"Thanks I hate it.","gratitude"
"Here's a purple heart for you recapping that! OMG matching romantic scoots I'm cryin'","excitement"
"So is that like your opinion or a viewpoint you can back up with solid reasoning?","confusion"
"I think there was a reason, there was for me. I saw her as far too power-hungry and completely full of herself.","disapproval"
"Which part do you not understand?","neutral"
"Same.. First thought was damn that kids shoes","disappointment"
"This is not Texas exclusive slang. I've lived in the Midwest and the east coast, everyone uses this slang...","neutral"
"That’s fair, I disagree with you, but I’m not here to change your mind. Was just curious. ","neutral"
"> consider another better job Oh believe me I am doing that. But this will have to do for now!","approval"
"Which makes zero sense lol","neutral"
"Lol "progressive reformer". Gotta love how gullible Chicago voters are ","amusement"
"I guess I'm confused why beliefs are not voluntary. The link talks about conclusions based on that but doesn't seem to address the premise.","confusion"
"They're living their fantasy.","neutral"
"Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down. ","approval"
"Would I love to be a fly on your wall right now and watch this whole debacle.","approval"
"I'm hoping he's just gonna psyche people out like [NAME] did with [NAME].","optimism"
"Hell yeah buddy things are looking up.","annoyance"
"[NAME] looks like a maggot in that dress","disgust"
"cause they want people to know there relvant again","neutral"
"His smile is so damn creepy","disgust"
"I wish I was [NAME]. Source (deleted):","desire"
"He’s down at least one pair of glasses, if not an eyesocket as well. ","neutral"
"London sure seems to be a hotspot of brazen theft these days. Jeez.","neutral"
"I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...","approval"
"This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!","admiration"
"Can’t buy a bucket...just one of those games","neutral"
"Thank you! Forgot to add her youtube. And her second, smaller, channels (super entertaining rants): ","gratitude"
"38k. Between 2 cars. Bought a new X5 and lowered his overall payment. Was tickled to death","neutral"
"Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.","sadness"
"I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.","neutral"
"thank you in turn! :D","gratitude"
"No my point to using the article is to call out the political theatre and dishonesty of some of our elected officials, mostly in the democratic party.","disapproval"
"He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!","fear"
"Thank you for explaining:)","gratitude"
"The details on this building are fantastic. If anyone gets a chance to see it up close, you definitely should.","admiration"
""[NAME] ***WHO***?!!" --Miss [NAME]","sadness"
"And if they got it, they'd get destroyed and whine about how the judge was deep state or something.","confusion"
"Now it's cheering for the two to come back","approval"
"Redskins were the best team in the NFC East until [NAME] leg snapped in half","disappointment"
"I hadn’t even noticed the hairline, was too busy looking at the rest of the awful stuff going on.","disgust"
"Cool, yeah I feel I’m too old for college girls and too young for more mature women. But gotta work on myself for sure","confusion"
"Are we gonna ignore the fact that he passed someone in the right lane???? That’s illegal","confusion"
"Nothings better then 2 teams that know exactly wut happend/parents that saw the game two coaches and a ref no good lawyer needed rlly just those people to talk","annoyance"
"I know right? Let me just stop what I'm doing to feel pity where you go wrong in relationships.","annoyance"
"How do I know the 2009 picture is the same location as the 2019 picture? Edit: wrong year","neutral"
"And then you finally hit it only to drop it off the end table.","pride"
"Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!","joy"
"[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.","caring"
"I will defend common core against parents that are just bad at math until the day I die.","embarrassment"
"I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.","realization"
"He is looking for the one that is leaking information, he doesn't want to throw anyone under the bus on purpose","neutral"
"I wish I could be this person.","desire"
"Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements","approval"
"Yes, he needs to sit the fuck down, that's all I have to say.","annoyance"
"somebody's sad lol lol","amusement"
"It appears [NAME] has come back as a cat.","neutral"
"you might be suffering from delusions","neutral"
"Oo! OO!! I know this one... ME!","excitement"
"Is there some scripture you could quote me? I'd like to read up on it just to be sure for myself","approval"
"" [NAME] has come down with a terrible sickness which caused him to deactivate his twitter account" Jeez sicknesses these days get worse and worse. ","neutral"
"Lake City Way","neutral"
"That's literally not me, and he didn't say anything about skin","annoyance"
"I just mean she keeps saying never again. Again.","neutral"
"I opened reddit to masturbate then I saw this. It's hard but... it's the right thing to do Thanks! Take it easy :)","gratitude"
"Love it!","joy"
"damn you're prolly right. only character i actually hate is [NAME], i'll use a different word","anger"
"Finally someone who appreciates human life","realization"
"This chick is a lunatic now","neutral"
"Awesome thank you! I’m sure it was fine to wear but new guy here not trying to stretch any rules quite yet","gratitude"
"I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️","caring"
"Not sure why you are getting downvoted for this comment. I really dislikes the Facebook type posts on this sub.","anger"
"When they hire him","neutral"
"Maybe one day but I am very cultured*","desire"
"$1 drink specials and ya got yourself a brilliant business plan.","excitement"
"I'm irritated by the upside down "Anti Crease" bit more than anything. ","annoyance"
"I already like the game. I don't to make the wins gimmicky for the game to be fun.","approval"
"Asking the right questions You can't do that on reddit tho","neutral"
"Danish PM on the topic - "We are not Socialist"","neutral"
"That's not an explanation of why it would be undemocratic.","disapproval"
"yea i highly doubt that","neutral"
"SHE. IS. THE. FUCKING. WORST. P.S. You’re not fat, you just need a stylist. 🙄","anger"
"Online is still in beta. GTA online spent months having disconnect issues and still has them from time to time even 5 years later","neutral"
"I can only enjoy memes if they have been AI-checked to have never been uploaded to vine or tiktok. Otherwise I can not find it funny.","disapproval"
"Ah! I couldn’t remember his name!","surprise"
"Jabronis... cool word!","admiration"
"I’M HOT ALL THE TIME :( pre-pregnancy I was cold a lot. This is worse.","anger"
"How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s","neutral"
"I sense no awful taste here.","disapproval"
"P=too damn high","neutral"
"Oh, you had me worried there! Still if it doesn't then what can you do I suppose.","surprise"
"Beards are great for stimulating the lady parts.","admiration"
"Austin Powers that shit","annoyance"
"I'll pass.","optimism"
"😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.","approval"
"Hyelp! There's been an accident!","fear"
"I realised that baby [NAME] looked like young [NAME] and it really upset me. So you all have to deal with that now too.","realization"
"hummm because... It is but... Relative. It's fun though. It's all a memes where everyone act 'serious'","approval"
"Hahaha love it","amusement"
"It’s lunacy to think that [NAME] is an actual Russian agent, since there’s literally no evidence of this.","neutral"
"What a funny story.","amusement"
"🤣I didn't realize that the Geneva Convention covered this, but phew! I might be doing this ASAP.","optimism"
"It was never about comparisons, it was about our experiences and relationship to capitalists here.","realization"
"Did you look at the picture that spurred this entire conversation, genius? ","admiration"
"Tried to /r/woooosh but I guess I gotta take this L :/","neutral"
"I never noticed this, how cool. I will keep an eye out for it! Another death foreshadowed by something small.","admiration"
"> LMAO, it's not free shit head, where the fuck is the source codes? This the real question.","amusement"
"She better not die","caring"
"This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.","confusion"
"No my point to using the article is to call out the political theatre and dishonesty of some of our elected officials, mostly in the democratic party.","neutral"
"I do this with lemons in my water at restaurants and it freaks people out a little sometimes. Lemons are just yummy.","neutral"
"I’m sorry","remorse"
"How stupid are you, if you dont réalize it’s staged ","annoyance"
"not sure if this is a joke, but if you've ever worked at a dev studio, this adds credibility if anything","approval"
"I never said you did? I'm just going off the conspiracy that's been going around for awhile about her being a clone","realization"
"No way! First I’m hearing about this","surprise"
"Signatures are no longer required for transactions in the US as of April last year, so I guess this no longer applies really. ","realization"
"Thanks for this.","gratitude"
"That’s not an example, that’s an anecdote... and it suggests to me that you don’t know how any of this works","annoyance"
"Lol I'm literally an anarchist but okay","approval"
"I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.","disappointment"
"Because nobody in their right mind would ever buy it","neutral"
"Not my sub not my problem","disapproval"
"How does this have the Braves at .450? Nothing about this makes sense.","neutral"
"/r/2ALiberals checking in! Welcome my leftist gun supporter! Upvote for 2A solidarity, even though we probably disagree on literally everything else.","neutral"
"Glad he's still balling, better than [NAME] for sure. I would have liked to have kept him just cos I liked how hard he played. ","neutral"
"Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves","fear"
"I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting","excitement"
"The Blackweb screen protectors have saved my phone more times than I can count.","gratitude"
"That's just, like, your opinion, man","neutral"
"I grew up in a Cornish village. Not much murder to be honest but plenty of drugs and pub lock-ins.","neutral"
"Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.","gratitude"
"I don't think [NAME] is on the cast list for Episode IX, so I doubt Phasma will be coming back again.","confusion"
"For some reason I read that in [NAME]' voice lmao","neutral"
"Just look at the picture","neutral"
"Does it say how many servings are in the bucket? I'm really hungry.","neutral"
"Life imitates art.","neutral"
"Yes he is. Cling to your safety blanket for now cause momma [NAME] is about to snatch it from you.","approval"
"Exactly. It’s all about control","approval"
"Think many people misunderstood your intentions here and the conversation just went on a tangent from there.","neutral"
"Ah, modern society's obsession with romance for the sake of romance… I hate it.","annoyance"
"That's so creepy","disapproval"
"The last thing that soldier wants is to get with her battle buddies.","neutral"
"I was Isla Vista, beautiful and terrible place","admiration"
"This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.","neutral"
"In the first game, definitely, but they're more even in 2/3. ","approval"
">I hate [NAME] so much. Lol","annoyance"
"Damn that must feel great!","gratitude"
"Didn’t realize two different intros were so many. I’ll warm this community up to hip hop eventually ;) Appreciate the shoutout!","admiration"
"[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.","annoyance"
"That’s so incredibly rude and inaccurate. You can’t actually believe that.","disgust"
"Ah sorry about that won’t happen again","optimism"
"[NAME] sure are afraid of brown women.","neutral"
"What are the chances [NAME] is in that 10% at 32?","neutral"
"Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol","amusement"
"In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward","embarrassment"
"The fact that LGBTQ rights were only recently (and not completely) recognized by the government directly contradicts the idea that gaining their rights has been quick.","neutral"
"I think we'll find out how apt this comparison is within the next few years.","optimism"
"We’ve done this twice, we have four awesome trees from them. Awesome organization!","admiration"
"Insofar as the Church has definitively ruled, it has been against evolution.","disapproval"
"this is the bro-est thing ive seen all week","neutral"
"I saved it on my memories/highlights","neutral"
"So Much Feeling in One Picture , Great Love It :)","admiration"
"I like they think that it’s bad that we are thinking about the fucking POTUS. It’s almost like his actions effect us all","disappointment"
"Super petty. The story makes you sound pretty jealous and controlling, as well. Especially the "SJW" line... It sounds like a 16-year-old incel. ","admiration"
"You do know trans men exist right? Completely destroying your argument","curiosity"
"Good grief.","surprise"
"Not if I legalize it. Then you can buy it.","neutral"
"Imagine thinking that a rapist isn't deserving of prison. He's not even sorry.","disappointment"
"I’m not signing that 😂 dude can hopefully stay banned","disapproval"
"fyi, straight men also use dildos. Also, your mom is awesome!","admiration"
"Oh I found them 8D","neutral"
"So... no nerd here to say the stomach doesn't really do that? Is this Reddit or what?","annoyance"
"Thoughts and Prayers... Go get fucked, fascist redneck scum!","disappointment"
"[NAME]?! Welcome to the show!!!","curiosity"
"I've fought mudcrabs more fearsome than you.","neutral"
"Hyelp! There's been an accident!","nervousness"
"Could also mean that mutated versions of these plants could make excellent super weeds that destroy our infrastructure. Tree roots and weeds are already a huge problem.","neutral"
"Thank you so much❤️","gratitude"
"cant wait to see you on the news; future rapist. you sound like a real loser.","annoyance"
"I'm beginning to think that ArcSys might be my favorite videogame company. They make such good fighting games.","admiration"
"Also “he wasn’t even good enough to be a starting pitcher how could i possibly allow him to be the first unanimous HOFer”","approval"
"I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels","sadness"
"***Y'our*** so funny.","amusement"
"Best description of online dating ever","admiration"
"This feeling is so bad","disappointment"
"I'm a nasty ho","fear"
"Don't be a [NAME] and misuse this term. We've reserved it for a movement of women who are done with sexual harassment.","disgust"
"If you need a friend to talk to, I am open.","neutral"
"Well then why are some people allowed to talk about strip clubs here and others are not?","disapproval"
"My case is like when you involuntarily subscribed to something while browsing a strange website and now can't unsubscribe.","amusement"
"I didn't know picks could be traded. Is this new or is it just rare in baseball?","confusion"
"Hey don't insult troglodytes like that. I'm sure they would have wanted vaccines","disapproval"
"She just wants to make sure she has good casting for her character in the Lifetime movie.","neutral"
"I'll be honest - I just want new stories. Not prequels. Doing things in the past are just too limiting with storytelling.","desire"
"In shock and was more concerned about my kid tbh. Now off course I wish I'd sued the arse off her for emotional distress.","surprise"
"Upfront. Costs a lot more over the term of the contract though.","neutral"
"Right like interacting with each other having a normal evening? Ugh they’re both so trashy I’m sorry.","remorse"
"Ha, ha your mad!","approval"
"Can we at least look like we’re trying","neutral"
"Living up to his last name.","admiration"
"I’ve actually been there lol","amusement"
"Wtf you missed the Tigers 2005 dynasty","annoyance"
"When is the battle point for squad spawning back?","neutral"
"TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.","anger"
">Missing skillset >Guy I mean, I don't want to say it's *free*, but it's pretty damn likely.","disappointment"
"Honestly I’d believe it. [NAME] seems stuck in that high school mentality","neutral"
"i appreciate the consistency of your values.","gratitude"
"Tailoring is a god send and honestly not all that expensive, typically.","admiration"
"Would parking still be free on the weekends?","neutral"
"aries actually haha","amusement"
"I'm on board the Saints hype train. [NAME] is an amazing QB.","admiration"
"Except the ones trying to zipper by flying by everyone just to slam on their breaks to zipper...","neutral"
"Hahaha, FUCK","amusement"
"Because [NAME] was definitely pregnant with both a boy and a girl when he got on. Yup.","neutral"
"Not censoring usernames is against Reddit’s rules...","annoyance"
"I thought the army would be like the top image. "Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"","neutral"
"Do you think South Korea and Japan are not serious countries?","neutral"
"What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot","annoyance"
"Or, drag an old pallet jack outside, empty. ","neutral"
"A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.","admiration"
"Yo where they at, I want to celebrate with them.","joy"
"Thank you for your valuable contribution to the discussion","gratitude"
"Just as easy to blame the other side. Maybe they should all sit down like grown ups","remorse"
"This a very obvious joke. Also the old facepalm picture doesn't make your post better.","joy"
"I agree, this subs being a little overly toxic about it","annoyance"
"This guy is a hack lmao","amusement"
"Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(","neutral"
"Why do we play NJ so shitty?","neutral"
"What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?","neutral"
"You’ve got the slight shit-eating grin of a long-tenured predatory priest with immunity due to inside dirt on the bishop.","caring"
"Just be GOOD at what you do, and fade the chase ","admiration"
"Why is the dude a douche? He didn't actually do anything, lol his political views are not relevant as he himself actually did nothing wrong.","amusement"
"You are right but stick a cleanse on that bad boy and he's golden","annoyance"
"Okay, enough me being a great mom.","pride"
"But she had to accept it for it to show publicly.","approval"
"I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.","disappointment"
"That looks righteous!!","gratitude"
"It feels like an ironic meme. How is this not ironic?","curiosity"
"Love him! "Thank You God" is one of my favorites of his.","love"
"Sure, okay.","neutral"
"Very interesting prediction!","admiration"
"Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually. ","confusion"
"Yeah me, I'm blaming my medication tho.","embarrassment"
"We know, buddy.","neutral"
"Ah damn it.","anger"
"Wow full-screen twitch on mobile is cancer.","surprise"
"Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...","joy"
"Ghostbusters 2: ghost-bustier ?","neutral"
"Was that an inglorious basterds quote in there ?","curiosity"
"PULL HIM. NOW.","approval"
"thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?","fear"
"I'm sure your kind is fine the way it is","caring"
"I mean, OP is consenting and asking for it, it's better to let them be","approval"
"Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.","anger"
"I've seen this multiple times and wonder what happened to her after this.","approval"
"This sounds like fainting. Get your blood pressure/sugars checked.","embarrassment"
"Lol did you just take the experts picks that they talked about on Action Network?","neutral"
"Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!","love"
"I love how many penguins stopped and waited for him 😍","love"
"You spent thousands of pounds on them? They sound kind of dickish to be honest. Find people who obviously value you for who you are.","neutral"
"A K9 unit was killed in Duluth, MN yesterday. The handler was shot as well, but survived. It was a domestic.","neutral"
"me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.","disappointment"
"No one but they're mine and they protect me from facing the truth D:","caring"
"I think you spoke too soon","neutral"
"Youd be surprised how many times the "hebephilia is not pedophilia" argument comes up on reddit. ","excitement"
"Keeping [NAME] was a great decision. What are you even talking about!?","admiration"
"AS AN ITALIAN MAFIA ONCE SAID "LOOK HOW THEY MASSACRED MY BOY" ","neutral"
"this songs gonna get stuck inside yo this songs gonna get stuck inside yo this songs gonna get stuck inside yo heeaaaaad!!!","neutral"
"nah he was pretty mediocre at A&M","admiration"
"It would be exciting I guess.","excitement"
"Can't even do that anymore :(","neutral"
"Srs it's so bizarre! There's often someone like "OP is wayyy prettier than [celebrity]!!!" as well. ","neutral"
"Even that game winning kick was close. Our kickers are cursed.","disappointment"
"Bless u x","caring"
"Toy department hype! So hard to keep from using caps!","disapproval"
"Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.","sadness"
"My work days are usually similar....but even the "good morning" is hard for me to initiate some mornings. I feel your pain!","approval"
"I don’t think it retains more fat but you can get bloated and stuff and retaining water will make the scale go up","neutral"
""WE HAVE LIFTOFF!" "Houston, we have a problem"","neutral"
"Wooow! Thank you! Amazing","admiration"
"Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here","joy"
"Yeah... we are. But hey, misery loves company!","love"
"What’s the motive for doing this? To save on fuel by transporting as many people as possible in one go?","confusion"
"He needs to be tested. And you need a divorce lawyer ASAP. He needs to move out. Actions have consequences.","neutral"
"Can you go see her in person?","curiosity"
"[NAME] was the only rb I felt no matter what I would draft him, but I think he's one of the very few ","neutral"
"Damn we got 7th grade conspiracy theorists in the world these days?!?!","disgust"
"I've had a lot of frozen pizza in my day, and this to me looks like a Red Baron.","neutral"
"I don't think [NAME] has landed any key punches as of yet","neutral"
"I mean I'm no fan of the series either but who cares? It makes a lot of people happy.","curiosity"
"Promise me that when you call out his name you pronounce "Papa-paparazzi papa-paparazzi pahhh pahhh paparazzi, dinnnner!"","excitement"
"We cant say dodgeball these days. It’s forbidden. Like how we call anal sex “Lawyer love” now.","disapproval"
"Ouch, that looks horrible. Tagged his leg on the dumpster. Lucky he didn’t lose a leg going that fast.","disgust"
"Do you have the car? Why didn't you get copies? What aren't you telling us?","curiosity"
"Thank you so much! I appreciate the support i’ve gotten as I don’t feel I deserve it— and I appreciate your comment. 😊","admiration"
"ngl his total thievery of the lwymmd lyrics was highkey annoying to me but the song is actually pretty damn good lol","admiration"
"Yeah, the robber in my comment was also 'emotionally attached' is what I meant. I don't get what your comment means lol. ","neutral"
"yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!","fear"
""Homeopaths love it!"","neutral"
"I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...","optimism"
"Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers","anger"
"I mean, he did believe in a clearly terrible [NAME] ","approval"
"Rattles off potential free agent edge defenders, neglects to include [NAME].","neutral"
"There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.","annoyance"
"It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha","annoyance"
"There was a huge pervasive fear of nuclear war in the 80s among kids. I remember often waking up screaming from nuclear nightmares.","approval"
"Yeah, live it up so you get a free trip to the zoo.","approval"
"Another episode of idiots with guns","disapproval"
"I'm honestly shocked that the Bucks have more subs than us. I was surprised the Wolves had more too.","surprise"
"His tail?","confusion"
"It's the first two themes in the themes section lol - what game did you get :)","amusement"
"That's how reddit works.","optimism"
"Is it just me or does the outro hurt your ears. The intro is a whole 12/10 but the outro just seems to hurt","disapproval"
"And go where? That McDonalds 😂","curiosity"
"Running theory is "Schnee Dust Corporation" but I don't think its been confirmed.","disappointment"
"Atlantica combat is unlike anything else. So fun. Didnt know it was still arkund; I wish it wasnt so Asia difficult and grindy","desire"
"That is the argument used in those discussions. There is no hypothetical here.","realization"
"USA Trash is [NAME] beloved gift to Canada. Thanks [NAME]. Nice hair though!","admiration"
"I feel like it's the 90s when everybody wanted to make a record label","neutral"
"[NAME] Need people to play with so thanks :)","excitement"
"I’ll give a big “HELL YEA” to that","admiration"
"Thanks man, words give me strength","gratitude"
"Because she was sarcastic since we met her. It's not that hard you know?","confusion"
"TIL the Recession, Great Depression, Colonialism, War on Drugs etc. were created by socialists. ","realization"
"lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.","neutral"
"That's why I think we should clean house. No more leftists, no more whining.","neutral"
"Come on, New Day! Make it finally finally happen, [NAME]!","excitement"
"but you won't hear that from most of the press or people on this sub WHAT IS THEIR POLICY THOUGH lmao","neutral"
"This made me laugh.","amusement"
"My grandmother does that.","neutral"
"Ohhh, thank you for correcting me 😊","gratitude"
"I think you both lose because they're at .500. I hope you both enjoy your Leafs pint glasses! Edit: thanks for Reddit Silver mysterious stranger!","gratitude"
"That's kind of amazing. What a time to be alive.","curiosity"
"My favorite is they didn't have time to eat healthy. Wut.","neutral"
"I believe the mentally ill are the ones that spend so much time and effort caring about what I do with my own time and money. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","neutral"
">but part of the whole inequality picture is women receiving lower pay for the same jobs. Honestly? Doesn't happen.","curiosity"
"Play stupid games and win stupid prizes dude.","annoyance"
"This is the whitest thing I’ve ever seen in my life","annoyance"
"He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster","neutral"
"Need context on this lol. I'm on a Uber rn to a bar so will be drinking right with you!","neutral"
"I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.","love"
"This is peak Dundee.","realization"
"Have a great safe driving record, save up to buy stuff, and meet people face to face to talk to them.","caring"
"After someone told me about goat yoga I now believe all anecdotes like this.","neutral"
"This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.","grief"
"Does windows xp count as odd or even?","confusion"
"It is really boring. There is a culture in church, but it is essentially soulless and is really only weirdness with a heaping of superiority complex.","disapproval"
"OHH this is what Reddit finds ridiculous about this situation.","anger"
"I can finally block Post Mallone and all that repetitive weird rap that ppl play on my Spotify during parties.","relief"
""But it's okay because people get stoned to death in the Bible!" -The creator of this comic probably","neutral"
"Rapists can have parental rights in some states, assuming they find him.","neutral"
"Honestly, an obvious possibility is you find the men who you are banging other than him to be more attractive. ","caring"
"Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.","annoyance"
"> is this big news? Not really. The primary use of vit D is different.","realization"
"[NAME], that was 2013? Time flies","neutral"
"Can’t wait to go to the Kings game. Especially if they bring this level of fire.","curiosity"
"I always thought a visible/sortable +/- x% ranking would be interesting for that reason.","neutral"
"Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!","annoyance"
"Ain't that the truth, lol","curiosity"
"Hi, [NAME]! I am here to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you the best day of your life! -HappyFriendlyBot","admiration"
"Make time for someone who makes time for you. Full stop.","neutral"
"Came on her face and she told you? Wow disrespect. Either she didn't know how you really felt or didn't care. Sorry about your luck","caring"
"Okay, thanks Discord. ~~I hate it.~~","disapproval"
"Very interesting video. Thank you for sharing.","curiosity"
"What a catch, that's how you win championship games there. Wow.","admiration"
"Do they seriously think freshman congressmen are 'leadership'?","neutral"
"Nah when Telus does it so will Koodo since fido did","neutral"
"Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway","annoyance"
"Astounding. People died. And the church's response is "Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"","gratitude"
"Because killing the same mice twice is very tricky","neutral"
"Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.","amusement"
"What’s a matter? I thought you liked faces.","curiosity"
"All spreadsheeters are killers but not all killers are spreadsheeters 💡","neutral"
"is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!","neutral"
"My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.","disapproval"
"happens all the time (at least to me) when you have a bad ping (80+), games broken lol","disappointment"
"Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep. ","sadness"
"Now the 'fun' really starts. :(","amusement"
"Proven defense and offense at 26 years old on a contract that would cover THE ENTIRETY OF HIS PRIME isn't an upgrade over Andújar?","neutral"
"Eh, that can happen anywhere. It isn't exclusive to Dallas where that stuff happens. Good luck tho.","admiration"
"I have a really nice tempurpedic one and about 6 king sized fluffy ones that I use to just fall asleep hugging","realization"
"He looks so dapper.","admiration"
"Cervezas for everyone!","neutral"
"This is child abuse. No decent parent would force their kid to starve just because they don't understand science and nutrition","neutral"
"What year did I wake up in?","confusion"
"Oooo I love that theory! I hope we do find out her name one day","love"
"If you sprinkle when you tinkle, be a sweetie and wipe the seatie. #peetoo","neutral"
"This is actually funny","amusement"
"7-1 ISNT A RIVALRY. [NAME] WIN A FEW MORE AND THEN WE CAN BE FRENEMIES","relief"
"Don't do that. Only villains do that.","disapproval"
"I know a guy who is 25 (same age as me) and has FOUR. I would hate my life so much.","disappointment"
"Is it my turn to point out he's clearly at school? I haven't checked the rota for this post this week.","realization"
"Thanks for the info mate gonna watch out next time","gratitude"
"Cool it [NAME]","neutral"
"[NAME] were the only reason this episode was remotely interesting lmao","admiration"
"Likely. Just let him take every single shot all night and see what happens.","optimism"
"I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus","anger"
"Huge, huge internet hugs. My heart broke for you reading this. I'm so sorry you had to go through this. ","remorse"
"The healing feels intermittent. I accomplish and then relapse to why did I stay. Why did I even say yes when it was always there...","neutral"
"Don’t regret the time, had it been sooner you might be absent a kid or three! ","disappointment"
"Seriously, I’ve never had rendering problems (External SSD) until now... Not even on the PTR","approval"
"Hey, I just shared the tweet with the quote. I don't know about all that","neutral"
"But you have about 0% chance of winning the lottery and the lottery isn't determined by your effort, skill, etc. ","neutral"
"holy mother of oof","neutral"
"So you think ohh should text him now and ask about the date?","confusion"
"But for real. Like, phones, you guys. Am I right?","neutral"
"I swear, I don't know where the bombs are! Only the miners know that!","disapproval"
"Hopefully "new games" doesn't mean "new ways to put money into other things besides our main games."","optimism"
"This is such a cool idea. Basically an abathur that hats minions instead of heroes.","admiration"
"My parents always checked on us to make sure we were breathing, they always panicked if they didn’t hear us making sounds.","neutral"
"Checked my EBT balance yesterday. "You will not be receiving benefits for February.". I wonder when the riots are going to start.","surprise"
"Even if [NAME] didn’t play we wouldn’t be winning sorry Just enjoy the ride and pay respect to the man who gave us our only championship","neutral"
"I need this in Canada geez","neutral"
"When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore","neutral"
"Sounds exactly how it is - you don't want a relationship with this girl. It's pretty cut and dry.","neutral"
"Sure, there are edge cases where this is less clear, but in the vast majority of conflict, this is true.","neutral"
"as long as they remain indoor cats, no problem with being a cat lady. you do you ","neutral"
"Stay safe guys","caring"
"This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.","admiration"
"Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.","neutral"
"I wonder how she would respond if he said this. It's almost worth doing to find out.... Almost","admiration"
"Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.","admiration"
"Hope for the best but still work as hard as we can.","optimism"
"In the Garden of Femininity, of course!","neutral"
"You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.","neutral"
"Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.","desire"
"I think making fun of him will just piss him off.","annoyance"
"I rarely like or comment on YouTube. But I make hella playlists so I guess I use it more as a tool than a community.","approval"
"I've got a mangina!","neutral"
"[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea","embarrassment"
"If being tired doesn’t work. Ask for a BJ","disapproval"
"That may be — we are talking about the stock market, though. :)","approval"
"Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.","love"
"i believe he has a minor ankle injury at the moment, i’m not too worried about his skating ","approval"
"Hi [NAME] nice to see you","love"
"Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok","caring"
"[NAME] MAY be a slightly better hitter, but he can't field for crap. And the other two can't hold a candle to [NAME]","neutral"
"This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.","disapproval"
"Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure","neutral"
"I'll never forget how great [NAME] was that day.","admiration"
"Utter nonsense from yourself.","annoyance"
"She seems like the quality girl I'd like to marry and introduce to my parents","admiration"
"They are. Primates (humans being the exception) dont hug like that when they're happy.","neutral"
"I'm more interested in why there are goldfish in the picture...","excitement"
"I mean, you are in love with them regardless. But I always knew when they were going through an awkward stage and such. ","neutral"
"Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations","anger"
"Good that corporate knows about it. They'll launch a LP investigation and fuck the idiots doing this.","annoyance"
"Which makes zero sense lol","amusement"
"what did he say i missed it","curiosity"
"I want to undo it, like it tasted good, but just **AGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh**","disapproval"
"Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.","disgust"
"It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.","nervousness"
"I got banned on an old account for no discernible reason months after I had last posted there.","disappointment"
"Ah the ole pelvic buster","neutral"
""Someone else must start this however... but I will sure join in the violent fight that will ensue... I promise!"","approval"
"Thanks! I'm so keen :)","curiosity"
"But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.","neutral"
"This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.","approval"
"This goes back like a decade though. He just has the palette of a 4 year old.","neutral"
"No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?","anger"
"Godspeed and be well, [NAME].","neutral"
"Did I miss something? I don't think she's announced yet. Someone could still beat her to it.","confusion"
"They went to game 7 of the Conference finals last year. Probably would of won if [NAME] didn’t get hurt.","neutral"
"I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].","love"
"Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four","optimism"
"Why is that a concern? Their not language students nor are they part of an international language program.","confusion"
"Seems like sometimes they also do this with people who aren't necessarily "high status" in any way but who genuinely don't care about status. ","neutral"
"Every one hates him so your just bragging you hate him too to be cool . Its not a confession unless u say something u regret","anger"
"On being 3x over the speed limit while under the influence, that alone makes him very guilty of something wrong. Thanks for the additional information.","neutral"
"The little “you hurt me so badly but I’m gonna be brave” yea... at the end oh my [NAME]. Your friend sucks.","annoyance"
"Because you can just leave her and start a new life for yourself, if she does not want to abort but you do, it’s her problem","approval"
"It's so if people search for feminism his post will show up and he gets the attention he craves","neutral"
"You get her off 3 times and she doesn't finish you? That seems very selfish.","neutral"
"That's so sad.","sadness"
"Have you watched the last couple of games? He has run the offense as much as [NAME] has.","neutral"
"Whataburger misses you too. Come back and visit when you can!","love"
"That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous. ","confusion"
"Not talking about [NAME] as I've barely seen any of that, just the implication that [NAME] got a lot of new mixups","neutral"
"I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.","disapproval"
"You’re in Iceland, a particularly craggy rock would be pretty interesting to you. ","approval"
"Hahah Yea imagine what the GM guys will do when the DD app crashes for hours","amusement"
"Removed under rule #1. This is your second removal for the same rule.","approval"
"Goddamn. I'd tap the fuck out if I was that other guy.","disgust"
"He is the best","approval"
"May he Rest In Peace.","neutral"
"If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound. ","nervousness"
"I don't believe no one in your class thought of Mac or iPhone.","neutral"
"Will the RNG fuck me as with XCOM?","curiosity"
"Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better","amusement"
"Meryn fucking Trant? Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.","neutral"
"Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.","anger"
"Pharmacy residencies started that in 2017 and honestly it makes the process so much better for both candidates and applicants.","approval"
"You're an amazing person OP. Please keep doing you!","admiration"
"***Y'our*** so funny.","approval"
"#KYLO REN IS NOT INTIMIDATING","neutral"
"this video makes me sad","sadness"
"Oh I get it. I totally misunderstood.","embarrassment"
"They seem to have very "sick" laws in Saudi Arabia. Where women don't have any protection from government against their perpetrators.","neutral"
"I love when people call 500ms lights useless.","love"
"Winter depression has finally gotten to me. So damn bored even with all these bowl games on.","annoyance"
"Well, when you look back in the history many hypes say a lot about humanity in general. That doesn't mean every person enjoyed the thing.","neutral"
"Normally yes, but then it would be an attractive woman (at least it used to be).","neutral"
"We need our damn OL coach...he was amazing this year.","admiration"
"Start acting mature. Don't get into fights with security guards about how you look.","anger"
"As a man, I'm leaving my wife because she refuses to even acknowledge my emotional needs. your comment is from a century ago. ","neutral"
"Well, could be worse. It could be India.","approval"
"By the way the dogs also alerted at kuss road but will just ignore that much like [NAME] did lol ciao","neutral"
"Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.","desire"
"Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.","disgust"
"I kind of think if you spell dissuade diswayd you lose any benefit of the doubt.","confusion"
"It doesn't bother me for some reason, I'm just lactose intolerant.","neutral"
"You're my mvp for the night haha. I'll drop by there tonight, thanks!","amusement"
"Someone made a similar joke and got 500 down votes.","realization"
"[NAME] what a stupid job","disappointment"
"thanks for clarifying, you put me into cardiac arrest for a moment","annoyance"
"I'm sorry you had to go through that. Though I'm glad you're out of that toxic environment now.","admiration"
"So angry. PMS?","anger"
"Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain","sadness"
"soon i’ll have an army of karens and no one will be able to stop me","excitement"
"When will he get that pesky hood under control— oh, it’s looping","curiosity"
"You don't have to, but I find it dissolves faster so I assume that's why he's doing it.","neutral"
"Wrong kind of grass seeds?","curiosity"
"Is this worth watching? It comes off like its glorifying the guy and kinda puffy.","confusion"
"BUT WHY DOES SHE DO A FULL FACE/EYE LOOK THEN SKIP THE MASCARA?!?!! This has been driving me nuts.","neutral"
"Couldnt agree more.","disapproval"
"On its own it looks really stupid, but it’s kinda cute all in the little pot","admiration"
"That man has such epic face","admiration"
"Lol ya mom","joy"
"At some point you just gotta say, that’s impressive. This isn’t that point. ","confusion"
"Even that. I have 0 desire to see what happens after TLJ. I'll probably watch the RLM review and call it a day.","neutral"
"[NAME] the only one who’s still part of the organization here","neutral"
"Don't kiss your doorbell! Or anyone else's for that matter...","neutral"
"Yup, the cammer is at fault here.","neutral"
"So unnecessary.","neutral"
"SUFFER MORTALS!","anger"
"The 1st 5 minutes of this game will be key. Hope they come out with some passion. Go Oil","optimism"
"I’m kind of scared to talk to my manager about it","fear"
"He looks like a model tbh. Very good looking man.","admiration"
"WHAT!? *I thought you were a local!?*","embarrassment"
"Should start at 1mg and see how you feel","curiosity"
"You don't have to, but I find it dissolves faster so I assume that's why he's doing it.","confusion"
"Don't hold your breath!","disapproval"
"and this is why I, having been baptized [RELIGION], choose to be cremated after I die because I am sacred and can, finally, no longer be used","neutral"
"I'm not asthmatic and am not close to anyone who is, so I'm pretty ignorant on the matter. What all does managing asthma entail?","anger"
"I like it","love"
"52k upvotes in 2 hours. That's Reddit for you! Congrats, guy!","gratitude"
"This should be in r/amazingUK really.","neutral"
"Happy New Year to you too!","excitement"
"Ha! Thanks for this.","excitement"
"These refs have it out for the colts. I didn't realize we traded our MVP 11 to KC either.","surprise"
"d'oh, my bad 😔","embarrassment"
""Daddy, can you help me with my math homework?" "Not now, sweetie. Daddy's doing much more important math"","neutral"
"Is that max?","curiosity"
"A "Texas DUI" sounds like a weird sex move. ","disgust"
"I've realized after more than 100 hours that you can dismount a horse without jumping off","realization"
"England is all about driver safety. Competence...well....","admiration"
"It's really baffling, they had the perfect template with the Master dialogue in FO1 but they manage to completely butcher it.","disapproval"
"[NAME] went form 4-12 to 11-5 when he switched teams. Coaching success does not necessarily regress with age. Athletic ability does. That's the difference.","realization"
"If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.","disapproval"
"Well RES shows I'm responsible for +113 of that so...you're welcome lol.","neutral"
"Yes but that's largely changed in much of the US (the coasts at least). Surprised a state or two hasn't legalized it","surprise"
"*Day after day, ordinary people become heroes through extraordinary and selfless actions to help their neighbors.* -[NAME]","realization"
"I do watch legends and lol yes we all know she existed/originated in the future. I also know that this is a different [NAME] from the [NAME].","admiration"
"Rest in peaches J2D or whatever his name was, nice meme","admiration"
"Love the username.","love"
"I really wish this wonderful person would run for president! <3","desire"
"Looks like goodfellow","admiration"
"Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier","amusement"
"I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen this joke.","realization"
"I agree with you, I just don't believe it will happen.","approval"
"Celes represent well her talent tho","admiration"
"I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both","excitement"
"That "Hard work" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears","disappointment"
"I was too legit. Too legit to quit. Now I’m not legit. I’m un-legit. And therefore, I must quit.","disapproval"
">cumpoo Now wait a minute..","neutral"
"What would you consider to be oppression of women?","curiosity"
"Sorry, you misspelled disrespectful. You don't have my trust. Here are the divorce papers.","disappointment"
"You're welcome","neutral"
"I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.","disgust"
"Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!","fear"
"I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(","fear"
"They’ve changed their mind so clearly they would change their position when scrutinised. Like you said though, he was ignored. ","neutral"
"Ya uh that's gen Z sorry","remorse"
"Isn't it the same thing? Or at least equally bad?","confusion"
"To be fair, I’m not slaughtering my own food ","neutral"
"Happy belated cakeday.","joy"
"Can I start getting excited for [NAME] yet","excitement"
"Good always love him","love"
"How embarrassing.","embarrassment"
"Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.","neutral"
"That's still a fucking insane number. 70% is goddamn insanity, and the only reason you're alright with it is because you're unaffected.","neutral"
"Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!","excitement"
"Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.","gratitude"
"Thanks I will check that out.","gratitude"
"Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.","neutral"
"I also relate (and regret)","remorse"
"[NAME] just think of how overworked her liver and kidneys must be!!","surprise"
"[NAME] literally did nothing and got a foul called lmao","neutral"
"What a great read, its interesting to look at things from that perspective. ","admiration"
"At least it isn't too terrible? Actually it's not bad at all. Still VERY delusional!! Good post","admiration"
"[NAME] baking company is one of them.","neutral"
""Didn't know you can predict the future"","surprise"
"They’re proud about having liberals make themselves look stupid with covfefe memes.","excitement"
"180 is not good for checking enzyme deficiency which is what I am referring too.","disapproval"
"My 47 year old sister is still creeped out by the original theme show's music. She refuses to watch it.","caring"
"Shittiest crowd weve got this season omg please stay home an empty arena would of been better than this shitshow tabarnack","annoyance"
"me too thanks","gratitude"
"I’m glad I’m not the only one who was pedantic enough to notice.","admiration"
"Me and my best friend both are..","neutral"
"TAKE ME TO YOUR CRYPT, I WANT TO PAY MY RESPECTS!","neutral"
"Aww, try mindfulness. I think I am going over to that sub now.","neutral"
"Well stop drinking bovine growth hormone then.","neutral"
"Why are you making questionable jokes at work? Unless you work in a comedy club, it really aint the place.","anger"
"Lmao we really tried that again","amusement"
"It’s not really a surprise that sick people consume more healthcare resources than people who aren’t sick, is it?","annoyance"
"“You fight like my sister!” “I’ve fought your sister! That’s a compliment!”","admiration"
"I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(","disappointment"
"Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read","disappointment"
""Didn't know you can predict the future"","surprise"
"He looks like [NAME] in Jackass 2 when they glued pubes to his face.","disapproval"
"Interesting I’ve never met any one IRL that met that way. Guess there must be some people meeting that way 😀","curiosity"
"The very worst possible route they could have gone.","disgust"
"To match the Mets green st paddy’s jerseys","neutral"
"explain Hudson bay edit: not to say Florida flooding wouldn't be welcome change","disappointment"
"Florida seems to have our number and if [NAME] is out we are screwed . 3-1 FL","optimism"
"y i k e s","neutral"
"I'm not the disgusting. I take good care of her. I just have barriers. What is wrong with that?","confusion"
"Genetic science is changing the jewelry game?","curiosity"
"In my experience it was just people burning the fuck out of popcorn (possibly to cover up the stench of weed) at 2am","anger"
"lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12","amusement"
"I'm so proud of you!","neutral"
"agreed, I am in a suburb, a HOA.....I love it here.","approval"
"Bingo. They are not an articulate people.","neutral"
"That may not be their choice anymore","neutral"
"[NAME] is seriously in the top 5 best female characters ever written for TV.","neutral"
"It’s a fast food restaurant, what do you expect?","curiosity"
"You gotta understand there’s always someone who can beat you. Man thinks he’s untouchable","approval"
"I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(","disappointment"
"Pretty sure he's by far and away the biggest asshat on this sub lmao","annoyance"
""Highline poles"; I'll keep those in mind. Thanks. ","gratitude"
"I'd love either over any of the guys I listed","neutral"
"This guy reddits!","neutral"
"Remind me! 6 months","neutral"
"Marry her or I will. Cause when my GF sees this comment I'll be pretty single.","disappointment"
"You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.","desire"
"This is my bestie's favorite song.","love"
"Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.","annoyance"
"💕❤️💕 I believe in you. Stay strong","caring"
"Or just spend ten seconds around some fire and realize that it's super hot.","realization"
"It was done before and it was terrible","disgust"
"Childhood is happiness. After that the rest of your life is spent chasing that feeling, a feeling that you’ll never experience again ","joy"
"In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town","disgust"
"That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.","admiration"
"It would be sweet if they got into accidents with guardrails and massive trees.","approval"
"Is she hot tho","neutral"
"[NAME]. Starring [NAME] as the goofy and lovable [NAME].","love"
"I woke up drunk and mouthy","disgust"
"And he will...Hence he shrugs off whatever you said and continues to treat dashers like trash.","approval"
"The attraction and the action are two separate things, and you know that. No one chooses who they are attracted to. Stop it. ","neutral"
"Pure asshole.","annoyance"
"good lookin out bro","approval"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.","disappointment"
"Let's be honest here if [NAME] played last night the Canucks win. This defense is a major concern and needs a complete overhaul this offseason.","approval"
"You're the one making a positive claim, give studies or shut up.","approval"
"I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.","desire"
"[NAME], learn some fucking grammar and punctuation. Maybe use some paragraphs. Just an idea.","approval"
"I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.","annoyance"
"But then they couldn't be a self-martyring, violent tankie and that's not as much fun.","disapproval"
"Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before. ","desire"
"Yes!! Im always horny when I am with my BF, but right around ovulation, I am super horny!","approval"
"Meth is a hell of a drug.","anger"
"Say bye bye to your vas deferens and hello to your ex.","neutral"
"im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.","caring"
"Have fun getting robbed","amusement"
"Yo u r awesome op. Gold me :D","admiration"
"My ex would have believed that kinda stuff too. Some people aren’t really into movies","neutral"
">Emotions like this will get you killed. That is too bad, considering I was planning on living forever.","disappointment"
"Tf happened to him? You just said thanks LOL","gratitude"
"I like how nobody else is doing anything to stop him","approval"
"Damn, why y'all posting the match threads this early.","surprise"
"Just split for gods sake before kids are born.","neutral"
"I don't play assassins much, but I love playing Rat.","realization"
":) dormant intp. Unlock awakening","neutral"
"I wonder what was more painful, the stitches or the humiliation.","confusion"
"I love rational comments.","joy"
"You are unhinged.","neutral"
"its petty revenge to a [NAME] who's too nice to commit to petty revenge","realization"
"That's not the first time I've heard it said that a GA acted assholic, not apostolic in real life. ","disapproval"
"I understand now. Thank you for your thorough explanation.","gratitude"
"I made some super dumb decisions as a teen. Thankfully nothing life affecting. Source: was teen","embarrassment"
"Hows it smell down there 9 points below the wild card spot. Ya fuckin pine cone","confusion"
"I think you spoke too soon","realization"
"I think you need to explore your motivations a bit more. I very much doubt you just want to know and "That's all."","neutral"
"The white thing high up in the yellow square is my uncle [NAME] glass eye. Wonder how it got there.","confusion"
"[NAME] got a bad report card from [NAME] as well today.","neutral"
"Lmao stopping a tracking working dog haha.","amusement"
"This doesn't solve the problem of people using controllers, they make it harder for everyone low rank or not","disapproval"
"30 people is big for you...? Dang im middle eastern and it's over 500 guests each time..","surprise"
"tbh i would've guiltied but atleast they didnt lose an important TP","remorse"
"I believe they know about it and don’t care, but they aren’t paying someone that doesn’t work there to do it.","neutral"
"He also had bipolar depression, which was a major driver in his mental states...","approval"
":) dormant intp. Unlock awakening","neutral"
"happy birthday dude!","gratitude"
"Can't tell if bad troll or just ignorant knowitall","confusion"
"The stupid is real","anger"
"A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.","joy"
"What are you talking about? I posted this article and am replying to people who reply to me.","confusion"
"Minion #2: So should we warn [NAME], master? [NAME]: Ew no lol","amusement"
"Unless he has actually threatened to or used them against you I think you're over reacting. Ask him to please delete them.","annoyance"
"Great anime though. [NAME] awesome.","admiration"
"None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.","disappointment"
"Imagine being so retarded that you believe [NAME] is a sadist.","neutral"
"Sorry. This thing knows whats up!","remorse"
"Second this. You can cycle along Maribyrnong river for most of it which is pretty relaxing. Fast and healthy too.","caring"
"Well I don't think it works the other way around. As someone who is incredibly insecure, I am also definitely not a narcissist.","disappointment"
"Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME]","amusement"
"I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.","approval"
"Yep. I did this in uni, got mad respect for holding my "booze". ","approval"
"That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.","amusement"
"Thats not mold","disapproval"
"May your test be negative and your New Year's be happy!","caring"
"Holy shit this speaks to me.","anger"
"Shoot him, or something.","neutral"
"I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)","optimism"
"Why are you taking a picture of a playground? Lol","amusement"
"you got me for a sec. I was like wow.. that's kind of a weird thing to find h-ohhhh damnit! got me. XD","annoyance"
"I don't see whats's the issue here Edit: spelling","neutral"
"To be fair, all of those QBs may not have been starting quality but most of them ended up being solid backup else where in the league. ","approval"
"Those are his real friends","neutral"
"Happy cake day bruh","love"
"I'm saying [NAME] is the pretentious one, and that the original commenter's response to him is a perfect mockery of the asshole ","disgust"
"What a respectable women.","admiration"
"Dude, the elderly are some that are the most at risk of dying from the flu.","disappointment"
"Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.","caring"
"Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.","sadness"
"Different personalities, I've always been like that with friends and family.","joy"
"Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore","annoyance"
"Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season","joy"
"Ok. He is likely done in the NHL after this season I guess.","neutral"
"The classic I can't stand up straight because I can't even breath laugh","approval"
"Anyone have a link to the unedited footage?","confusion"
"Might not have the funds after just losing their mother and all the costs associated with that and losing that support system.","sadness"
"Thanks love you","gratitude"
"Or you end up getting innocent Chinese civillians who were just browsing reddit arrested and have their organs contributed to the system.","confusion"
"[NAME] can’t space and [NAME] is getting worse defensively","disgust"
"[NAME] got lucky that wasnt a foul on him again","neutral"
"Oh you mean [NAME]?","neutral"
"Thanks I will consider that :)","gratitude"
"You know, 4 months of use is basically nothing though. In that case the bad part of the deal is Nvidia's decision to start supporting freesyinc ","neutral"
"Rule 7: Pursue what is meaningful (not what is expedient)","approval"
"[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.","disappointment"
"Yup like 40/60 for me","admiration"
"I got your back, bros. (nsfw, duh) ","neutral"
"I like it, but it does violate our images policy. embedding it in a standard post would be OK.","approval"
"[NAME] left too early.","neutral"
"Not the entire party","disapproval"
"What shop do you recommend?","neutral"
"I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.","disappointment"
"I would watch that so hard. But I'm sure what's left of LuLaRoe and other MLMs will do whatever they can to stop it.","annoyance"
"And [NAME] said trust but verify, which is what the House will do.","neutral"
"I did that my first day of middle school (got off at high school instead) but that's probably because I'm an idiot","disappointment"
"Very fake news.","disgust"
"That's so sad.","disappointment"
"I was in Amsterdam two weeks ago and 400 sq ft apartments were renting for 1800 euros a month in the city. They have density but no affordability.","neutral"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **7th Cakeday** Korrk! ^(hug)","excitement"
""almost" and "nagging" not "killed" and "forced". Wow... When did roleplayers get so damn whinny. ","neutral"
"I remember the first time one of my friends tried to explaine Minecraft to our group during lunch. I think I was in highschool at the time.","confusion"
"And please do not dab unless you are at bingo.","disapproval"
"Sold bridges and essential oils?? Please elaborate on this reference man. I ask because it’s hilarious and I’d love for it to be original","curiosity"
"I've been expecting that forever edit: gave up on that one","annoyance"
"Insecurities exist even for people that are attractive. Even hot people are just like everyone else.","realization"
"[NAME] who voted for [NAME] I voted for sicko mode","confusion"
"It’s a rough time I hope your Ex wife gets better.","optimism"
"Jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality.","neutral"
"Ohhhhh that couple!","surprise"
"Hahahaha. This. This right here. 😂","amusement"
"Really? I thought he hated Mou.","anger"
"Why is this being downvoted lol?","disapproval"
"I can relate to that. I cant stay focused enough. Concentration is hard yo","neutral"
"Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?","gratitude"
"The story fits here -- arrogantly oblivious customers from a different viewpoint.","joy"
"You sound jealous as fuck. Work hard and you too can drive a nice car.","caring"
"50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again","confusion"
"I don't think you're allowed to administer a vaccine to someone who is sick/injured.","sadness"
"Haha I was about to say damn she straight up eviscerated her in between bites.","joy"
"We have cookies!!!","neutral"
">[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.","neutral"
"Do you not see the blatant hypocrisy of this post?","confusion"
"If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?","annoyance"
"Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.","excitement"
"It looked like something on her etsy. Maybe I'm wrong, I just looked it up under her username","anger"
"Wow. Forget the separation, lawyer up and go straight to divorce. ","anger"
"Yeah having a camp invetory was something i already wished they add to the game, the crafting part i did not think of..","neutral"
"While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.","desire"
"This is just a terrible joke","sadness"
"I picked it so it forced me to stay anonymous.","approval"
"HOLY SHIT CHANCE","anger"
"We're not a cult, so long as he apologizes and sees the fault in his actions, I see no reason to ban him.","neutral"
"Thanks man! You rule.","admiration"
"You must be new around here.","confusion"
"At least you went out with a bang.","neutral"
"Real-life goblin checking in. It’s very demoralizing.","sadness"
"I feel you, names are the worst. ","disgust"
"The only time petty revenge backfired lol at least from what I understood unless I missed something","amusement"
"Thanks, I'll have a look and see what they offer","gratitude"
"[Serious] I'm fairly certain this poster has Asperger's Syndrome or OCD or some other mental disorder. He obsessively fixates on really really weird subjects.","neutral"
"I vote to now refer to him as [NAME] from now on due to his newfound confidence","admiration"
"Ahh giving cc when no one asked for how nice of you.. /s","admiration"
"What's worse is using self destruct without the pilot DLC. You just die :(","annoyance"
"They both have water wings on is she trying to kill them","neutral"
"This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!","approval"
"This is beautiful and heartbreaking :(","approval"
"oh thats a good one ;)","admiration"
"Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one","neutral"
"This is just a stupid question. The answer is who cares? [NAME] is on an entirely different level from [NAME].","annoyance"
"I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys","neutral"
"Where’s the joke? I can’t even figure out why someone would laugh at this.","confusion"
"Who do you have in mind?","curiosity"
"One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink","amusement"
"I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.","admiration"
"What do you mean","confusion"
"You are megalophobic, my friend. Welcome to the club.","admiration"
"He only said that to piss [NAME] off because he wanted her to kill him and put him out of his misery. He’s a good guy.","neutral"
"There was a fuel station near mine where they put the fuel in the wrong underground tanks. So you can at least unload it wrong.","annoyance"
"But some people are not on that subreddit, he is just reminding all the people in the [NAME] faction","approval"
"Yeah that's where I think the problem lies. It's that I don't really want to be open to others.","nervousness"
"Well this is frustrating.","anger"
"This right here is the kind of father I want to be. Thanks for that.","gratitude"
">Doctor: So do you cancel a lot of plans you make with friends >Me: uh technically no","disgust"
"you couldn't make a more unsubstantiated claim even if you tried","disapproval"
"A tshirt. I actually bought the cutest shirt that has a nasa logo on it and it says I just need some space. I love it.","love"
"That is always a black box to fans too - let’s say they pull the trigger, we have no idea if any of these reports are real","neutral"
"After he left the bus, the two harpies sat next to each other and discussed why they were unable to find a decent man.","neutral"
"Remember folks, you can visit to report rule breaking behaviors including brigading and harassment. Do your part to help stop abuse on Reddit!","confusion"
"I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.","disgust"
"hope they had fun in the snow!","optimism"
"Lol at the self-own of thinking “literally” is a “big word”, with a cherry of being too stupid to understand the context on top.","amusement"
"You’re your own worst enemy","neutral"
"Thanks! Definite props to him because he was pulling a double shift when we were at the capacity of campers.","admiration"
"As a Jeep driver, I constantly have to remind other Jeep drivers that 4WD/AWD only makes a difference when driving. Everyone has 4-wheel stop.","neutral"
"If [NAME] is being considered for all defense, [NAME] needs more love too","love"
"She went backwards on the board.","neutral"
"Feels good man","joy"
"I love the small hole in the clouds with the moon (sun?) peeking through","love"
"Indiana resident here: fuck this state.","annoyance"
"Right. All a delusion in order to control people.","approval"
"Wow... I’m so glad that my dog is lazy like me.","realization"
"You’re right but territories haven’t been around for decades","approval"
"That's not what he meant. He means the use of a lot of different hashtags.","disapproval"
"This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.","annoyance"
"Have nobody thought of the giant tech corporation selling overpriced, inferior products to sheep customers? That's odd.","neutral"
"Yes I do. Two bartenders can easily bring home $4k a month each.","neutral"
"No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.","approval"
"he didnt miss that","neutral"
"*ads even more trashier","neutral"
"Reacting to [NAME] at this point just makes me feel worse about the artist.","disgust"
"Ok, if that's what you think. I'm just a bystander at this point and laughing at how angry people are getting.","amusement"
"Do you ever get extremely inspired at night, make plans and then wake up with no drive at all? Or is this just a general thing? ","curiosity"
"I guessed this","confusion"
"It's not much what you say but how you say it and the tone you use, children absorb more the emotion rather than the logic behind it","neutral"
"My dad doesn’t believe in climate change. This is way too accurate.","approval"
"Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)","remorse"
"They've all fucked your mother. Just ask them.","sadness"
"She probably has a kid by now.","confusion"
"My dude looks like he's done with this WWE business","neutral"
"I'm actually surprised it stayed up. We already got a shitpost thread yesterday. I though the limit was one per week.","surprise"
"Everyone knows the original and true ending to dodgeball had [NAME] losing in the end.","neutral"
"hell yeh dude","neutral"
"Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!","admiration"
"Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!","gratitude"
"Forget every single acronym and buzz word from TRP. Never think using that terminology.","neutral"
"My two favorite things, The Office and The Show. combined in one reference. Life is good.","love"
"[NAME] has some great videos on the guy. He's definitely a piece of work.","admiration"
"You’re now banned from /r/starwars and some YouTube channels","neutral"
"There's zero defending [NAME], he's worse than [NAME]","neutral"
"It’s amazing what can happen if you work and want to win.","admiration"
"Probably not, and I'm fine with that. Not exactly the position nor type of person a rebuilding team needs. ","approval"
"Man I hate kids","anger"
"I live in Raleigh and all the Canes fans I know love it. So the players love it and the fans love it. Everyone else can chill","annoyance"
"Famous for his 3-4 Defense","admiration"
"Lol dont mess with [NAME]!","amusement"
"Yeah, maybe if they add [NAME] and [NAME]...","joy"
"I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!","love"
"What kind of book","neutral"
"How do you know he likes beer. Did he ever once state that he likes beer?","love"
"Be prepared for many old men to hit on you","optimism"
"This is the worst take I have ever heard on cooking ever.","disappointment"
"Uh, you can’t see the grille?","annoyance"
"Leave it alone hopefully it won't pop overnight","neutral"
"Glad he's still balling, better than [NAME] for sure. I would have liked to have kept him just cos I liked how hard he played. ","neutral"
"i mean I love the smell of race fumes","love"
"i love it but i hate everything around it. I want to theorycraft a deck with all the cards i want without having to spend money.","desire"
"Thanks ill try those things. I have access to adhd meds but i began losing a kit of weight with my chronic illness too","approval"
"Honestly it sounds exhausting being married to him. Maybe it will be better for you in the long run.","neutral"
"Isn't North Dakota more important? Or are they just the sacrificial canary in the coal mine?","confusion"
"Nobody would flop like that in practice","approval"
"i was there in october and i was shocked at the amount of people on the interstate just casually browsing facebook while driving.","surprise"
"So so cute she will love it so much. Trust me, little sentimental things like that mean a lot","admiration"
"I have no idea Lmao. One of the kids at my school shared it. 16. Actually cares about politics. So L","caring"
"On being 3x over the speed limit while under the influence, that alone makes him very guilty of something wrong. Thanks for the additional information.","gratitude"
"He thought of it but we don't want his mother's house to be wrecked by the staff.","neutral"
"Do i just need to watch just 'some' or all of them, oh and what about his books? I gotta buy them too right?","confusion"
"How done is she? (Check all that apply) [ ] Done. [ ] So Done. [ ] She can’t even.","neutral"
"I hate [NAME] and [NAME] for what they've done to this franchise. And I'm growing to hate [NAME] as well.","anger"
"weirdly enough drug addicts are still human beings, shocking I know ","surprise"
"OC, my friend...They May circle back. [NAME] will have complete control in TB. ","neutral"
"Sources suggest some very shady characters agree with you OP. What do you have to say for yourself?","neutral"
"I fear it is already too late if he already uses words that should hurt but really don't because of their misuse.","neutral"
"[NAME] is not good enough to get that angry.","anger"
"Cant wait to see it buddy!","curiosity"
"Poor cat.","sadness"
"GIVE HIM ALL THE MINUTES","neutral"
"I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally. ","excitement"
"Worse. They told us to mind our own business","anger"
"Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.","joy"
"If I fail, I still have some experiences with tracking down people. Might come in handy if I ever want to work for the police :P","optimism"
"I for one am with you on this train. I loved [NAME] man but this sub is losing its damn mind lol","amusement"
"This better be a troll because if not, you are the most obnoxious, self centered, asinine person on this face of this planet.","optimism"
"I just don’t see why he pushed me leave with him so bad just to dip when I did","anger"
"so you can't state it definitively, therefore you think it's a possibility so i was right all along. i thought so","neutral"
"Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.","admiration"
"That's incredible. There was 3000 last I checked just over 2 years ago.","admiration"
"Got it!","excitement"
"it's no big deal. don't worry. everything will be alright.","caring"
"When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...","anger"
"You're so special and quirky :D","admiration"
"Wow. Very thorough explanation. Thanks!","admiration"
"Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄","neutral"
"Oh shit I didn't even connect those dots!","realization"
"I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️","confusion"
"That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done! ","admiration"
"[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME] + [NAME] was fun. ","amusement"
"Man, [NAME]. What a shame that trainwreck turned out to be. ","neutral"
"Well thats survival sweety. Run away live to fight another day. You on the other hand are the one that learns the hard way and ends up dying first!","nervousness"
"They believed in themselves, and clutched up. Let’s get it","neutral"
"Never happened to me. Seems it would feel weird.","optimism"
"Do you hate China then?","curiosity"
"He's not surprised they spent money, he's wondering how much they paid to have this much penetration of their marketing.","curiosity"
"[NAME] 10 year challenge is looking good!","admiration"
"Seems to be fake. Checked the Morning Mix website, no articles from Nov 13^(th) 2018 that match the title shown.","annoyance"
"my first thought as well. they look completely recognizable to me.","realization"
"Can't stand having sex with you...?? Just horrible thing to say... You deserve better!!!","annoyance"
"Wow, that's clunky.","admiration"
"That...that was way more disturbing than the top level sub. What the fuck?","anger"
"You remember this sub on the month of release? it was an absolute shitstorm","annoyance"
"What a loon","annoyance"
"That's a lot of assumptions. My local post is exceedingly lazy.","remorse"
"Oh boy yeah","neutral"
"Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.","approval"
"Stoop Kid’s afraid to leave his stoop!","fear"
"Extremely painful to watch","sadness"
"Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.","fear"
"Need some new prog material, I'm stoked to listen to it!","desire"
"Half our NATO partners have banned them or are in the process of doing so. I am confident we will do the right thing.","pride"
"You said you're in college, right? What are you majoring/minoring in? ","neutral"
"Thanks for your kind words, I really appreciate it and I hope you're right.","gratitude"
"And stole your ice cream","neutral"
"Yes I keep hearing it’s a great and eye opening read so it on my to read list. thanks 👍","approval"
"They don't want to date you, they want you as a furry sex toy ","joy"
"Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.","disappointment"
"NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!","joy"
"Nearly every malicious compliance is a petty revenge story.","embarrassment"
"You get her off 3 times and she doesn't finish you? That seems very selfish.","neutral"
"Wow she’s getting a spud in the head the next time I see her!","admiration"
"plus what if something went missing? even if they didn't steal anything it would be an awkward moment.","curiosity"
"Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.","disgust"
"No worries, thanks for replying back! Rotary means you teach one subject and see different classes instead of teaching multiple subjects to the same class :)","approval"
"Welcome to religion 101","excitement"
"Yeah no more concussions in Madden now. Only non head related injuries occur.","relief"
"Love you too","love"
"My goodness. Your such a fucking manchild.","anger"
"I have no idea what arbitration even is but I'm going to react poorly","confusion"
"Well boys. I am going to actually be productive I think. [NAME]. You destroyed poor [NAME] spirit.","admiration"
"Never listen to songs with someone you love. Just don't. Trust me.","disapproval"
"I have a bad feeling about this.","grief"
"i’ve heard great things from the people who actually saw it. Thriller is my favorite genre so it seems right up my alley","admiration"
"[NAME] hears bible verses and is like "fuck this shit"","disgust"
"I'm guessing "Corporate Stooge" didn't focus group well.","realization"
"the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.","admiration"
"Congrats! Make one extra payment a year and you’ll have it paid off in 15 years instead of 30.","gratitude"
"[NAME] is an inside player","neutral"
"I have no clue either","confusion"
"Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.","admiration"
"Ugh the fans smh","neutral"
"Your girlfriend is cruel and emotionally manipulative. Get the hell out and don’t let anyone else treat you like a dirty little secret again.","disgust"
"I wish this was animated.","desire"
"I was just joking...","amusement"
"Ugh the amount of mismanaged shame, the Olympic level gymnastics to deny deny deny....it makes my eye twitch. ","neutral"
"Anyways. Weird behaviour of it when it was happening is that it hid itself when the video was paused then reappeared as the video continued.","annoyance"
"Right. He didn't even say a word. I feel like I've seen this before tho.","realization"
"I love the way he looks at them to see if he should keep panting.","love"
"Oh nice. What lvl on Siege?","curiosity"
"An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.","neutral"
"Such grace.","neutral"
"Yes owe I believe 13,000$ something on it currently.","approval"
"I like him 1.thats why I agree to go on a 2nd and 3rd date, 2. we text a lot. I just take things slow.","admiration"
"You think only a -couple- people use fgt hatefully?","curiosity"
"Can I see the video with these two? For... research","confusion"
"WHO DAT!","neutral"
"That was a very well put together video, entertaining and informative. [NAME] is a national treasure.","admiration"
"We occasionally awake from our routines and wonder if we are still alive.","optimism"
"Hey, come on! You did me twice! ","neutral"
"I dunno man. Guitar picks and baby pacifiers both seem to enter the quantum realm as soon as their dropped.","neutral"
"Wow! Congrats! I am really proud of you. Hopefully you feel better soon. What an awesome momma ♥️","excitement"
"Let the liar lie, it's more fun to watch.","amusement"
"honestly i don’t mind it but ik some people do and i rly don’t care enough to get into that","caring"
"I feel like she’s going to defect sometime between now and when the baby is 6 months old... I hope she sees the light! 💛","optimism"
"If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.","fear"
"I've never heard [NAME] complain about *post*-marital sex. So after you get a divorce, tear off your clothes and indulge your lusts!","annoyance"
"Agreed haha.","amusement"
"This one got me. 💀","approval"
"I remember one guy on the show being labeled as "[NAME] son" so I"m not sure what that's about.","confusion"
"I think he has way more to fear from [NAME] than from U.S. people.","neutral"
"AMAZING!! I can’t wait for your talking head!","admiration"
"It's time to trade our expiring deals and finally rebuild properly. Dont let me down Weltham!","disapproval"
"I wholeheartedly agree with you. I suspect that children this age don't quite understand this","approval"
"my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way","disgust"
"It's interesting to watch what happens to people when they find out how easy it is to get on TV and get paid.","approval"
"Oh [NAME]. someone finally posted something I can't bring myself to finish reading, it's too much","surprise"
"Ah yes, consent is when they awkwardly laugh off an unsolicited sexual encounter!","amusement"
"Can I stay with you if I fly down next season?","confusion"
"We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.","approval"
"[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!","love"
"whoops I still hope they press that legislation though","desire"
"I am an older guy just trying to meet good chat buddies. Pm me if interested","optimism"
"yah [NAME] is well-known knock out artist. What's your favorite KO/TKO of his in the UFC? Oh wait....","curiosity"
"I always thought filet mignon had bacon and garlic butter. Colour me surprised Deliberately ignoring anything to do with the minion","surprise"
"His reaction makes it seem like a training video","neutral"
"Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)","excitement"
"Thus confirming that trump supporters dont actually know how the US Gov works.","neutral"
"Love it or hate it. That kid is a hero","admiration"
"That's not justification to keep doing it. Also this would be the purview of the Democratic party since it's the primaries we're talking about.","neutral"
"Thanks, now where's eyebleacher?","neutral"
"That does make sense. I just hate that it led to him dumping me over them.","annoyance"
"Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.","annoyance"
"Right. He didn't even say a word. I feel like I've seen this before tho.","realization"
"Stantler? It's one of the weaker gen 2 designs I guess. It'd be better if its nose wasnt so stupid","neutral"
"A good character driven story? I don't think this guy watched the same movie as we did.","confusion"
"The day I get the phone call: "your Nmom/Ndad/Nbrother have passed away." "Fuuuuuuuuuuucking ***FINALLY***"","disgust"
"Hey. Maybe talking can help you last till then. What's bothering you?","disappointment"
"I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!","love"
"A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!","approval"
"Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]","disgust"
"Her little baby frown is adorable","admiration"
"That's without the Observant feat as well which knocks an extra 5 on it","neutral"
"Well that sucks lmao","amusement"
"Whoa you are on a big brain level!!","surprise"
"That proposed sub name took me way too long to figure out .","annoyance"
"You have to spit into a plastic vial. It would take some decent effort to pull that off.","neutral"
"Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show","neutral"
"When they stop showing literally every big Viking loss in these games.","disappointment"
"She looks just like that dude from Santa Clarita Diet","neutral"
"I personally prefer FIT to refer to these kinds of transphobes: Feminist-Identifying Transphobe.","neutral"
"I keep giggling cause I’m imagining them fitting together like a puzzle...","amusement"
"I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.","optimism"
"Or you could y'know just be a nice person and respect other people's opinions and likes? ^Since ^you ^clearly ^have ^plenty ^of ^your ^own","admiration"
"I love [NAME] so much","admiration"
"I have literally been waiting for a “ [NAME]” I’m from Ontario Canada and love Texas.","desire"
"My dog seems uncomfortable when I don’t. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","neutral"
"Bless his heart","love"
"Exactly what I was thinking. "Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then"","disappointment"
"Lol... that is awesome.","amusement"
"Lmao!!!! Oh this is too good.","admiration"
"No lol. It’s a personal preference.","disapproval"
"It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess","disappointment"
"I assume not unless he gets premonitions of future memes.","disapproval"
"If you want to know what kind of people her parents are you can google her. He name is [NAME]","realization"
"Im glad I am able to help others, even if its just yourself. Stay strong and look after yourself. You can do this 💪","approval"
"oh I thought you were calling OP loser my bad","realization"
"Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try","annoyance"
"Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/","neutral"
"Should be coming this year with MW4. It's now or never","approval"
"Very well said. I am no fan of pinkers "everything is awesome" narrative of the modern world either.","admiration"
"The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.","admiration"
"happy cake day!","excitement"
">arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.","desire"
"Doesnt matter. Nobody sees me crying anyway when I always lock myself in my room.","neutral"
"Did you guys notice that one of the headlines on the magazine from the last act said "A real life marvel" I loved that little detail honestly","curiosity"
"Thanks. I will come to you with all of my apple-related questions!","gratitude"
"Hahahaha. This. This right here. 😂","amusement"
"I find that fascinating considering that racism and sexism so often intersect.","realization"
"How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?","curiosity"
"yeah, a little bit.","approval"
"She looks like that in every photo","realization"
"Thank you. I really appreciate your response","gratitude"
"Armenian elves are known for their thick skin and mouth-breathing. This one seems stoned, I’d stay away from it.","neutral"
"Till they bark at the racists in your subreddit","neutral"
"These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.","anger"
"I'm not sure she says "my", we'll have more occasions of hearing it again though :)","neutral"
"Wait... so you do or don't have Cole Madison news? I heard he became a [NAME] and he's living in Thailand.","neutral"
"What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!","approval"
"Haha, thats brilliant.","joy"
"For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons","caring"
"Big Mac looked good. Mojo looked alright, especially for his first game in a while.","neutral"
"The world needs a lil crazy","desire"
"Tonight the phoenix named [NAME] will rise from the ashes of last season. The last few games was just him poking his head out.","neutral"
"I just want him to be successful though...I dont think he wants to be at this point","caring"
"Last time I tried exposure at the grocery store I ended up with eight weeks community service.","neutral"
"Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world","neutral"
"For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out. ","disappointment"
"Read the title of this post. I said ugly people can be LIKED. But people don’t truly FALL IN LOVE with physically unattractive people","neutral"
"What is his endgame? People are talking about him but this just makes him look bad.","confusion"
"OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s","fear"
"Free will is about not having to justify everything you do. It's about spontaneity. It's about doing things just because.","neutral"
"Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.","gratitude"
"I did rank them above protista.","approval"
"I would love it if someone broke that record because that would mean Real would’ve gained another extraordinary player like him. Haha.","love"
"what a stupid opinion","annoyance"
"He ded?","neutral"
"[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.","annoyance"
"Am I not supposed to have what I want? What I need?!?","curiosity"
"One of my favourite [NAME] moments","love"
"Did you accidentally buy the Australian model of the camera?","neutral"
"reddit was having server issues","realization"
"Interesting read. Thanks for sharing","admiration"
"“My tree people need meeeee!!”","neutral"
"Most of them seem to be the evangelical type who even think the pope is [NAME].","disapproval"
"I will aspire to know the truth. Do not worry. and I will pray to [NAME].","approval"
"Would need the #1 overall in 2 years... should try to get a first in next years draft for AB and hope that team tanks","confusion"
"...and that's just the reaction to them introducing themselves","neutral"
"At least he was polite - "please" fuck off! ","disgust"
"Never once is it implied that the birds can sense crazy people.","amusement"
"Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!","admiration"
"True story? Haha","amusement"
"You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA","disappointment"
"It’s shocking if you’re a bad electrician.","optimism"
"....it’s just raining on my face","excitement"
"Stoicism isn't a bad thing. The idea that all men HAVE to be or by nature are stoic is.","disapproval"
"Im sure you’ll love it","approval"
"[NAME] in AHS Roanoke takes that spot for me. [NAME] was painful to listen to","neutral"
"Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG","neutral"
"Wha? I'd love more background on this.","joy"
"[NAME] loves his Starbucks!","neutral"
"Drives me crazy.","excitement"
"Would you move your car if told not to drive?","curiosity"
"Looks nice but will wait for a PVE dedicated map as that’s more my jam.","admiration"
"I won’t but if I tell him to have a threesome didn’t I open the door for him to cheat","embarrassment"
"Single payer is not what they have in Canada or the UK.","neutral"
"Yeah. You probably dint [NAME] the cut. Sorry :-(","approval"
"Love how he stops and embraces the pole.","embarrassment"
"Damn I wish I we're friends with [NAME]. I could use 197k","desire"
"And that’s assuming all your organs are in good condition, if you smoke or drink heavily you are likely losing lots of value.","caring"
"I mean the whole discussion is about sales soooo...","neutral"
"I feel so much safer when my doctors are only abusing prescription medication... /s","caring"
"All children should be given the option to learn about how to effectively use the rights they’re entitled to.","approval"
"Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha","gratitude"
"vs [NAME] analysis. I guess [NAME] has basis to say that he thought he won.","optimism"
"SUCH A NICE GUY.","admiration"
"You know the bulks going well when you ate that much last night that breakfast is a struggle","desire"
"wow, we really live in future","admiration"
"Wow, way to disregard history completely.","approval"
"That's what is so stupid about this. My dog gets dreads on its ass sometimes when it poops. Is that appropriation?","annoyance"
"I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)","sadness"
"Fake news! He only serves the Bigliest Macs!","neutral"
"Get better jobs","neutral"
"Weird game lol","amusement"
"You seem jealous","realization"
"Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.","optimism"
"WHY DID DSJ PASS THERE, YOU COULD'VE FINISHED AT THE BASKET IN TRANSITION REEEEEEE","caring"
"the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!","anger"
">The Charisma Myth" It's bullshit too.","anger"
"Oh, true ","approval"
"Less of “It’s my baby too” and more of “it’s an innocent living being and you want to murder it”.","neutral"
"I mean, she is","neutral"
"Not talking about [NAME] as I've barely seen any of that, just the implication that [NAME] got a lot of new mixups","neutral"
"He’d probably be on best behavior... for a while.","optimism"
"This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS","love"
"...PLAY DESPACITO","neutral"
"Given the current state of our relations with SA, I would submit that judges should probably deny bail to Saudi citizens accused of serious crimes here in Canada.","neutral"
"Good luck! It's a long road ahead for us :P i have a job interview next week and i'm going all in for it.","excitement"
"Good luck!!! 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜","optimism"
"Well if he takes his daughter to a nightclub then that’s a bit inappropriate","annoyance"
"Has he?","neutral"
"“Don’t discipline my kid!”","anger"
"I think they're fine people but I don't want to date one again because it's just a pain re:eating.","confusion"
"How do you know they are [NAME]? Where they caught? Maybe a cat? It's just some crazy person?","curiosity"
">like it's a bannable offense A Singed man has actually been ~~banned~~ threatened by Riot for going support with smite and counter-jungling the opponent jungler.","anger"
"Lol. What a great way to start off the morning","amusement"
"I'd say it was a rather critical observation, so yeah, scrutiny.","fear"
"Did you buy a new saddle as well. Also need to go to settings and set as default or make it active.","caring"
"M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.","gratitude"
"I did this with tuna salad. I already ate tuna a lot (at the time) and it’s a decently blank slate.","neutral"
"Keep in mind that being frugal is the best place to learn about all of that.","admiration"
"Grab her testicles","neutral"
"Theres no way 88% did that grossness.","disapproval"
"when you want a switch, you want a switch i guess","neutral"
"1 goal doesn’t make up for the point you lost us [NAME]","neutral"
"Found my flair.","joy"
"Hmmm.. this is kind of interesting that our name was even thrown into this mix.","approval"
"Don't, it's shit compared to the original. It's rather WATERed down :P Jokes aside it isn't as good.","anger"
"Pretty sure they claimed he resisted arrest. If I remember correctly he was just peacefully sitting on the curb when the cops decided he was resisting.","disapproval"
"The men that you grew up around sound pretty insensitive. I hope that they didn’t cloud your opinion of what a typical man is like.","disapproval"
"Wrong, it's not 365 days a year. Once every four years, it's 366 days a year.","neutral"
"Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.","disapproval"
"Religion is the biases for more hate; wars; discrimination; bigotry and poverty than any other entity in the world, with the exception of central banking.","realization"
"I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.","admiration"
"The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.","surprise"
"I find that even when I wear a hat, I "look [RELIGION]" and get the same hate.","embarrassment"
"he was stellar the Memphis game down the stretch. honestly forgot about that","neutral"
"Oh good lord what did I create","remorse"
"My biggest pet peeve is blown saves.","neutral"
"Grew up watching avatar and [NAME] is one of my favorite video game protagonists, especially when RDR2 came out. ","neutral"
"You're so right. It's unbelievable how well generalizations work for this game.","neutral"
"Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem. ","disapproval"
"Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.","gratitude"
"The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.","disgust"
"What's he building in there?","neutral"
"Yay we start off with the love triangle!","neutral"
"Sorry !! You’re real good at that!!","admiration"
"They needed to insert the phrase “over maintenance” in there.","neutral"
"I care. How are you today?","caring"
"Cheese *noun* 1. That cheese shit they put on pizza.","neutral"
"Do You Shit Fart?","neutral"
"Too bad that's not the case. I'm happy I'll one day die.","anger"
"Lol, ..probably not. But then again, i never wanted to know what blue waffles were and somehow i do. ","amusement"
"Just threaten to tell the bishop your roommate is a porn addict. 80% chance it's true.","fear"
"Yes, you just push. I've been having periods for 29 years (bloody hell) and I've never managed to get to grips with applicators.","annoyance"
"I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.","disapproval"
"Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔","neutral"
"Lol kill me now","amusement"
"I hope you find him, but WHY didn't you exchange numbers???","optimism"
"Post paid. It's very temperamental on when and how it's gonna work.","confusion"
"But did you see my friend sent me a picture of [NAME] trying to tell me he's having a baby","curiosity"
"Followup comment that not-so-subtly requests gold by feigning ignorance or pandering to the pathos of uninspired premium redditors.","approval"
"For futures sake, if someone is in the Midwest, where would we opt to play? ","neutral"
"Oh my bad I starting typing before you posted it","anger"
">there may be some toxic tendencies Everyone has some toxic tendencies, toxic is a pretty vague word.","disapproval"
"I guess the trick is not to eliminate susceptibility to 51% but to minimize it extremely.","realization"
"How are we playing, just tuned in","confusion"
"Removed, anyone have a mirror or archive?","curiosity"
"😂 I’m a [NAME] with a Mexican wife...Based on your comments however that’s all you see and it’s disgusting. GTFO racist","disgust"
"It’s $7 is what it is. Which thrills me","surprise"
"you can tell she's insanely insecure by her body language and they way she poses for pics.","neutral"
"[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.","joy"
"Great, glad to hear most socialists are hypocrites who ascribe supernatural outcomes to their ideology","admiration"
"With lots of meaningful communication comes intimacy. With intimacy all things ARE possible.","neutral"
"That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.","neutral"
"Wah, the poor dead fascist thug! What a fucking tragedy. Every dead cop makes the world a safer place.","annoyance"
"This is why bars should have poly nights. It would be nice to be in a room of like minded people, maybe they will talk to me.","desire"
"Imagine caring about last laugh This post was made by the warlord gang.","approval"
"Damn. Saving your post","neutral"
"[NAME] out? [NAME] is losing his mind!","disappointment"
"You are the expert.","admiration"
"From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in","annoyance"
"RIGHT?! My mom would literally never forgive the bitch 😂","amusement"
"Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.","approval"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"Maybe the [NAME] curse isnt real, but the [NAME] curse sure as hell is. We dont want any [NAME] on the cover!!","annoyance"
"damn. Thanks!","gratitude"
"I like how u/FThumb is pissed that this got linked like the bros don’t ever brigade other subs","neutral"
"The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.","sadness"
"Yes congratulations that was the joke.","amusement"
"[NAME] missed a wide open [NAME] below the rim. Dude needs to pass the ball more.","neutral"
"I am mad that I did not come up with the Toewster.","annoyance"
"The black beans were there hidden within the rice!! :) gotta love those legumes","love"
"Love the username","love"
"Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?","approval"
"For me it's New York City FC since it's just a train ride away","approval"
"Probably a disclaimer so if they're 2mm short and your cut doesn't work, they can just point at the sign and refuse a refund/return/exchange.","neutral"
"So I said earlier that this team was boring without [NAME] lately. I take that back after the last two games.","disappointment"
"Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people","optimism"
"[NAME] is too gullible for his own good.... watch out [NAME] definitely not a friend too","neutral"
"Wow so much younger but he sounds mature","surprise"
"This tweet birthed the thread that birthed the legendary “I won best burlesque of the year 2018”. Bless.","admiration"
"Fantastic read, thanks for the insights! ","gratitude"
"Honestly never seen one as dumb as this.","anger"
"It doesn’t work as well as you’d think, but thanks either way","gratitude"
"I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.","confusion"
"[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?","anger"
"Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm. ","approval"
"> Good thing I know who controls the HOA. . . . the [NAME]?","admiration"
"For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.","approval"
"Funny coincidence that Kingdom Hearts 3 released alongside another RE game yet again. Someone should contact [NAME] to make a sequel","neutral"
"Like this isn’t even an attempt at a joke. It’s just two statements. Holy brain dead inta “memes”.","neutral"
"Can you imagine being the person in this costume #mascotlivesmatter","curiosity"
"I feel like the cameraman is having a seizure or something","optimism"
"He must really hate changing dies.","anger"
"That's hot ... *Notices tags* "Fooled again ÒwÓ"","neutral"
"yeah, that sounds about right. [NAME] [NAME] come in here and downvote this to hell for being mean","neutral"
"[NAME] is POG indeed. I was kinda hoping to see him join Paris Academy team though.","optimism"
"except that teenagers do give half a damn about what you think, because it gives them approval of their rebellious attitude","admiration"
"Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a men’s rights issue","neutral"
"Ok so how do I put money on this? Because I do not see Mac shelling out the goods to make that happen","neutral"
"Protests that don't disturb the status quo are ignorable.","neutral"
"> or the thief charges you and you get sued and charged for setting up a trap on your own property As you fucking **should.**","neutral"
"Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.","approval"
"What kind of book","curiosity"
"Thank you for the link I'm going to post their also","gratitude"
"Unfortunately for us it’s not too early. But if you want way too early 2020 draft discussion I’m really high on [NAME] from Wisconsin","neutral"
"This was a year where late breakers broke towards [NAME]. Whereas late breakers broke towards [NAME] in 2016. That explains how she did so well.","neutral"
"Is that peyote?","confusion"
"If I hear "not sorry, [NAME]" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]","disgust"
"Feminist narrative... it's always the mans fault even when he's helping someone out, sleeping, and gets murdered.","annoyance"
"Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!","annoyance"
"I need this in my veins now.","anger"
"Are you willing to donate to local organizations or do you want to focus on national? What issues do you want addressed?","confusion"
"I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns","annoyance"
"You have my good wishes and words of encouragement! There is so much wisdom in “one day at a time.”","gratitude"
"There's a lot like that though: I don't think so.","confusion"
"Damn for that much you may as well use a mobile plan unless you're doing something latency sensitive.","anger"
"No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language. ","neutral"
"Happy holidays used to refer to both Christmas and new years.","neutral"
"You're most welcome!","joy"
"Welcome to the fucking Pacific NW!","annoyance"
"Without Googling it? Are you kidding? (Please don't look up "kidding" in the dictionary.)","annoyance"
"One of the best single-hour segments of the show I've ever seen! I hope the next two are just as good! Let's go!","neutral"
"TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it. ","approval"
"Lol I always go with public speaking ("but I'm trying to be better at it!!"). ","amusement"
"Slovenia is awake and ready for some Mavs magic!","excitement"
"You got a reply you walnut, as the guy said, plenty people collaborated this info.","neutral"
"Progressives Warn Against [NAME] Trying To Get Elected In A Sharply Divided Nation","neutral"
"Maybe it's not over for you. Is there a gym for social awkwardness?","annoyance"
"Is there anything we can do to get people talking about making this a reality again?","neutral"
"On the plus side, at least you don’t waste alcohol and wake up hungover as hell at the Lions expense. ","disapproval"
"Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)","excitement"
"Beautiful face, but scenically over the top","gratitude"
"What strain?","curiosity"
"Hold off a bit, Dallas is in a big time housing bubble, wait for it to pop, then strike ","neutral"
"I continue to sub here only because your quips make me laugh","amusement"
"I have these high powered magnets...","pride"
"Nice work. I really want the full scene in this format.","desire"
"Not sure why this is sitting at -10. Thanks for your concise explanation of both sides.","gratitude"
"Wouldn't that be the western sky? Also very beautiful pic, OP.","admiration"
"> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.","gratitude"
"If he moved on, it’s time you do too. Plain and simple... your 15 years old... lots of time to find someone new.","approval"
">No other network/service does this! Uh Amazon does the same thing.","neutral"
"Ty for introducing me to The Barberettes, friend! The taste is *superb*","admiration"
"Yea the refs weren't terrible all game or anything","fear"
"Yes, but you don't need it to play.","approval"
"could've directed them to the employees. it's not hard especially if they're 3 inches from you","embarrassment"
"It’s good to see that all the [NAME] are relatively old, meaning they will all eventually die out.","grief"
"Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew","annoyance"
"it’s so weird to wear a blazer and khakis on a visit like that","neutral"
"Until they all do anyway and make reinstatement of licensure a condition of return.","neutral"
"If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.","caring"
"Probably people being inappropriate and making light that police officers are number 14 on the list of most dangerous jobs in the","disgust"
"It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.","anger"
"Fake was the right call either way.","approval"
"Most of them seem to be joking about the walls.","amusement"
"Can you link the apologies? Or do they not actually exist?","neutral"
"Very odd to wake up the next day and be like “I need to post about this on the internet now” too.","anger"
"I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.","sadness"
"What else did you expect?","confusion"
"I’m now getting the last of the tea out of my nose","neutral"
"I mean he's rockin the hell outta that porn 'stache","neutral"
"Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.","caring"
"Interesting, thanks for clarifying.","gratitude"
"I **LOVE** that the players are finally getting into the game. People feel invested! I like that!","love"
"Good idea, but unfortunately not running on the weekend. ","admiration"
"Amen, block all immigration.","approval"
"Pre ordered rather. Reveal was today","neutral"
"You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.","neutral"
"Every other week we hear about a different #1 ranked restaurant in the world. How many #1 ranked restaurants in the world are there?","curiosity"
"Interesting that despite not having absolute views you are absolutely all over here pushing the view it's [NAME] that's the problem","curiosity"
"I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!","approval"
"It's wonderful and gives me happy happy feels","admiration"
"I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.","surprise"
"That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD","grief"
"Right on, just making sure someone wasn't trying to steal your OC","caring"
"Im so hype for this game, ive been waiting for this for awhile","excitement"
"That really doesn't make much sense, the return couldn't have much to do with it.","neutral"
"That's a better love story than Twilight!","admiration"
"except the man with the drum APPROACHED THEM! seriously maybe if they hit him with a bike lock the way [NAME] did they wouldnt be covered","neutral"
"I like him","love"
"He was skinnu guy all his life, untill that transformation.","surprise"
"I know he will be, I'm just nervous. His face is just going to be so sad 😢","nervousness"
"I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time","approval"
"Id get fired to take a pic with the quadfather","disapproval"
"“Youre”.....Seth was so close...at least it wasn’t “your”","realization"
"Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says "cat sanctuary" and hang it above your front door. ","love"
"That's honestly what I thought too!!","approval"
"No problem, just wait until March and the site will be out.","caring"
"Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness","neutral"
"I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.","annoyance"
"is a recent article interesting read.","neutral"
"I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)","joy"
"Learn jukes, learn the killer's patterns (respecting pallets, doubling back, moonwalking, etc.) be resourceful and never waste pallets/windows ","neutral"
"No he’s right, the accents are the only thing similar, and even those aren’t.","confusion"
"It’s definitely around in Eastern Nebraska. You can even get it at Runza.","neutral"
"Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..","neutral"
"Daddy Patches!","neutral"
"The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.","anger"
"Searching for the booty builder. . [NAME] is in rare form.","neutral"
"You seem fun","amusement"
"Best post ever","admiration"
"Fucking hate [NAME]..","anger"
"Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.","joy"
"Have fun with that nos canister!❤️","amusement"
"Damn, we need healthy PGs.","annoyance"
"[NAME]?! Welcome to the show!!!","excitement"
"Well it does appear to be a gold/bronze Cadillac. And I think I see a flat bill in the front seat.","relief"
"My entire body aches now","disappointment"
"Sticking a road in the middle of someone's land just to satisfy your OCD seems pretty cruel.","neutral"
"A lovely bronze age mud hut, it's a British tradition.","admiration"
"lmao!!","amusement"
"I saw this entire movie on YouTube and loved it! But it doesn’t seem to be on YouTube anymore :/","love"
""Yeah look" like a toddler being surprised by his own genitals","neutral"
"Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win","approval"
"Nice try hom... oh no it’s real this time D:","gratitude"
"Or... Or you can eat mine.","approval"
"No way. With Milton back next year, they should be about as good. I’m expecting another undefeated or 1 loss season","neutral"
"This is me and my wife. She squeals with delight whenever it snows and I start looking for property in Arizona.","neutral"
"I wish more than anything that I was [NAME]","desire"
"Interesting, but I can't imagine it will be there long until someone steals or destroys it.","annoyance"
"I would say there is a very good chance he did not buy these drugs at a pharmacy.","disapproval"
"Lol get those pitchforks ready boys","joy"
"If he's still blaming [NAME] for his issues, the therapist is doing a bad job.","neutral"
"I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders","neutral"
"Annnnd that's too far. I think you should go home and rethink your life.","caring"
"Right, like what was wrong about a backhand there?","neutral"
"Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.","disapproval"
"oh yah, no worries. I appreciate your time and thoughtfulness. ","admiration"
"Welcome to religion 101","admiration"
"One of the most posted things on reddit. Please delete","annoyance"
"So, now that his chance of being PM is slipping away, he's going full [NAME] and invoking conspiracy theories. The man is scum.","neutral"
"[NAME] should worry you.","neutral"
"I actually really like [NAME]","admiration"
"[NAME] has to have a shot. Tough son of a bitch. Also [NAME] = [NAME].","disgust"
"So, [NAME] was also paying to allow her to eat healthier. Let’s look at the bright side! ","neutral"
"Wait until they find his bastard son, [NAME]. Birthed by his mistress, [NAME].","neutral"
"I did those things in real life and I've never had a single nightmare. Face your fears.","fear"
"Because that sub is for VLs.","neutral"
"Much appreciated! I'll surely come back and let everyone know what I find!","gratitude"
"Now I'm wondering on what I've been missing out. Again thank you for this.","gratitude"
"Especially the Lexus peeps. Just baffles me how they dash in their nice cars.","excitement"
"Street Samurai Koji and Ojiisan Koji are my personal favorites. Greased Lightning Koji is pretty fun as well.","amusement"
"So people will support him in this fake news quick reaction political environment","caring"
"I mean, okay...I don't support those so-called "religious liberty" laws, soo...there's that.","disapproval"
"The bot did its job. It’s me the awful one","approval"
"Unfortunately not. 😏","neutral"
"Oh neat! I didn't realize you guys shot it. I figured the company had set up a tripod. In that case I retract my complaint.","approval"
"Go back to class and show you're English teacher yore post. They'd have notes for ewe.","disapproval"
"I'm pretty excited to see how [NAME] develops. Appears that he could be a decent enough player in the future.","excitement"
"The only sub that’s really bad now is the GKS the others are fine actually.","disgust"
"That sounds simple and good","neutral"
"HOW DID I NOT THINK OF THIS","confusion"
"This blows. But I think [NAME] can do it alone if he gets a home health care assistant.","approval"
"I for one am with you on this train. I loved [NAME] man but this sub is losing its damn mind lol","anger"
"I like how old it is, like a vintage wine. Classssssy and aged to perfection.","love"
"True! He probably is just lonely. Thank you for the kind words :)","gratitude"
"Hillbilly is preeetty badly deformed, and he's got a secret brother in his shoulder, referring to him as "normal" just ain't right.","neutral"
"I don't remember this happening","realization"
"She always says the most basic things"wow he hit him" and her lisp is pretty annoying.","neutral"
"Is that your quote? Either way, I'll add this to my collection.","joy"
"You try reposting it?","curiosity"
"Felt like yesterday when they got married in that barn/bar/bistro. Truly the halcyon days.","neutral"
"Science damn you!","anger"
"Asexual and attractive","admiration"
"Bless you this post made me cry","neutral"
"I'm not sure losing billions in trade is in anyone's interest other that political zealots.","curiosity"
"No one has the stinky pinky when everyone has the stinky pinky.","realization"
"People can't afford my products, i'm not selling anything. Issue for the producer to reduce price","approval"
"Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace. ","admiration"
"That sub lost it's way a long time ago","neutral"
"I had 'tacos de cabeza' in Mexico — \x62\x65\x65\x66 head. All sorts of interesting bits like cheek, tongue, brain. Delicious. ","admiration"
"i get the joke and still think this sucks.","disapproval"
"1. Divine Speech by [NAME] and [NAME] 2. Also [NAME] book on the topic","neutral"
"A few coworkers think [NAME] will mount a challenge with fairly high effort on his part. No one thinks it will succeed as long as there's no massive events.","approval"
"I love this information!","love"
"groceries are getting crazy expensive","annoyance"
"I didn’t read your article but I suppose","neutral"
"Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.","disappointment"
"I miss wally he was so likeable","sadness"
"Oh, I think I misread it somewhere. Good news then! Hope [NAME] will use him next season. L","admiration"
"I can't stand having my motives questioned.","neutral"
"Also N.e.r.d and [NAME] reference lmao","neutral"
"Keep [NAME] and get [NAME]. Will have to give up a big.","neutral"
"who knows, maybe people are cold and a dumpster fire is exactly what they're looking for to warm their bones","neutral"
"Thanks for the help!","gratitude"
"Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].","realization"
"That's some animal cruelty right there, someone help this poor creature.","caring"
"How are they assholes?","anger"
"I have no idea how we are down by ONLY 13. Its truly a miracle.","confusion"
"And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!","neutral"
">slaps windshield This bad boy can fit so many Leds on it","amusement"
"I just started watching Brooklyn 99 this week and was looking for this reference. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Yeah, something them young‘ns won’t remember ","disapproval"
"Good job! Next, I recommend going NO contact.","admiration"
"LIBTARD SPOTTED!!! I CALL FOR YOU, [NAME]!!!","neutral"
"Just asked my 8 year old that goes to public school. He says they still say it.","neutral"
"[NAME] they need a union so badly.","disgust"
"Isn't the minimum 3 majors or something? I don't think he made the cut but I'd be happy to be proven wrong","curiosity"
"[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.","neutral"
"None that's why I asked. Glad to see your doing something and not just wishing or whining as that wont make it happen","excitement"
"[NAME] with the truth that reality show does not = relevance.","realization"
"> go build something. BCH devs are already building and improving a decentralized network! You should start doing the same!","admiration"
"Keep voting against your own interests. #maga!","optimism"
"So if the EU sent all its refugees over the open border into the UK that'd be just tickety boo?","curiosity"
"I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.","admiration"
"Just explain that you stopped at Costco on the way to the ship and they only sell in bulk.","neutral"
"That's memorial park. Mountain bike trails and the rugby pitch.","neutral"
"I think it's racist to call yourself or anyone European. If you're born on Earth, you're an [NAME], separating yourself is Racist.","neutral"
"I love it when people assume things.","love"
"Hot dang, this almost makes me want to go to the dentist. ","excitement"
"BALL DONT LIE","approval"
"I just looked for this sub so I could comment on how great he is.","admiration"
"Srsly, mountains in Netherlands?","curiosity"
"I've also heard that intriguing but also kinda scary","fear"
"nothing is set in stone. hope your ass off!","optimism"
"That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]","excitement"
"been there dont remember where exactly it is but so much fun","amusement"
"I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company","approval"
"Hm... I can't help you then. I always go cold-turkey from any addiction I decide to quit. :/ That doesn't work for everybody.","sadness"
"He’s too old for [NAME]","neutral"
"i dont know the system cause i never speak a word i have never had trouble with it i just wanna play the game","neutral"
"You are taking him out of context!!!","neutral"
"What a charming puddle of smegma.","love"
"Living is exhausting.","nervousness"
"I read these comments assuming the context was the Government. Actually it's probably accurate for both TWD and the Government.","realization"
"It is. I mean official translation is coming every 7 days, but leaks go day before (Korean)","approval"
"Can you apply to some kind of help within your university? Sorry this is happening to you.","remorse"
"Day 7 is tough... Not as tough as day 15 but tough","disappointment"
"Tbh it really is a long name. And pretty unusual for a ring name.","neutral"
"Who said anyone was white or black? Forget it, trumpie. You clowns don’t care about the truth. ","neutral"
"I don't wear panties. You'll need to describe the sensation.","neutral"
"I don't disagree, but if he's open he's gonna shoot","neutral"
"wow, here in Brazil people say the opposite of this phrase, also makes me mad","surprise"
"R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!","disapproval"
"Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.","joy"
"Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing","grief"
"I'm glad he's still watching","joy"
"[NAME] is the name I heard speculated on, but the reality is it'll be [NAME]. ","neutral"
"It's actually pretty fun, or it would be if it would run properly...","optimism"
"Thanks for catching that. Fixed.","gratitude"
"Why did you get it in the first place?","confusion"
"At least they got the ball back after the BS PI that was called. We just had to take it gave them kick the GW FG.","neutral"
"Yep. Two actually. Both older. Brother undiagnosed, sister diagnosed. It’s been a hellish nightmare... ","neutral"
"That is the stuff of nightmares...seriously.","surprise"
"True dat, I lost hope a LONG time ago","disapproval"
"Such a great moment. I love sports because you can always remember where exactly you were when great moments like this happened.","admiration"
"No it isn't. Not much than your OP. You just have nothing outside of your feelings.","neutral"
"Wait, so do you have a source or not? Genuinely curious, it’s been three comments since the other guy asked","curiosity"
"Damn that’s a big F from me :(","anger"
"Anecdotal evidence.","neutral"
"The caption says "tried", but it seems she actually did get away with not paying. What really happened?","neutral"
"That was indeed a good joke. My penis is happy","admiration"
"I am confused. I don't understand how that relates to what I said. Could you explain? Sorry, maybe I'm just tired lol","amusement"
"Nier 1 is 20-30 hours per playthrough. Nier Automata is about 10 hours per route.","neutral"
"Go play Farmville if you can't keep it up.","annoyance"
"I'd make that trade and I don't even like big macs.","neutral"
">I think this is the same for most people. Exactly.","approval"
"If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.","anger"
"Man it’s easy to cut your wiener off. Easy!","neutral"
"[NAME] is my favorite character so I’m super happy they did what they did and I’m very happy she used her semblance, finally. ","joy"
"I thought the sane until I got threatening emails from HR","neutral"
"Well for the relative dying, they can think the problem of evil is a contradiction and therefore not believe. That's legitimate","neutral"
"I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors. ","disapproval"
"i assume there will be a ring involved in this movie like his other 2 most recent films?","curiosity"
"Cool...so he threw 5 jump balls all season. He also threw the ball out of bounds about 60 times.","neutral"
"[NAME] was damn near 293 hoopin? Im dyin.","surprise"
"Fuck this team","anger"
"Don't make me talk about [NAME]... ...","disapproval"
"Intp:(","neutral"
"I love this idea","admiration"
"This is disturbing.","annoyance"
"I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!","approval"
"That’s what I was thinking but the few times I’ve had it happen I got far less than than long pickup + cancel.","surprise"
"She’s so gorgeous, I hate you too.","admiration"
"Glad that's settled","relief"
"I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!","disappointment"
"Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating","sadness"
"Looks like a cool location.","neutral"
"Ah, the other kind of dog.","realization"
"Hi, this is ISIS. Yes, we did that.","neutral"
"This team is fucking embarrassing.","annoyance"
"Sounds like another data point for "fear homo Sapiens", haha. ","amusement"
"I am impressed with how fast he located the position of the camera, that takes real skill inside Amway..","admiration"
"The wage, you Fucking troll. But you don't care do you? See your post history.","annoyance"
"Here you go, sis. be warned tho, top cringe.","neutral"
"I did. He wasn't. Y'all lost. Keep living in the past tho.","neutral"
"Oh boy....","neutral"
"That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.","disapproval"
"As a Dolphins fan this hurts me","disapproval"
"Is that proving Jewishness for Halakha or for the [RELIGION] Agency?","curiosity"
"I have to watch it. Sounds pretty cool hahaha","admiration"
"lots of games have already added what he's asking for, i don't know why he asked the question ","neutral"
"multicultural makeup'? There's the indigenous people, the [NAME], and the illegal settlers, don't make me laugh ","amusement"
"I legitimately want to brutally murder this person for saying that about us autistics","anger"
"Glad to see [NAME] getting a point, he's been overdue. Now for the 3rd period [NAME]? ","joy"
"Good for you, [NAME]! You deserved a nice drink to end a year where you made an impact in peoples lives! Cheers!","admiration"
"Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊","caring"
"I can’t tell who you’re referring to.","neutral"
"I can't imagine why anyone would hate this. It's beautiful.","admiration"
"[NAME] was born in Canada. Moved to Texas. We don't want credit for that melted brick of unsalted butter...","annoyance"
"YOU BLEEPING NEED ME! YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS SUB GREAT WITHOUT ME!","anger"
"PLQ is soon. Wanna focus up. That’s why only Splyce is I guess","neutral"
"Well the good news is once all the boomers die off you won't have any pesky old people to blame anymore.","grief"
"Pretty sure their subreddit makes one of these for every game. They're pretty legit.","admiration"
"Bro tip: If you try this but still can't find any 10s, you can still have an extremely mediocre threesome with 2 5s","neutral"
"Didn't you get the PM? Post to /r/CatsWithJobs instead. Edit: It's already been posted there actually.","curiosity"
"My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.","nervousness"
"bravo.. my friend.. bravo.. that was great!! I've never seen that before. That made my day.","excitement"
"Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry' ","annoyance"
"Looks sick actually.","annoyance"
"I love it (Blacklock holiday)","love"
"Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.","disappointment"
"Nope, in reality this does never happen indeed. Cant we see what the problem is here?","fear"
"100% rotation of troops.","neutral"
"I laughed. Finally","amusement"
"A demonstration of a product or technique. Destiny 2 base game is a demonstration of its actual content. Now, what is the definition of an opinion? ","confusion"
"Great. How about go fuck yourself moron, I’m making a great suggestion for a good reason despite you bitches.","admiration"
"They must do it giving their population and productions but we must remember that they are not the only responsible of their pollution.","neutral"
"Never doubt the crazy can get cranked up, as they say, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.","optimism"
"Your LPT is to save money by not buying cords but instead stealing them from work?","neutral"
"I’m sorry. Your city blows.","sadness"
"Yes but if you had scrolled down even an inch you would have seen pictures of his actual brother","approval"
"Ah ok I thought by terrific you mean terrific at reducing speeding since (I think) that is the policy objective. Cheers!","excitement"
"If you were under the old pay model you would disagree with that","neutral"
"Yes had the problem a month or so ago but has since gone away","approval"
"Lol I get it","amusement"
"Hey I just reposted this without reading it dont blame me for it putting boy friend","realization"
"Several of the scenarios in the ad were talking about intervening when boys were attacking/bullying other boys.","neutral"
"Fact: 2:28 I'll never ger back.","neutral"
"For both of us to be done school. To be in a secure spot financially.","neutral"
"Care to share your thought process ?","neutral"
"I wanna have sex with him in my normal body to see what that's like.","desire"
"Depends. Are your "toys" dildos and butt plugs? Or needles and strangers? ","curiosity"
"Sweet. This is the perfect article for my question.","admiration"
"Haha I was about to say damn she straight up eviscerated her in between bites.","amusement"
"At least her granddaughter will grow up to know her worth. *Oh wait.*","neutral"
"Sounds fun, is it?","amusement"
"I love those possum dives!","love"
"Excellent jobs, young men!","admiration"
"What about Governor [NAME]?","neutral"
"They look absolutely PERFECT together. I hope its that way in real life too. So happy for ya [NAME]!!!","approval"
"An ex-friend of mine proclaimed than anyone who speaks of being raped is a horrible, unethical human being.","anger"
"Do they seriously think freshman congressmen are 'leadership'?","neutral"
"Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma. ","disappointment"
"I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.","approval"
"When giving birth is the only thing you’ve ever accomplished","admiration"
"thanks! That helps","admiration"
"Why do some people use tbh after everything","annoyance"
"I thought that already happened when [NAME] was confirmed. I was told that would be the end of America!","neutral"
"Yeah, I don't blame you! Anything to keep a shred of sanity. ","disapproval"
""You aren't important, just impertinent." That's a third degree burn","approval"
"The level of envyness far too much","optimism"
"I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh","approval"
"Capitalism doesn't require police or military either. Private security is a thing. Capitalism in general functions better in the absence of a government.","neutral"
"Wow. He might actually lose Iowa","surprise"
"yes they do, and I am glad that you were able to change hers. ","joy"
"Shoot, darn. You win again!","admiration"
"Spiders in the corners of the house and praying mantis' on the curtains, best anti fly setup ever.","admiration"
"Ah yes, consent is when they awkwardly laugh off an unsolicited sexual encounter!","approval"
"Another fun fact is that the survivors present at the campfire are the ones you most recently played as.","neutral"
"That's all [NAME] had to do with his egg, instead he decided to bathe with it to make things weird","neutral"
"Isn't North Dakota more important? Or are they just the sacrificial canary in the coal mine?","confusion"
"Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.","disapproval"
"[NAME]’ column the other day had an interesting line, “zealotry is often people working out their psychological wounds.”","neutral"
"My favorite is they didn't have time to eat healthy. Wut.","neutral"
"Don’t hate barstool","neutral"
"Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.","disapproval"
"Have her listen to the "year of poligamy" podcast. You realize that polygamy was more f'd up than you could ever imagine. ","annoyance"
"Awe, poor baby. ","sadness"
"Glad to see Mrs. [NAME] is still alive and well!","joy"
".250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine. ","approval"
"Why am I crying rn...","annoyance"
"I kind of liked that one song he did with [NAME]. I forgot the name though.","joy"
"I feel like the last line should be "on your rep of failure" rather than "day".","neutral"
"I never said prostitution doesn't exist. I said it is off the streets.","neutral"
"Isn't that the "help me, I'm being hunned" distress signal?","annoyance"
"Love this!!!","love"
"Right?? The hypocrisy with the [NAME] situation is STAGGERING.","approval"
"It the equivalent of "stop liking things I don't like." You don't get to control the world. Lighten up and move on. ","neutral"
"GOATs is what killed overwatch for me, this patch is probably gonna bring me back. ","approval"
"thanks. I will read these","gratitude"
"Yeah they look very buff","neutral"
"That makes a lot of sense. I wish I knew how to stop myself from doing it tho","approval"
"I am sorry but what is a wholesome meme","curiosity"
"Got me spitted coffee all over my phone🤣","amusement"
"She didn't say anything on twitter or anything im not sure how u know, but it's whatever she seems fine and it's her privacy","neutral"
"I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!","optimism"
"I agree. But, if you were delivering shrimps-n-gritz betcha you'd be tempted. ","approval"
"Just shut up dude","anger"
"They do. Also ‘school spirit’ is never an acceptable excuse for **PUTTING ON BLACKFACE**","neutral"
"I think [NAME] is honestly just a whack job.","annoyance"
"I want a salad!","desire"
"You can make a new Reddit account.","neutral"
"Good bot!","joy"
"This thread is loaded. Never seen so many coins exchanged at once :) it's nice to see friendly internet interactions.","admiration"
"I just see two inflated peacocks with a dumb and disgusting look in their face. But unfortunately I am not the gender evaluating them.","neutral"
"I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible","disappointment"
"Thank you very much, I must have missed these while I didn't have regular Internet access. Sorry for putting you on the list in error. ","gratitude"
"He's given them a year and a new budget. Everyone knew this was going to happen.","approval"
"It's just wholesome content, from questionable sources","neutral"
"He should just give it to you right?","neutral"
"When Sub-Zero is revealed to have red accents, we will officially have a problem.","neutral"
"I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.","disappointment"
"Letting it go is the big struggle. For me at least.","disappointment"
"It's like [NAME] said. They get motivated by a bad loss, they win a game, get unmotivated, and lose badly again","disappointment"
"Fucking fuck! 2 (or more) sets of fucking socks in fucking sandals.","anger"
"We tried, the place I go is just a rundown old town trashy high school filled with kids who have the background to shoot the place up","annoyance"
"I tried. [NAME] responded by taking the baby to see her without me, while I was at work. 😤","neutral"
"Context is lost in the article, no way to know how it was asked or how the person was behaving.","neutral"
""*You can sifu stance your bitchass on outta here!"*","anger"
"Taking the SEPTA from West Trenton can put someone in Philly and it's suburbs as well.","neutral"
"Wait... today isn't April 1st...","confusion"
"What do they mean attract teens? Every teenager is basically on it already","approval"
"Not to burst anyone's bubble, but this ad isn't new. Maybe it's just being recirculated because of the whole Gillette fiasco.","neutral"
"I saw one that us taking Greedy William's at 6 with the Jaga taking [NAME] at 7 lol. Cllelin ferrel was at 4","gratitude"
"I mean, she is","approval"
"Not until she's 30, because adult women are not your property to control even if you are their parent.","neutral"
"WE WERE WINNING UNTIL I STARTED WATCHING, I AM CURSED!","neutral"
"I loved how proud [NAME] looked","excitement"
"How though? I srsly don't get it. Seems pretty racist to me.","confusion"
"Indeed. I thought we are just spoiled, but apparently the phenomena is not exlusive to us.","neutral"
"Look on the bright side, you might never need to worry about that ever again.","neutral"
"That was easily the best one. The lyric ended, but somehow he just kept going. ","gratitude"
"The FBI wants you to stop asking questions 🛑 ✋","approval"
"This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.","approval"
"It was nice knowing you all.","joy"
"My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others","desire"
"on the bright side he’s a little too young to ruin a $1000 iphone in his pocket ( parents probably got him a refurbished 7 )","neutral"
"Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.","gratitude"
"Soft boiled huh?","confusion"
"Paraphrasing [NAME], this brought warm feelings to my heart.","neutral"
"[NAME] has to use a gun to defend himself after multiple robberies and an attempted rape...","caring"
"A small sample size can also be skewed the opposite direction, who’s to say the rape rate wouldn’t be much higher ","annoyance"
"So is she worth switching from Skye","surprise"
"Please leave this dude","neutral"
"That is the most bizarre story. I can’t tell if it’s a joke.","disappointment"
"First bad melee, then off the sticks.. what next?","curiosity"
"And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.","neutral"
"More like you need ennemy jungle too dumber/weaker than u. But at equal skills, when player know how to play, its a troll pick.","admiration"
"Do you have any original thoughts? ...or any at all? 18 days; going on 100! Happy New Year!!","confusion"
"I look forward to it.","optimism"
"None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress","gratitude"
"More moralizing and prejudice from you. Why am I not surprised?","curiosity"
"Huge goal for [NAME]. Big confidence boost for the mistakes from the start of the season!","admiration"
"I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.","amusement"
"Totally looks like","neutral"
"A new apartman will give you peace of mind. Start saving up.","admiration"
"Mine used to tell „you complain too much“. I was also angry when I was with him. I‘m not like that.","neutral"
"What happens if you do this with bleed applied?","curiosity"
"That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.","fear"
"One of the best hats I own is a freebie from a Dallas Stars game. Not a Stars fan but shit it’s comfortable and fits well.","annoyance"
"i was not prepared for this","disappointment"
"Haha I was thinking Utah but... Florida makes sense too. There’s a few crazy states 🤷🏼‍♀️","amusement"
"I'm cracking up at my desk now, thanks","gratitude"
"wait they actually lost lmao. i stopped watching halfway cuz i thought SPY had it in the bag ^^^^andigotmywatchrewards","neutral"
"This just proves you put the bone there, I'd actually be impressed if you showed him putting the bone there","excitement"
"Uh, people kept asking me if I was jailor and I said no, and based on this chat you can also see that jailor is not smart.","neutral"
"I used to build a ramp and jump over other kids on my bike ala [NAME]... I was amazed at the time.","surprise"
"Fair enough.","approval"
"Cervezas for everyone!","approval"
"Holy shit did this sub just get wholesome for a second?","neutral"
"Well, it is generating them. It has a vector space (latent space) from which you can pick out a face.","disapproval"
"The nerve!","neutral"
"Tickets to a 2008 Preliminary Final, paper print out version too, incredibly random.","excitement"
"Just make sure you don't go too far and get a 17hmr!","neutral"
"I want that rod of [NAME] concept for my aphro D:","amusement"
"Ah yes, my favorite waifu: Picasso-San. ","joy"
"“I want to stay the night, but it’s late and my mom would worry since I didn’t tell her I was coming out”","neutral"
"I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.","disapproval"
"president [NAME], what should we do? shut. down. everything!","neutral"
"Maybe so. Should I try to ask her about it? I'm worried that will only scare her more","fear"
"DAE hate unnecessarily salty people like OP?","neutral"
"I'll have you know, we've never lost to a 16-seed that was the winner of a play-in game","pride"
"I didn't know of [NAME] before I saw that episode. I fucking love that man and have watched an unhealthy amount of him since.","disappointment"
"So does he want to go back to being hunters and gatherers? How can humanity improve with no governments.","annoyance"
"And you wonder why Labour get's a bad name for anti-Semitism with statements like that. Ok hun.","neutral"
"I have no answers for you, but I send you warm enfolding hugs of understanding and light. Peace to you.","admiration"
"[NAME] is a bitch","neutral"
"Feeling better now?","caring"
"Don't use gay as an insult.","disapproval"
"No you shouldn’t. If you recieve income, it should be taxed.","approval"
"Multiply it by hundreds to account for all employees of the store and then yes, it is true Also love how they mock the mentally disabled here. 10/10 /s","love"
"In that case... Happy Amnesia Day!","approval"
"I liked [NAME]...","love"
"The American way is to show some empathy for others come on dude","neutral"
"Wouldn't it be better if it was like 2017. More OL available later on for us.","desire"
"My friend and I have been having good fun queuing Mei/Winston, trololo, and 2 bottles of whisky.","joy"
"Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule","annoyance"
"Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.","disappointment"
""Sigh" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it "Upvotes angrily"","anger"
"Maybe they are just horrible people, and because you aren't like them they don't like you. ","neutral"
"no one loves me","disappointment"
"Dang something actually useful rather than a skin we won't use cuz we already have Belzebub","neutral"
"Be the change you want to see in the world!","optimism"
"For next time, there is a way bigger live chat over on r/BravoRealHousewives ","neutral"
"This is a great coming out, I also which it went this well for everyone 🏳️‍🌈","neutral"
"Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.","caring"
"Imagine insulting your wife and father then you carry water for the same person. [NAME] is a basic....","neutral"
"That is by far too strong of a passive","approval"
"People are just so used to these laws never being enforced in any meaningful way in other countries.","approval"
"I would agree. That doesn’t really address the conservative versus alt-right labeling issue though.","approval"
"This is not true, you can still cross train to short fall career fields at the half.","approval"
"Congrats bud! Hope it was a good 21st!","optimism"
"Glad I could help!","optimism"
"Their mere presence is all it takes, but being outgoing, gregarious or charming is icing on the cake.","admiration"
"Bro, too close to home. Thing is I wish I could just chill where this monk is at, with a lot of open space.","joy"
"I'm honestly surprised. We should have fallen much farther","excitement"
"Thousands of people born every single day! But mine? Mine's a god damned miracle!","admiration"
"Yup put the losion in the basket","neutral"
"Oh man I actually ugly laughed out loud. This is awesome 😂","neutral"
"Nice job.","gratitude"
"I don’t care enough to search it honestly Edit: removed emoji because reddit","annoyance"
"Oh man, glad I'm not watching this with my extremely emetophobic mother ","disapproval"
"I seen a video, must have been one of the students where they've completely surrounded the [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.","annoyance"
"You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.","admiration"
"She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.","neutral"
"His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦","admiration"
"No, the root Arabic word is "hashishiyyin", with it's Latin translation being "assassinus". Assassin is the French translation. ","neutral"
"Find a tv show to participate in, bat your eyes, cry a little. ","disappointment"
"None that's why I asked. Glad to see your doing something and not just wishing or whining as that wont make it happen","desire"
"To bad for you.","annoyance"
"This is creepy.","neutral"
"I was too mad to continue with the second episode lol I see now that he's married and think HOW?","curiosity"
"This live thing is so bad that i just poured a tall glass of scotch on a work night because there’s an hour left.","neutral"
"But that sounds yummy.","love"
"I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.","love"
"This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.","admiration"
"Dog thinking "shit this guy is crazy, better get out"","annoyance"
"The sun has set on the English empire","neutral"
"If my buddy was getting his ass handed to him like this I'd laugh too. Sometimes people just deserve a little ass whoopin.","amusement"
"Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it ","joy"
"Yeah Stupid Sexy groening","annoyance"
"Fucking hell...","anger"
"Yay Pip!","neutral"
"Do you think CPS would help your niece get help?","confusion"
"This is a crime against humanity and the FBI is on its way. Do not try to leave your current location, you are being tracked.","annoyance"
"Looks like any time there’s a huge spike in viewers, it’s a crossover. Legends sure has a really pathetic turn out. ","neutral"
"Oh it's a well known phenomenon, unsure exactly what it is but I think it's a bit of princess syndrome with mental posho co morbidity. ","approval"
"For serial rapists, its not about the physical pleasure. Its all head games. Damn freaks","anger"
"You gotta be a fucking idiot to use a regualr wooden pallet for a bale. Blue or Red pallets only","anger"
"Ah, interesting. I couldn't find a translation like that. My French is very basic though so it might be right!","desire"
"Why don't you just tell us? We're all dying to know!","excitement"
"Japan edging out Canada? WTF? There's some bullshit going on there, man. And what rocketed Switzerland from obscurity to the top of the mountain in 2017?","confusion"
"You kind of look like [NAME]. Very cute.","admiration"
"What does that do with having the buyer sign the title?","curiosity"
"Don’t fall for it.","caring"
"As guaranteed me under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement.","neutral"
"In the Garden of Femininity, of course!","neutral"
"Leave ASAP. That is all. Your life will be better for it","approval"
"Finally! Now I see what I was doing wrong. PB, thank you!","gratitude"
"I'm on it!","joy"
"Really bad trap if noone falls for it","anger"
"Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol","excitement"
"You guys can downvote me all you want, but this sub is every day looking more and more alike r/gameofthrones","disapproval"
"Dallas didnt play our schedule lol Even with VJ we could have beaten that team lol","amusement"
"After five years she realizes that's not for her? No offense but thats a long time to do so.","disapproval"
"Was waiting for them to do it again with him out of the truck","neutral"
"> it's not the fault of the mods or uses of this sub. They are the people enforcing it. Why wouldn't you blame them?","anger"
"What mental illness am I displaying?","confusion"
"Happy birthday [NAME]","joy"
"lmaooo you're right I did mean [NAME] by that haha "she" lol","amusement"
"That depends. Do you have 4 legs?","curiosity"
"Religion is gigacope","neutral"
"so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.","admiration"
"Well I mean this game is so stupid in a lot of ways tbh","disappointment"
"It won't be anything with "Last" in it, because TLJ. But it miiiiight be something with "Final" in it.","approval"
"No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.","gratitude"
"Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??","embarrassment"
"Excuse me, but define what a "good world" is","neutral"
"very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol","excitement"
"This may look like hyperbole but you would have to be autistic to not pick up on the sarcasm in that post.","neutral"
"I have my hatchet's wear out fast cutting trees, and I miss throwing the axe on my back for better inventory... thanks for responses!","gratitude"
"[NAME] sees all","neutral"
"Oh oh oh","neutral"
"You don’t have to hate players just for being on a different team. I hate that [NAME] is an [NAME]. I don’t hate [NAME]","neutral"
"Ohio is weird.","neutral"
"I was hoping this day would","optimism"
"Black goodness 😂😂","neutral"
"This is all I can think about when I see these things. Most of them cannot be properly washed.","disapproval"
"Absolutely adore this","admiration"
"I had an anourism and got stage 4 terminal cancer from reading that so I reckon that means I need the tablet","grief"
"Can a Purdue or Indiana fan independently verify?","curiosity"
"On PS4 it's very toxic. I would imagine it is the same over on Xbox One aswell","annoyance"
"And spending extravagant amounts on campaigning to impress the poor fools with the money that could have been used to improve their lives.","neutral"
"I will for sure pray for you all.","optimism"
"Why don’t people just call the cops and give them the video?","annoyance"
"1: you deserve it 2: I think you're neat 3: literally it's no problem, I really like talking to you. honestly. ","admiration"
"Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!","caring"
"Unpopular opinion: Let [NAME] take the open 3s so he can become a better stretch big.","approval"
"What a cringeworthy load of kak this is. Wow I have no words.","embarrassment"
"They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!","love"
"Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off. ","admiration"
"i mean.... i do and all. but the automatic assumption was still a zinger.","neutral"
"You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.","disappointment"
"wE mODiFieD eiGHT viDEo CaRds tO fIt iN A SinGLe pciE sLoT /squeak Whoops, sorry, wrong [NAME].","remorse"
"She raided [NAME] closet.","neutral"
"Cant wait for the [NAME] [NAME] vs [NAME]","excitement"
"Scary that [NAME] ASG effort looked similar to some of his regular season performances.","surprise"
"Its been a long time since they were teenagers. My oldest granddaughter is a teenager.","neutral"
"Oh no!","disappointment"
"This one is cute","admiration"
"Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.","disgust"
"Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours","anger"
"“hurrrr mumble crap sucks so much u cant understand what they saying wheres all the lyrical spiritual miracle individual biblical rhymes smh”","annoyance"
"I AM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT","anger"
"He's so intimidating...","fear"
"Typical Lebronsexual garbage channel. Don't watch video.","disapproval"
"That’s true, thank you","approval"
"Well, i really can not believe that in 21 century religion can offer solution for all the problems. ","surprise"
"I am always hungry. I do not know fullness. No matter how much I eat.","realization"
"He’s my pick. That fist!","neutral"
"Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time","caring"
"Exactly. Its serious, but not serious enough for the NFL. And for the list i made, those People still play in the NFL after suspensions. ","disapproval"
"Gotcha. I see my clarification above. I sincerely apologize that anything I wrote made you feel that you needed to enforce your boundaries.","embarrassment"
"Thank you, needed to hear this today! ","gratitude"
"AS..... YOU.... WISSHHH!!!.. Inconceivable! My first ever silver. Thank you kind stranger.","gratitude"
"[NAME] and [NAME] should be there too E: Damn didn't think this would be unpopular lol","disapproval"
"I'M MOTIVATED!","gratitude"
"This goes hard, keep working just a little bit more on it. It feels like a demo to a cool song Love it","admiration"
"2010. [NAME] being all desperate, [NAME] return. Shit was gold","neutral"
"Back then, when they were literally rowing long boats, it was basically the same thing. Better not explore and stay in the bubble. ","caring"
"Find a better partner. It's past time to move on! He sounds very lazy, selfish, and he doesn't care about your needs.","annoyance"
"Go on...","neutral"
"Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now","annoyance"
"I like spicy, but I have made poppers with mini bell peppers and they came out great. Good to have options","joy"
"I never think someone is sincere when they say why “would I care if I’m being lied to” constantly?","disapproval"
"I despise [NAME] and all his cronies","neutral"
"What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?","neutral"
"> eaten out by their coach","neutral"
"I didn't mean to imply you did! I just know that's a mistake I've seen a lot of people make, is all","disapproval"
"Then they're the worst fascists of all time, because their critics have been extremely loud and public, while not being murdered.","neutral"
"This. It IS a minority here, but they are very vocal and very active, exactly what you would expect from a PR team","neutral"
"my heart melted omg [NAME]","disappointment"
"Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.","desire"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)","excitement"
"This is reminiscent of when we thought we were lucky that we got [NAME] AND [NAME] on our staff.","neutral"
"To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun","amusement"
"Tranlated: Wooooo be afraid of the spooky "shadowban" so don't do the thing that gets your message to a wider audience. Smh","fear"
"IDK how you can tell how they look from there tiny baby casket, but ok.","neutral"
"No one is going to create more competition for themselves","disapproval"
"Fuck why didn’t I think of that","disappointment"
"Should have just looked at them in disbelief and said what you don't make the police that have to work Christmas day a nice lunch. Lol","amusement"
"Pity because I enjoyed Max Normal.","joy"
"That beat slaps. Good memories","excitement"
"I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.","amusement"
"There are a number of cases where throws are unbreakable, usually relative to grounded position or rage drives. Not including those cuz they are very specific.","neutral"
"We need to end the nonsense of objectivity in teaching. Students need to hear how educated adults think.","desire"
"Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.","remorse"
"Keep your chin high OP. Life ain’t always beautiful but it’s a beautiful ride.","approval"
"There are too many factors at play to really say that. It's still probably disappointing.","disappointment"
"It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it","anger"
"[NAME] gets eliminated the 3rd time she's in the bottom so this is wrong and [NAME] would have the best track record if this is true","approval"
"[NAME] damn I love Coops","love"
"Ah, see that makes ALOT more sense to me, and how I believed prayer works. Thanks for that","gratitude"
"I watched that worm fish sauce thing. So gross, disgusting, bleh, NO,NO, and HELL NO!!","disapproval"
"I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol","amusement"
"“But officer, I have a doctor’s note saying I *have* to expose myself to them!”","approval"
"FotC for life","neutral"
"This may be overreacting, but I would not touch those presents. There could be a bomb in them. ","fear"
"Look at CBG as well. It's got anti inflammatory properties. Wifey feels its the best medicine for her cramps.","approval"
"[NAME] if they're doing wrestling probably fine","confusion"
"This guy is internet cancer.","disgust"
"> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.","remorse"
"I think the 90 day rule applies to increases over 5%?","curiosity"
"Three words for you. Stand your ground.","neutral"
"Seriously beautiful my man!! Is it on apple music? Really great song","admiration"
"Why? I've got your attention and thats when the fun begins","approval"
"extra hot on whipped drinks? excuse me? i don’t want to burn my tongue on my CDL. extra hot on sauce-based beverages.","approval"
"WHY HAVE I NOT SEEN YOU? WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN?","anger"
"[NAME] in Congress are fine with with beefing up Border Patrol but [NAME] wants his goddamn wall.","neutral"
"No different than people making a big deal about their team winning the super bowl. People find it interesting.","curiosity"
"No, sadly it was from a different person, thankfully not the original poster though.","relief"
"Damn never heard of that, I stand corrected!","disappointment"
"I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.","disappointment"
"Where are you getting that information from?","confusion"
"Yo infected turn into evil clone troopers !!!","neutral"
"I have to admit, most of the worst people I have encountered in my life were met while LARPing.","anger"
"Ah the remnants.","neutral"
"North end pizzeria! Best pizza in town","admiration"
"But we’re talking about some lady that obviously looks older and is far above the age of 21. Not a minor.","neutral"
"By all means, go for it. We'll all be much happier when you're not dragging us down anymore.","approval"
"Omg I'm crying and shaking rn [NAME] would never say that","sadness"
"Sounds like you know the answer, and at first she will resent you. But hopefully over time will realize what your doing. ","optimism"
"That must smell so good. Oh i want some now.","admiration"
"He couldn't block a shot if it was from my dead grandma","neutral"
"> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.","optimism"
"Was Netflix ever $7.99 for HD streaming?","curiosity"
"Oh hell no. Shes blind!!! No way in HELL is she ever being left alone with it.","anger"
"Good luck.","gratitude"
"They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.","grief"
"Tiki Lounge always smells like sewage. I'm surprise it's lasted this long.","surprise"
"Thank you TC for getting us to 100!","gratitude"
"This isn’t even them not getting it. They just misread it as a whole! Why bro lmao","amusement"
"Ahh well if some rando in reddit says something without evidence, that’s good enough for me! International association of medical doctors be damned!","approval"
"Poor cat.","disappointment"
"These are the same thing","realization"
"Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.","annoyance"
"True. Icing all three of your villains for the duration of the film is a bad idea. They need to be making moves.","neutral"
"TBH I think they would've been better without the hot dog","neutral"
"Drive around Belle Meade Highlands; you might be able to get lucky on an older rental home.","neutral"
"Break ups are hard. Hope you feel better.","caring"
"This is actually kinda cool, I like it!! ","admiration"
"I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh","disapproval"
"What limits are you talking about? Last time i checked, [NAME] doesnt have any limits","approval"
"So the article is pretty much nonsense.","disappointment"
"Look I'm not saying I don't understand your sentiment but we really ought to save this one for people openly advocating for genocide.","caring"
"I’m already deaf. It’s not that bad. Hard to imagine how easy it would be, being blind.","embarrassment"
"This is ugly af sry","caring"
"And.. she... is.... GONE.....","neutral"
"The music caught me off guard","confusion"
"Roasted Brussels sprouts with they get kinda charred!! Nom nom nom","amusement"
"very confident !!!!","neutral"
"I mean if it was crowded or rush hour I understand, but I don't see that much an issue if its empty like this..","approval"
"I have no idea, I just get texts.","neutral"
"Thanks and what even mean "nobs"? ","curiosity"
"Ex-Marines are the best.","love"
"[NAME]... why you do this?","confusion"
"That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME]. ","annoyance"
"Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.","gratitude"
"When will this finish","curiosity"
"Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.","approval"
"Powerful stuff. I'm sorry I gave you this much time and credit.","annoyance"
"I think Bayern get far less hate than they should tbh, the Manchester United of Germany is almost selling them short.","annoyance"
"I CANT BELIEVE HER WIG STAYED ON WITH ALL THAT CAKE!!!! [NAME] tape really does hold back all, y'all. Alaska who?","surprise"
"a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever","amusement"
"The classic I can't stand up straight because I can't even breath laugh","sadness"
"Can you link this somewhere. Im not too sure what you are referring too.","confusion"
"Popeyes spicy tenders","neutral"
"She wasn't fucking running, no matter how hard you insist. You'd make a wonderful Qld cop with that mentality.","amusement"
"That is the issue with most things, if you work there you can not win, as well as friends and family members.","caring"
"I really hope this is what happens.","optimism"
"D'OH! Right in front of my face and I missed it","disappointment"
"Customer probably lied to you. It happens","neutral"
"I don’t think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!","admiration"
"Katy/cypress area is just as bad if not worse in some areas. Luckily we only saw one driver obviously drunk but there were several wrecks. Be safe everyone","caring"
"Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.","disapproval"
"I was wondering what that was and now, I need to go get some brain bleach.","annoyance"
"Depends on the state, generally speaking.","neutral"
"I find it telling that a very known Russian media uses [NAME] as an exemple....","realization"
"sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘","sadness"
"Much better 2nd quarter, keep it up guys.","admiration"
"Yes but what other sources are there?","curiosity"
"The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?","annoyance"
"And how long ago was this?","confusion"
"I am now sad the latest Thief was so mediocre, because the actual City the game took place in was a great little world.","admiration"
"Greetings from Singapore! Anyone looking to play, please come find us at our discord: ","approval"
"That’s really cool! How did you do this?","neutral"
"World has Turned and Left Me Here.","annoyance"
"I’m with you, like shouldn’t we call someone or make sure this was followed up on? This poor guy. ","caring"
"I really try to not use that terminology as it is inconsistent and was made up by people who know little to nothing about firearms.","annoyance"
"A police response is probably justified for some of the larger spiders we have here.","approval"
"Threatening to jail disadvantaged families is low even by Democrat standards.","disappointment"
"I know, it got all in the poor woman’s hair!","caring"
"Glad to see you guys are treating him well","caring"
"Try really warm water instead. It's awesome.","admiration"
"Nope. According to your biblical book of lies [NAME] made **everything**. Are you saying the bible is false?","neutral"
"wow that is MINT","amusement"
"HE SAID YOUR FLY IS UNDONE","neutral"
"Sorry. This thing knows whats up!","remorse"
"You lot are sick ! I tell you sick!! Lol","amusement"
"But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...","annoyance"
"It's pretty stupid honestly. [NAME] clearly pointed a bug and people are saying "oh, it's a feature". ...seriously now.","disappointment"
"I suggest that you start by not apologising before you do something harmless (e.g. the beginning of this thread)","desire"
"Done! Good luck!","neutral"
"EXACTLY. Not only is it incredibly important, but it's incredibly **fun** as well. ","neutral"
"Ok this New England accent not so fun!!","annoyance"
"The story fits here -- arrogantly oblivious customers from a different viewpoint.","disappointment"
"Loved that damn [NAME]","joy"
"Well said, hope more and more people continue realize this and discover/take-back their power!","approval"
"Personally really enjoyed it. Have it in my top 3 AC games with AC2 and Black Flag in there too.","excitement"
"Best sports league in the world.","neutral"
"My truck has a camper shell. I can drive around town while you kids screw back there. $20/hr and gas.","neutral"
"oh you.","neutral"
"I just need [NAME] to retire already so I can stop hating on him and appreciate all he's done... Even if it has caused me great suffering.","optimism"
"Stocks have less market friction...there is also more chaos due to the amount of individuals vying to make money there, compared to here.","disappointment"
"Lol [NAME]. Everyone ignores me. This just sounds like something a child would say. Sad.","amusement"
"Interesting how researching a candidates stances and history instead of blindly voting translates to “ higher standard “.","neutral"
"Yeah and if the media finds out that they weren't drug related we will never hear of it again","disgust"
"Be brave. You have our support","caring"
"When have you seen him speak in his real voice?","neutral"
"Thank you. Well said.","admiration"
"I'd bet that this falls under spamming and therefor I'll get banned soon :/ (please dont, I love this sub)","fear"
"I read through this whole chain and your patience is absolutely commendable. Good on you for explaining it in such a level fashion to someone so willfully ignorant,","admiration"
"Actually someone already said goodbye so checkmate idiot","neutral"
"The refs missed big calls for both teams in that game.","neutral"
"Nobody likes you","disapproval"
"Can you update this 20th century "meme"? I thought millenials were the "entitled" generation. ","curiosity"
"Not my account. I do not own the [NAME] account on Youtube. Pretending I do is silly.","amusement"
"Oh don't worry, their kids were taken away. ","neutral"
"You’re an inspiration","gratitude"
"SWTOR should be considered a boring single player game.","annoyance"
"I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.","neutral"
"Nice pen.","admiration"
"So you're saying [NAME] doesn't have a personal vendetta against me?","neutral"
"The cutest.","admiration"
"That sounds great!","admiration"
"He would like to speak in third person.","neutral"
"Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.","neutral"
"Indeed. Ex-NY area cop here, similar to dirtbag, shitbird, and fuckstick, but more acceptable for TV.","neutral"
"How does this have the Braves at .450? Nothing about this makes sense.","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] that was horrible","fear"
"We got a room full if potheads, were gonna need back up.” “I’M ON MY WAY!”","neutral"
"Holy crap! I want to hear this story!","desire"
"Bruh by isn’t [NAME]","disgust"
"So you’re right-wing. Not a shock.","realization"
"Sounds like a standard room and board agreement. Nothing communist about that at all.","neutral"
"Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels","annoyance"
"yeah, I agree. it’s just annoying hahaha but thank you so much!!! (: ","amusement"
"I wish someone would do this for me.","desire"
"Thank you guys so much! IM FINALLY IN THE KNOW!","excitement"
"Man, [NAME] is having a heck of a career! In the end, he'll be repping us<3","joy"
"Got my attention.","neutral"
"Venetian Snares x [NAME]. Amazing","joy"
"I agree. She seemed to truly love [NAME] . [NAME] loves the life [NAME] provides fir him. It’s a sad situation.","disappointment"
"yea ok dude","neutral"
"That's a lot of assumptions. My local post is exceedingly lazy.","embarrassment"
"The "Nice, nice." Is really cringy for some reason.","admiration"
"What's her name? I'm wondering if since it's being posted now years later Reddit might do it's thing and solve some crimes.","curiosity"
"well, i've never had an outbreak or a cold sore. i have had chickenpox, though, but they have yet to reappear","neutral"
"i was leaving areal comments not pormotions but acctually i was leaving many","approval"
"Thank you. This sub is the one place I feel understood","gratitude"
"They only traded to 3 and they had 2 seconds last year to trade, plus this year's 2nd. It is impossible ","neutral"
"Also, money. It is a cost-prohibitive procedure for many who desire one.","pride"
"Not autism though. What a relief.","disapproval"
"Im having a terrible day and you made me laugh thank you","gratitude"
"Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!","gratitude"
"This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.","amusement"
"You good.","admiration"
"Yeah, that one. I forgot the name earlier.","neutral"
"Ah that's so cool!!","admiration"
"I will still shag her u fooking poof. gave im a rite fockin japester innit well u won't be having erection next few days.","realization"
"Thanks; it is a major turn-off because there's no reasoning - he "knows" it's a fact. I appreciate your perspective.","gratitude"
"Thanks for the insight","gratitude"
"It depends, what state are you in? ","neutral"
"When people bring up rape culture they mean stuff like this. Because yeah it’s been out and swept away and not raged over","realization"
"The £25 loaf of bread I call it.","neutral"
"Is there a source link? Id like to put it as my screen saver :)","neutral"
"Hey! Anyone have the DL on this MLM ? Would love some links to send a victim!!","neutral"
"He posts on The_Donald, you're arguing with a brick wall","annoyance"
"Here in America too. Those counter protesting fascist get thrown in jail and pepper sprayed like animals. It makes no sense that this happens.","annoyance"
"Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.","neutral"
"Post in Meme thread please","neutral"
"Hello. We have removed your comment for shaming. Thanks [NAME]","approval"
"Yeah, I have made it clear to most or all of my friends that I am not available instantly, lol","neutral"
"> fooled into believing herself an interesting character Uh.. that isn't how movies work.","curiosity"
"That's true. But in the real human world, partners have a similar, if not the same, generational separation from their closest common ancestor. ","neutral"
"Dragon bender has even more negative value than [NAME] haha. But yeah, they’d need atlesst a 2nd for [NAME] crossover ","amusement"
"No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.","disapproval"
"Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. "No."","neutral"
"Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.","approval"
"I have tried to stay away from using the word “[RELIGION]” as much as possible to stay agreeable with the current styling guide of the church.","neutral"
"[NAME] was born in Canada. Moved to Texas. We don't want credit for that melted brick of unsalted butter...","neutral"
"Are you fucking serious? That’s a foul??","anger"
"Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.","admiration"
"She’ll just be like, not in my backyard!","neutral"
"She had it so good with [NAME] as his ex. Girlfriend was so freaking nice.","admiration"
"U guys are super cute together.","admiration"
"Gotta share the love, have an upvote :) ","love"
"Just be GOOD at what you do, and fade the chase ","caring"
"You realize legal investigations take a long time? [NAME] is a methodical professional and clearly several steps ahead of [NAME]. Be patient","realization"
"Culture war is a two-player game. This would only mean a different tribe would have believed the claims and a different tribe would have disbelieved them.","neutral"
"Simple lies. Easy lies immoral lies making money. Good life!","annoyance"
"There was a time I said the same thing about Zucker. Hope there's something to that.","optimism"
"They also think you're a jealous man instead of an honest - though not very nice - woman.","neutral"
"Her parents are raising her to be a terrible person. Fantastic.","admiration"
"Now you see me.... Too. Lol","amusement"
"That all-star who won the calder","neutral"
"Thats why i sleep with 4","neutral"
"I don’t think there are strippers necessarily, but it does make me question what he wants to do without me there","neutral"
"Good job now here have an upvote","approval"
"Download it again.","annoyance"
"That's my secret, cap. I never had any. ","neutral"
"Immaturity at its finest","neutral"
"We'll let history show us what happened here.","neutral"
"Or just, y'know, just don't eat meat.","neutral"
"Ah yes, the merge from 640 to 40 by papermill. Idiots do this all the time. It really messes up the traffic pattern. ","annoyance"
"Me too, my sister and I thought we became idiots, we even googled shapes and their sides","embarrassment"
"Must not hit opponents on the first frame then. My mistake","realization"
"No I actually really like that I don’t have to pump my own gas.","approval"
"I didn’t say anything. Just sharing this beauty.","neutral"
"And he doesn’t even stop. It’s your work truck, man! They’re going to find out regardless. ","neutral"
"Huh. That’s kind of crazy.","neutral"
"Will do!!!! :D Thank you so, so much!!!","gratitude"
"I watched the Lego thing with my 7 year old cousin and I was surprised at how quickly I became invested in it.","surprise"
"Stotts raising Nurk's usage rate is making me a happy fan","joy"
"Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.","admiration"
"[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.","disapproval"
"I always move back and always regret it.","disappointment"
"And for your daily dose of "Saints LoL Meme" you are still welcome at r/falcons we wont stop in the forseeable future ^^","gratitude"
"Yeaaahhh... *blushes*","joy"
"I was pretty pissed when [NAME] was hired for exactly that reason but he at least had worked with [NAME] before","neutral"
"Yes! I just wish that the good would be gone. It’d be great if he had his Injustice 2 look","admiration"
"wow! trust issues.","approval"
"Be fiscally responsible and you could save a couple thousand probably, while still enjoying much of what this wonderful city has to offer. ","approval"
"You still worrying about that is like a poor person hitting the lottery and still worrying about money. You hit the jackpot bro.","caring"
"Oh [NAME] no.","disappointment"
"You still didn’t answer the question. Sorry it’s bugging me :)","disappointment"
"According to them, it's perfectly acceptable to have intimacy with a woman and then ghost/block her number. Lol.","amusement"
"She didn't seem to have an issue with them judging her as "cool" tho","neutral"
"Luv ya too buddy 😝","love"
"Props to the guy for being honest","admiration"
"She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.","approval"
"Scary. I bet youre fun at parties.","amusement"
"This is a solid list, and I will totally allow Scream to count. Surprised to see 10 Things below She's All That tho.","approval"
"She’ll just be like, not in my backyard!","neutral"
"You sir have put into words my exact feelings on this matter.","neutral"
"Lol! Exactly. ☹","amusement"
"can you share it here? I would love to be able to support you and watch your success!","approval"
"Violife and follow your heart I made a cheese board for my dairy loving family and they couldn’t believe it!","confusion"
"If they add the yellow boots I’ll be happy. I really like this suit","admiration"
"meanwhile on my LE smurf, i play with and against [NAME] on a solo que.","neutral"
"A condom cant protect your virginity","neutral"
"Definitely, too bad [NAME] is taking it as an attack on her when it’s really an attack on [NAME] and his behavior. ","neutral"
"Note 2.","neutral"
"It's annoying. You always gotta give the other guy a chance. That's how MMA works","annoyance"
"When will he get that pesky hood under control— oh, it’s looping","neutral"
"I’m so sorry for your loss. It’s the smallest things that take up the biggest part of our hearts.","remorse"
"Damn vampires taking all the damn jobs in this country","annoyance"
"Out of curiosity, what is your profile pic/info?","curiosity"
"Can't have a triangle without 3 parties. That description is the exact same as my nex, too.","approval"
"Meth and booze.","neutral"
"you are two hot cuties, all the bestest!","admiration"
"That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?","sadness"
"At this point they should start playing Sweet Georgia Brown over the PA system...","neutral"
"Come on how would gladiators let [NAME] go.","annoyance"
"Thank you brother","gratitude"
"She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.","gratitude"
"OP and wife probably have other areas that are private. Sometimes it could be our dreams that even we don't dare speak aloud to ourselves.","approval"
"You know that this happened in germany, do you?","curiosity"
"mystery solved.","joy"
"That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome","approval"
"I'm pretty sure this is the classic case of spending the time between sets laying on the equipment and texting/chapchatting/facetiming","neutral"
"And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.","disapproval"
"Exactly, I remember loving those videos but I was also like 12","love"
"I dont know.. i did message him many times but he didnt reply me.. i am worried about him. I asked his mother about him","nervousness"
"Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.","disgust"
"Make sure your Cats are in a safe and loving place.","caring"
"Sorry, every time I try a link post my post fails, I’m just doing a text post. ","remorse"
"Dear [NAME]....","neutral"
"In my school we have specific councilors for the students matched alphabetically. Mine just sucks.","approval"
"Good job being just generally being whiny about unimportant things","admiration"
"That's the stuff of nightmares right there","fear"
"Like my Mom and Aunt on the first day of 7th grade. I feel for you dog.","love"
"Your comments have been removed. This is a community for support. Repeat violation will result in a ban. Thank you for understanding.","gratitude"
"I would love to get microblading but its so iffy about if it’ll be good or not. I’ve seen a lot of terrible turn outs","desire"
"Happy Birthday!!","excitement"
"It would need immediate medical attention and hospitalisation. Might be fatal due to liver failure.","desire"
"Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries","sadness"
"Nah, I it was cool to be a pedo back in the old days, ask [NAME] ","neutral"
"unblockables and cc moves do not affect him while in bulwark stance or at least he can also counter them (not sure how the stance works)","neutral"
"whah we got a badass over here xD","excitement"
"Bumble is also great!","admiration"
"No it's not. It's two people legally allowed to kiss kissing. Whatever stigma you have is yours and not shared by everyone.","disapproval"
"Sure, there are plenty more if you are so unsatisfied","approval"
"Quite enjoying this tbh","joy"
"Chicken. Mailman.","neutral"
"So lifelike!","neutral"
"Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.","approval"
"Lmao "guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk". That just sounds dumb as hell ","anger"
"Where in the timeline does ESO take place? If there be dragons, is this around Skyrim or in the distant past?","curiosity"
"I drew that Godzilla!!! I'm OPs friend btw.","neutral"
"THIS BULLSHIT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER. SIGNATURE WIN. [NAME] SMELLS LIKE SHIT AND DOESN'T RECYCLE.","anger"
"That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top","nervousness"
"Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.","confusion"
"If your greed kills 2 people, it's worse than your murder killing 1. I don't know how this is hard for you to understand. ","confusion"
"Andromeda is that type of game that has extreme potential in becoming a great game, but it botched it in all the little things.","approval"
"Reminds me of Ross Lake WA","neutral"
"Just stop.","anger"
"Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised","approval"
"I'm with you. I'd love for my nex to read what I post. It probably wouldn't matter because she has zero self-awareness.","approval"
"Thank you. I’m glad the club acted responsibly.","admiration"
"Just get in front of him and stop","neutral"
"Yes? FBI? This Lady Right here..","approval"
"Video...must get video when popping in the pubic region. Now go to your room.","annoyance"
"I appreciate you being open about it. So I'm assuming you accept that the things you listed don't make you a woman, right?","gratitude"
"Dude this kinda looks like the real face of hagrid","amusement"
"Good luck to you! Cheers to a new year! 👍🏼","approval"
"I’ve thrown up","grief"
"What?! They must have thought they were at Disney.","surprise"
"That's true for every loss except for this one. He's being really petty and hasn't taken the [NAME] loss well.","neutral"
"162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol","amusement"
"Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????","anger"
"> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.","admiration"
"I was actually thinking naming it hardcore mode Would make it more enticing for people too. Funny you called it that.","amusement"
"All you will ever get to work for a clown like [NAME].","neutral"
"[NAME] would be an exciting guy to bring here. I think he'd at some help at RB, especially if [NAME] ain't interested","excitement"
"Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight","gratitude"
"Have the zombies symbols available somewhere near for the Ra step, it's the most challenging","curiosity"
"He is proudly swimming in his cesspool of a personality","neutral"
"BUT 3 MILLION VOTES!","surprise"
"Ok this actually happened to me when I was one bloodthirsty away from getting gold on my MX9","approval"
"This makes two times in the last 4 years that the #1 high school football player has came out of New Jersey , the other being [NAME]","neutral"
"i am the new [NAME] hope she doesn't get hated on when she returns on all stars","annoyance"
"He has made threats saying if he sees me on the street he will attack me that’s what the situation boiled down to","neutral"
"Man you take your sims really seriously.","admiration"
"What was the age difference between [NAME] and [NAME]? I had though it was about ten years but now I’m not sure.","neutral"
"Never seen this. Thank you for sharing","gratitude"
"Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.","caring"
"Ah sorry about that won’t happen again","remorse"
"There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.","approval"
"[NAME] is decent? Dude he was drafted 3rd overall he's been a massive disappointment","disappointment"
"You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.","approval"
"I like having roads, schools, and drinkable water? You confuse a man for a paranoid.","curiosity"
"Probably. I am surprised Reddit doesn't just purge all right leaning subs.","surprise"
"But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)","confusion"
"I hate those days man... So triggering","disapproval"
"[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.","desire"
"Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha","amusement"
"My favourite pool! Shame I don't live around there anymore","love"
"This ain’t his first plank war","neutral"
"Look up the paradox of tolerance and stop crying. Crytpo does not need a hack like JP, no matter what all the incels in the world think.","neutral"
"Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]","fear"
"The guy just loves drama","love"
"The more I know someone, the less I want to know someone. ","neutral"
"Did not expect it to work with a body on it..","surprise"
"At least you supported a talented artist :3","admiration"
"#I BELIEVE IN [NAME]","optimism"
"How does that mean his brain is in my mouth, even when I used to work with a shotgun...","disapproval"
"Mom-emotions are always heartwarming and honest but dad-emotions make me tear up. Fuck","love"
"I already trained him to snap if they treat him like a normal pet.","realization"
"Citation found, dumbass.","anger"
"This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.","desire"
"No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics. ","caring"
"good to know. thanks!","gratitude"
"Oh I didnt know the box was stabbed. It kinda looked like they made a little holder for their knife so they could come back to it later.","neutral"
"All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.","fear"
"To make insecure women feel better AND make men feel better about their prego fetish.","neutral"
"Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.","optimism"
"This screwball is an anti-semite [NAME] supporter, no point in engaging it. ","approval"
"Not everyone is as Europhilic as you, and that’s okay.","disapproval"
"I owe NOTHING and they take more than that every year ;)","neutral"
"Oh, real cool! Thanks for the references.","gratitude"
"Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something","annoyance"
"[NAME] is playing good","neutral"
"it's also impolite to talk on the train","neutral"
"So [NAME] doesn't do the social media anymore? Is the NSP stuff enough without a GG salary now?","disapproval"
"Oh no you guys, I think I just Shattenkirked in my pants","neutral"
"Hope she likes cold showers.","caring"
"Examples of useless government entities, little buddy.","embarrassment"
"The maid that’s really clumsy and breaks everything but tries her best so it’s difficult to hate her.","confusion"
"Wow. It looks really good!","excitement"
"I think thats dumb and simplistic. You really can't boil down the sociology of race by comparing it to 2+2=4.","annoyance"
"I believe that's the first game winner at the buzzer at home in Raptors history","neutral"
"Probably. Sorry, OP. But don't worry. A lot of us are in the same boat.","sadness"
"Sorry for having a working brain :3","disapproval"
"Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words. ","approval"
"Nobody knows. Lurk more.","neutral"
"We try our hardest.","neutral"
"What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON","annoyance"
"Yup! She was also on a show called Queen Bees that was on the N network. I have never seen that show but I really want to","approval"
"Nobody is forced to use pronouns by law as he's claimed, it's a blatant lie he made up to further his agenda. ","annoyance"
"Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] I just noticed this too! I just rewatched it recently and noticed him just drinking some tea next to [NAME] and [NAME].","approval"
"Want to relay that in a coherent message?","confusion"
"Old dirty Bastard?","anger"
"If she is hot and has nice shoes..."I like your shoes." ","admiration"
"You think they're going to actually compost it or just toss it in the garbage?","confusion"
"Heart breaking* sorry haha","remorse"
"Hawaiian shaved ice is THE BEST!!!!","admiration"
"Was thinking the same. But watching the fight, one time def had it","realization"
"Sucks to suck Ratbirds","annoyance"
"Keep telling yourself that","approval"
"Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers","disappointment"
"Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?","excitement"
"It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.","admiration"
"He wasn't in beta, he's just played over a thousand games apparently.","neutral"
"See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast. ","disappointment"
"Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)","sadness"
"They’ve always been bad my guy","disappointment"
"I don’t think it was a freestyle? So not really comparable?","curiosity"
"Im there as well, You get into these habits and become complacent its like your watching your life in 3rd person. For me that is.","approval"
"I think [NAME] did such a classy exit! Hopefully people don’t give her too much hate. She comes from a good place.","admiration"
"You forgot to block the name in the tweet they're responding to","neutral"
"Someone that can check your dash and aa your jump is frightening.","fear"
"It certainly reeks of the same kind of scam.","annoyance"
"Thanks for the confirmation","gratitude"
"I'd start off wonder trading til I found an adorable frog the size of Fyre need unimaginable financial backing.","admiration"
"That’s wonderful to hear. :) I hope you get your guy!","admiration"
"How’d you avoid all of the memes?","confusion"
"Cheers to you","gratitude"
"She's a ~~chill cat~~ woman of few words.","neutral"
"Looks fun up there","amusement"
"So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.","annoyance"
"Do you even TRY TRY TRY???","neutral"
"Except pets are family & love and maternal instincts aren't finite.","neutral"
"We didn't screw it up!","disapproval"
"As a person that regularly down votes people that repost front age gifs, I will award you an upvote because this makes me laugh every time.","admiration"
"I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.","anger"
"When is this from? If it’s after [NAME] clothing line and yeezys took off then that was a p dumb question the reporter asked.","neutral"
"I just call my girl and tell her I love her lol. Easy day.","amusement"
"c'mon OP, I know you would have liked to see that","love"
"She sounds like she could be depressed. People who have depression need care, love and help to get better, not internet shaming. ","optimism"
"This is my favourite game of all time and I miss it dearly. I made most of my best friends playing this game.","admiration"
"And smash melee*","neutral"
"Thank you. ❤️","gratitude"
"Everytime I confront her about she gets super pissed and things I’m “overreacting”.","nervousness"
"He was a good dude.","admiration"
"Based on what I've seen, all the INFJ girls seem to be blue-haired damaged moonquacks that got abandoned by daddy.","disappointment"
"OHHHHH! THAT ONE! Oh, *[NAME]*... ","surprise"
"Being a broke college student doesn’t help😂 thank you for taking the time to listen though it’s really helpful lol","amusement"
"So cool! So bonkers that people do this, I love it! Do you mind if I post these on my pages?","admiration"
"[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now","anger"
"He’s still right. Doortrash sucks","approval"
"Yeah it's a weird thing people do","anger"
"This thread is a good indicator that Canada has a ton of racists who also love Reddit.","admiration"
"I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.","love"
"It doesn't look like it.","disapproval"
"I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.","admiration"
"Is calling bullshit allowed in this sub? Cause theres no way this happened as [NAME] described. People don't speak like that, even crazy ones. ","curiosity"
"May regret asking but foid ?","remorse"
"Harsh, but true","neutral"
"Fuck isn't it nice to have a [NAME] on the team?","desire"
"Imagine the smell of burning those pages","neutral"
"You really going to claim our foreign policy is equivalent to that of Iran and Russia?","approval"
"Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me","fear"
"I had so many bad Supercuts haircuts that I cringe when I look at the place and go to a fancy schmancy salon exclusively.","realization"
"[NAME]? Man that laugh when the captain joked that she can read minds. Kinda embarrassing.","amusement"
"Sounds fun from what I’m reading on here.","amusement"
"I just wanna say, I appreciate you making it into a gif. I wouldn't have watched the video. So thank you.","admiration"
"Wait so I shouldn't try to sell my shavers by telling my customers that they aren't good enough and could do better? Damn.","admiration"
"Seriously, you wanna give me singles? Awesome. I don't have to ask management AGAIN for more ones. XD ","admiration"
"I don't date women who smoke. As for pills or syringes etc, I don't find recreational drug users attractive. Similarly for being drunk.","annoyance"
"Haha I’m two edibles in and have shoveled twice...","amusement"
"14 days actually So we're both wrong, yay!","amusement"
""Sometime before people got wealthier when the kids needed to do this" ","neutral"
"There are 1.1K comments right now so I apologize if it’s been said but... government/politics should have noting to do with running the economy","sadness"
"I mean some of that is probably true. What a weird situation.","approval"
"not funny enough for that","annoyance"
"I’d lick the juice off Master’s face any day, n-no matter how sour... ","approval"
"But what if they have sons?","neutral"
"It’s so crazy how [NAME] went from being an elite goaltender to barely an ahl bum in a matter of 2-3 years. I cri","joy"
"Maybe don't be friends with this person anymore...","neutral"
"He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.","disapproval"
"[NAME] playing days are over, but he can always fall back on his degree in... COMMUNICATIONS?! Oh dear Lord...","neutral"
"Good luck [NAME]","admiration"
"Now I'm over thinking. Maybe I have justified it to be able to move on and get closure???","confusion"
"I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.","remorse"
"Not really, the save file has nothing to do with the engine.","annoyance"
"Yeah I think it largely depends on how you fall. In Judo that’s one of the main things they practice.","neutral"
"I cringe at every part of all of this","fear"
"Most do, some are more reactable than others, like warlord and kensei, some are ridiculous like shinobi or conq or uncharged sb from warden","neutral"
"Be the change you want to see in the world!","caring"
"But it looks so fluffy","joy"
"Yes... you little crybabies call them fascist too? People who kill fascists are fascists right?","neutral"
"I've always loved [NAME] just saying are we all forgetting he literally won rookie of the year I know it was against no competition but still.","neutral"
"Once I dropped mine on my foot, so I grounded him to a fudd range for a weekend It was tough for both of us","realization"
"Worst feeling ever","disgust"
"god damn this is some major league pathos","neutral"
"Oh look, they’re little footballs!","neutral"
"Oh sure. I bet [NAME] is sick. Sick of Skyward Sword.","approval"
"I will definitely check that artist out, if there is something that can lift me up a little bit, it's new music. ","approval"
"I'm suprised I didn't see more of these. Thanks for the support :)","gratitude"
"There's nothing strange about a lawyer with a neo-Nazi client, but a lawyer who takes on multiple neo-Nazi clients makes me suspicious","neutral"
"This sub absolutely gets personal within seconds of anything he says being postes","annoyance"
"Let's see, cash register ink, well that's a business expense isn't it... But then I do enjoy the smell... Better not risk it","joy"
"You called me a troll and a liar and you're surprised that I sound "antagonist and confrontational"? Wow, you're impressive. Good talk.","admiration"
"I feel like I've seen a comment like this on another post","approval"
"No it doesn't. It's a lie. [NAME] is not far right. The US hasn't "installed" anyone","neutral"
"Yep, usually if it was the other way around she would love both of her cultures.","approval"
"Fry a egg with that bad boy. And you got yourself a nice breakfast.","annoyance"
"I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.","neutral"
"i have this comic and I love this bit!","love"
"Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.","fear"
"Welp , that statement is not very wrong.","disapproval"
"I hope the saints can finish this, although i think they’re gonna choke 😩. Man i hate philly","confusion"
"Darth Plagueis Trilogy AND KOTOR Tv Show &#x200B; (The fallen jedi Animation) &#x200B; ♥\_♥ Let me DREAM ","neutral"
"FANTASTIC!! I didn't know what hole to look at. Geysers!","admiration"
"Yeah people used it as precedence. That’s very sad. What’s your point? What abhorrent treatment?","curiosity"
"Fucking Real Madrid","anger"
"If one day I have daughters, I want them to be so badass that these kids! Nice to see them enjoying metal! ","approval"
"Hot take: [NAME] sucked after he went away to anger management and he suddenly changed into a moron who was completely incapable of doing anything even remotely correct.","disappointment"
"Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to","disapproval"
"Is this real? 🤔","curiosity"
"It happens so much that it really scares me tbh.","fear"
"*shitty piece of fat","neutral"
"It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol","neutral"
"Why is it ghetto, though? You could've used any other word to describe the house.","neutral"
"At least back then we didn't have AIDS.","disappointment"
"Back to Dota 2.","neutral"
"NOLA is a terrible place to live, ran by democrats forever and this is the result. ","disapproval"
"3 words , Hitachi Magic Wand","neutral"
"Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life","disappointment"
"Was it the same bike on the unreleased,MISC cover?","curiosity"
"Omg! Sounds like [NAME] was right about calling [NAME] a weirdo! That is so so odd!","annoyance"
"It's full of what?!","curiosity"
"Excuse me?","curiosity"
"that was a horrible mess with 3k skills","embarrassment"
"I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once","disappointment"
"Me, it's too cute for words.","love"
"What rights do men have that women don't in the west? Damn.","annoyance"
"If you buy a membership for yourself and your friends you can easily buy tickets to most games.","neutral"
"What goes up must come down.","neutral"
"Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.","sadness"
"Shooooot, Im down! Lets fucking make this happen! Why wait that long to reunite though?🤔","curiosity"
"Neither does anyone in Congress. Don’t act like the [NAME], [NAME] or other are much different than him. They only care about power","neutral"
"The fact that entities go around violating rights is not an argument that we should keep them.","disapproval"
"I like this one","love"
"How do people eat off paper plates when they’re not at a bbq?!","confusion"
"That looks like you need to go to the hospital ASAP or you'll lose a limb and possibly more.","caring"
"Yeah but good luck proving it in court","approval"
"I smelled this meme coming in from a mile off! So good :p","amusement"
"I'm sorry but "Amish heifer" took me OUT. ","sadness"
"Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially","annoyance"
".. :< you're welcome ;;","admiration"
"Right. He didn't even say a word. I feel like I've seen this before tho.","neutral"
"Something being blatant doesn't mean another action isn't as blatant.","annoyance"
"I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is","desire"
"[NAME] must be so disappointed with that deepfakes ban.","neutral"
"[NAME] that was so awful I collapsed into a singularity","disapproval"
"What? No way, I thought ragnarok mobile was a pretty small game holy shit","disgust"
"Oh lord, we're about to have a hell of an offseason","disappointment"
"i did, but it was at 3 am before i went to bed, so i’m gonna cheat and count it as 2018 LOL.","amusement"
"Normally drop n roll. In this case I would remove my clothes because I doubt rolling would help.","confusion"
"We need a Media Accountability Act at the very least. No journalistic immunities should be extended to for-profit media.","neutral"
"It’s a terrible thing when someone who doesn’t let themselves laugh has a reddit account","disappointment"
"British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles","annoyance"
"Almost all cars go through auctions at some point. It's nothing to worry about.","neutral"
"Thanks for the advice!","gratitude"
"I totally would tbh. He's a very handsome man.","admiration"
"JAEGER CALM DOWN!","caring"
"Clearly. Sometimes, this woman baffles me with her stupidity ","neutral"
"STAY TO THE RIGHT","neutral"
"Eating isn't a 'Healty coping mechanism', stop lying to yourself.","disapproval"
"Ah yes, the merge from 640 to 40 by papermill. Idiots do this all the time. It really messes up the traffic pattern. ","annoyance"
"Nailed it !","pride"
"I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.","neutral"
"I’m downvoting because it seems like r/iamverysmart material.","annoyance"
"She could have handed him her phone and said, "Fine! You try it!" ","neutral"
"I can’t watch the video the cringe from reading everyone’s response is enough","neutral"
"I'm sure you weren't alive and I don't recall ever specifically accusing you of doing so.","approval"
"Sorry if you wanted a serious reply, I don’t know the real reason 😅","confusion"
"Because it contains the nudity of a child, and that is a federal crime?","neutral"
"Though i think i preferred it when it was artistic and gritty i still love that series. Listening to the audiobook he took the voices from. highly recomended","love"
"I feel like some people here think top mind means anything they disagree with.","disapproval"
"I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.","approval"
"But we libertarians are incapable of blindly voting for a bad candidate based on party! /s","neutral"
"I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago","disappointment"
"One of those is not like the others.","disapproval"
"Your reading skills are unparalleled","confusion"
"Happy Abortion, Everybody!","admiration"
"Lethargy and depression both make me personally expect to not go through that later in life dilemma but kudos for finding the cure.","neutral"
"Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!","neutral"
"Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke","amusement"
"Bet China makes a huge profit from transplant-tourism.","neutral"
"OMG if the [NAME] and [NAME] run... I'll have the worst of time deciding who to vote for!","confusion"
"I like the game tonight","love"
"[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.","gratitude"
"At least you weren’t talking to a [NAME]!","anger"
"Not one single figure anywhere to be seen. Reminds me of auld Soviet propaganda. "The harvest is up" "People happier than ever"","joy"
"This is I speak it but the screenshot is a challenge.","neutral"
"[NAME] best girl","neutral"
"this has happened to me twice...most embarrassing shit","disappointment"
"Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.","anger"
"You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time","disappointment"
"We already had that fake news before. There's no such discussion.","annoyance"
"We have freeish speech. If you can be prosecuted for something you say then you can't in any way that we have free speech.","optimism"
"What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!","confusion"
"No Rand Paul, so it’s far from a complete list.","disapproval"
"> laughing me off. > can’t expect everyone to be current on every topic","amusement"
"I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.","annoyance"
"Loved that damn [NAME]","love"
"Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.","disapproval"
"I would love to get microblading but its so iffy about if it’ll be good or not. I’ve seen a lot of terrible turn outs","nervousness"
"cause he likes to eat garbage.","disgust"
"Sky full of song, June, Patricia and The End of Love all by Florence + The Machine ","neutral"
"cars don't start, sometimes car doors are frozen shut. that's the worst of what i've experienced.","annoyance"
"[NAME] IS STILL THE ONLY QB IN THE NFC NORTH WITH A PLAYOFF WIN!","surprise"
"I didn’t know [NAME] disliked Pittsburgh so much","surprise"
"I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.","love"
"Youre being dowmvoted but you are absolutely correct. I have a feelingnyour downvotes are more a sign of the obesity problem than anything","approval"
"Congrats on the IP shadowban my dude","admiration"
"Me too! I have more money this time!","neutral"
"We need the pen kid to drop a beat to this.","desire"
"She even tweeted the Ghost Adventures crew, oh wow. ","admiration"
"No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day","disapproval"
"I never said anything about the river. St Paul's is the most prominent adjacent landmark to me.","relief"
"Thank you, what kind of lawyer would be best in this case?","curiosity"
"Let's get the streak going.","neutral"
"Someone here is in denial, and it ain’t the daugther. ","realization"
"I took a nap with my boyfriend this evening. It was really sweet of him to just let me rest, you know? I feel you. ","love"
"i love it but i hate everything around it. I want to theorycraft a deck with all the cards i want without having to spend money.","anger"
"Never thought I’d see a comrade here","surprise"
"It's not an conscious choice to be uncomfortable about something.","neutral"
"The irony that most of these disgusting things wouldn’t have made it through the winter without vaccines","disgust"
"Fuck you I was in the bed:/","anger"
"He was! And people in my class would be so hard on him about his accent. I hear the guy teaching the class now is really good, though!","admiration"
"Visit Texas, or come to AZ. Then you’ll understand.","optimism"
"Thank you very much. Follow up question what is a suura?","curiosity"
"Looks like a hover hand for a few frames.","approval"
"It's the [NAME] of hot dogs","amusement"
"Yet... here you are, a nodoby whining about others accomplishments on the internet. 13 year old you was probably smarter than you are now.","admiration"
"May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤","grief"
"Lol. That's exactly what I said. Yep. That's it.","amusement"
"Happy new years!!","gratitude"
"Boy I hope someone got fired for that blunder. (honestly I thought of messing up this quote just to screw with you too)","neutral"
"Boosting is when someone else is the biggest ad-hominem yet, because it was in a situation like this.","disgust"
"Air traffic controllers are responsible for 100,000x the amount of lives. Should they be getting paid more? I'm not sure this is the best argument to make. ","confusion"
"Are you saying he put in the wrong oil?","confusion"
"Good timing with the two breweries having just opened up. Gotta check them out when I'm in that neck of the woods again.","admiration"
"I have never seen [NAME] playing like this! (only started watching this season, not sure about last one)","neutral"
"Do you want help?","caring"
"Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh","disappointment"
"so basically, there’s a rumor that there’s a rumor that [NAME] trilogy might take place after the ST?","neutral"
"why fire make hand hurt","confusion"
"I have the worst memory ever. Idk if it's from all the weed I smoked but I also have a blank mind like all the time.","disgust"
"Cheers! *clink*","joy"
"They’re not exactly tiny creatures. Patch that hole up, my dude.","disapproval"
"Ah yes, downvoted somebody for being different. Ever acceptant.","approval"
"Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!","amusement"
"You’re right, republicans are worse because they have nukes.","approval"
"Must have got the same person in who did that [NAME] statue.","neutral"
"Omg yes feels like being new born.","excitement"
"I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.","disapproval"
"Gotta love [NAME].","neutral"
"Don't get insulted by it","caring"
"Clearly. Sometimes, this woman baffles me with her stupidity ","confusion"
"great ideas!","admiration"
"This is a great photoshop! On a related note... retire [NAME] Number and Maybe [NAME] number..... oh and also fire Garpax","admiration"
"I hope they caught the bastard","optimism"
"I had a friend send me a 3+ hour paranoid conspiracy documentary, zeitgeist I think it was called... Wasted 10 minutes before I noped the fuck out..","anger"
"i hope kawhi doesnt step foot outside its cold af today","optimism"
"Trae making sure the traetors don't make fun of his 3pt%","neutral"
"When your 25 and it’s your first kiss.... No one wants to be a 25 yr olds first kiss.","neutral"
"I got them, stagediving out the nosebleeds!","neutral"
"After christmas. January 4th. Lol","amusement"
"Much appreciated !","admiration"
"Legality never made anything just or meant that something is Moral. The holocaust was legal, so was segregation.","neutral"
"Yea that makes sense. It seems like just another ploy for attention on her end 🤷‍♀️","approval"
"The drop is the best part of the rollercoaster! :)","admiration"
"That’s methed up","neutral"
"I would say there is a very good chance he did not buy these drugs at a pharmacy.","gratitude"
"According to them, it's perfectly acceptable to have intimacy with a woman and then ghost/block her number. Lol.","amusement"
"That doesn’t even look like her! Except the [NAME] in the background, now that’s the one we know and love.","admiration"
"Same. Wasn't good enough. Left broken. Edit: more broken","approval"
"Why does everyone hate the creme brûlées? They’re easily my favorite.","admiration"
"I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha","approval"
"You're my mvp for the night haha. I'll drop by there tonight, thanks!","amusement"
"I would feel like the biggest idiot if I made your comment.","amusement"
"If we change the definition of what we are, maybe women will want to fuck us! -incel logic","realization"
"Lol thank god someone else thinks this. There's nothing overly premium or innovative about the Elite controller.","approval"
"While this makes me happy to know, it would probably be for the best if we didn't post these things where abusers can find out about them.","neutral"
"Funny a lot of rich kids think 100k a year is very feasible.","amusement"
"Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!","surprise"
"Don't even bother with him lol. He's a mindless sexist, doesn't believe facts at all lmao","anger"
"(It was a joke)","neutral"
"There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.","neutral"
"Don't worry, he's getting Karma.","optimism"
"[NAME] got bank...he's paying people to count his cash. He's doing fine","approval"
"That map looks interesting. I have always wanted an oil platform in game.","approval"
"Your company sucks.","disapproval"
"Still. He didnt have to go after that ball. Thats just his nature though, he doesnt give up. Hope its not very serious. ","approval"
"Good luck and have fun","amusement"
"I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.","joy"
"I mean all of those countries were doing really well before the US stepped anywhere near them... Press X to doubt","admiration"
"I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.","approval"
"U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum","annoyance"
"Speak for yourself. YOU don't care.","annoyance"
"Time for a shot bud!!!!!","approval"
"That’s a stud combo, that Baker jersey looks so sexy as a classic","gratitude"
"I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh","confusion"
"It was a great AMA too","admiration"
"I can't really provide anything to you that you haven't already deliberately misread yourself. I can't force you to be honest.","annoyance"
"AOC used the exact version that [NAME] had been pushing for years. So it's no surprise that its nuclear-phobic.","neutral"
"Like always i will wait and see thanks for the post tho [NAME]","gratitude"
"im alright my dude, didn’t realize how dark this was i might take it down","confusion"
"just go google search, but some r real some r unreal lol","optimism"
"This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint","disappointment"
"Yeah and I love my dog and I'd miss my dad.","love"
"Good for you OP! I hope you find a much better playgroup soon!","optimism"
"*sighs* One day Blizzard will finally understand that [NAME] teleport is what needs changing and not his damn passive ability. For now, the dream must remain a dream....","neutral"
"Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it","joy"
"I think this is the only place on the internet that is happy with this commercial hahaha","approval"
"So looks like it was gang violence?","nervousness"
"I'm a PR and I've been lucky enough to have millions in capital and that is ALL the statue states.","gratitude"
"[NAME] knocking [NAME] out. Somehow, I didn't expect the brainwashed soldier to betray the kids.","surprise"
"So she's basically repeating everything they paid CTR to say back during the primaries.","neutral"
"Stupid [NAME] is playing into the Church's hands. What an idiot. He has an amphetamine addiction.","anger"
"i'm not that into shower sex tho. like it's fun sometimes, but it takes me so long to get off when i'm wet.","amusement"
"God damn, [NAME] gets 2 Mikans? Lucky.","neutral"
"I would have laughed it off and walked away. Last thing I would do is ask the internet if I was right or wrong.","disapproval"
"I may have awful taste, i would want this cake","desire"
"Her lying, narcotics addicted, pedophilic grandmother with physical ailments that cause her to be a serious lethal danger on multiple levels.","neutral"
"Damn I wish I we're friends with [NAME]. I could use 197k","disgust"
"If he was a human being he wouldn't have subjected me to that song damn near constantly for a year.","neutral"
"These are the same people who make fun of single women who own pets.","joy"
"Nobody said you don't have the right lmao","neutral"
"I think it's time to let him go, for your life's sake!","approval"
"This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.","admiration"
"I can't believe people wanted to trade him. [NAME] is unbelievable, so glad he's on our team ","gratitude"
"I wish mine believed in it. Haha. He was just bouncing on his bed and laughing, then crying. Maybe he’ll get it eventually.","optimism"
"Just the fact that people constantly use words like "incel" to demean people proves that society is getting worse than it already is.","neutral"
"YES YOU SHOULD, although it's only in 2300. Surrounding communes get expensive quickly.","optimism"
"Booty matters MUCH more in my opinion","neutral"
"Did you have to ask? Just pay the ticket and be done with it.","annoyance"
"So time to trade [NAME] for a 6th round pick then eh.","neutral"
"me too! a guy a few posts up as well... I wonder how many of us we need for a class action lawsuit","approval"
"I just guffawed at work. I hope your lawyer takes him to the cleaners.","optimism"
"I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.","sadness"
"this actually made me LOL, thanks","annoyance"
"I meant I wouldn't bring up wanting it to be vanilla and changing terms.","approval"
"Fish tanks and fiddlesticks, that was intense!","admiration"
"every time it gets a little wet and windy","confusion"
"Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq","disapproval"
"You can pry my eggs from my cold, dead, artery-clogged hands.","neutral"
"We tried, the place I go is just a rundown old town trashy high school filled with kids who have the background to shoot the place up","optimism"
"Daily would be great, but...life stuff like work sometimes get in the way.","admiration"
"That was fun.","amusement"
"Well, yeah. She wasn't the best actress up for the award by a long shot. I don't think this is a surprise to anyone.","admiration"
"its north park","neutral"
"Everytime? So 3 times a day you rewatch the bloopers and deleted scenes? How often do you repeat, probably weekly?","curiosity"
"The Vikings....they make me the most angry.","neutral"
"> , believe me. ","neutral"
"more like consistent*winner*, i hope you find a lasting happiness","optimism"
"Damn this got me","annoyance"
"Isn’t it the worst feeling ever?","disgust"
"This is a bad post and you should feel bad for being the author","disappointment"
"I clicked tive times on the Facebook like Button","neutral"
"I always laugh at the statement above. "Qualified to give a urine sample?" "Huh?"","amusement"
"Looks like a badly designed [NAME] avatar","annoyance"
"It violates my right to enjoy my tinnitus. eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee","neutral"
"We weren't just husband and wife, we were best friends (i thought)","love"
"Maybe one "episode", but they're definitely going to go Part 1 and Part 2 on the third act.","confusion"
"i hate furries","anger"
"Standing ovation. Nicely done.","admiration"
"If this thread turns into a shitshow like the last it will also be locked. Fair warning...","caring"
"I hear you buddy. I rage so hard my jaws lock","neutral"
"-no scary creatures trying to kill you- Ha! You haven't heard of Rhode Islanders yet! /s","neutral"
"Lol you're an idiot.","amusement"
"it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving","approval"
"52k upvotes in 2 hours. That's Reddit for you! Congrats, guy!","gratitude"
"Because we don't want another Cold War, or worse on our hands. Russia is a powerful country. Picking a fight could be very risky.","disapproval"
"Just what I needed to hear today! Thanks!","approval"
"Really love the "Midtown Yards" greenspace in the Mikyoung Kim design and also the Agence Ter design. ","love"
"She's probably increased in usage now cause people want the wins for that Bastet skin lol","neutral"
"i actually dont mind either of those","approval"
"Because they want to believe [NAME] is a man, despite them claiming that [NAME] is no man..?","neutral"
"Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.","disapproval"
"i think there is empirical data for evolution...","confusion"
"And the apartment is clean! You can see the floor!","joy"
"Lmao thanks for the update!","gratitude"
"No, just illness, as long as it does less harm than good. ","neutral"
"Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone","gratitude"
"I am so glad they didn't have this attendance in my day, skipping class would be impossible.","joy"
"I love it.","love"
"...holy crap.","surprise"
"37 and together 12 years. 11 yo kiddo. Thanks for the tip. You're right.","gratitude"
"I got your back, bros. (nsfw, duh) ","neutral"
"I thought I was the only one. And going insane.","neutral"
"I did some social media snooping since I posted this. Turns out they’re both not retired at 25. Go figure.","approval"
"THIS IS TRAUMATISING","disappointment"
"Wow, why is he trying to interfere with these people's freedom of assembly and freedom of speech? wHaT aBoUt tHe ConSTItutIoN?!","annoyance"
"Thank you brother","gratitude"
"Happy Cake Day! I, too, have been a victim of cake.","amusement"
"Think of his target audience. They’re the ones who are fooled by talkers, not thinkers.","neutral"
"Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?","remorse"
"I was more interested in seeing if anyone had quotes from him saying one way or another","curiosity"
"Post on the [NAME] and listen to info wars, you shouldn’t have an opinion on the Internet and you should not share it","neutral"
"Dang something actually useful rather than a skin we won't use cuz we already have Belzebub","optimism"
"A lot of kids at my school say Homecoming is the best but I would say Spider-Man 2 is.","approval"
"I don’t think you can be compelled to testify against someone else over a traffic violation, I would just feign ignorance","neutral"
"I was eating watching tonight's episode. OMG I never will again. You all know what I mean. The opening scene!!!","neutral"
"But you clearly agree with most or some of his ideas, do you not?","curiosity"
"I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.","neutral"
"How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].","disappointment"
"You're giving the coyotes faaaaarrrr to much credit they cross mostly around the wall.","neutral"
"guess nature has it all wrong then, for physical work what he said is undeniably the case.","neutral"
"You're right but ”just be confident” (I know that you didn't say it ) is really hard when you're unattractive","disgust"
"If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.","realization"
"It sure did! for a month I still think a Villa/Spang platoon should have been given more of a look.","approval"
"Without the skill, or body, like seriously, not to sound badass, but I'm 14 and look bigger than this [NAME] wannabe ","sadness"
"Great to see him involved.","admiration"
"May is like a bad smell you can’t get rid of","disappointment"
"A video that makes me happy","joy"
"I'm happy I live in a country where machete attacks don't have to be a real concern.","joy"
"2 losses to 1 loss, hmmmm seems we should be above them ","neutral"
"Hypocritical is pot calling the kettle genocide","neutral"
"You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.","neutral"
"That and losing [NAME]. The two of them had instant chemistry. Excited to see is he can become a big part of our offense next year.","excitement"
"Did I just get called [NAME]? Achievement Unlocked!","confusion"
"You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head","annoyance"
"To be fair, we’re still missing CP3 and [NAME]. This game has been pretty ugly overall though. ","disgust"
"I don't get it haha man it sucks not knowing what a wall phone is haha","neutral"
"What is with people microwaving cheese on top of chips and calling it nachos?","anger"
"You can do it!!!","pride"
"if only we could blast this type of stuff out there for everyone to hear, then we might just get get those neo libs to the realization.","annoyance"
"I wish this had sound so I could hear the crowd roaring in the background. This is so wholesome. Look how excited he gets.","desire"
"And now she works for King5 Seattle. She must have only needed to focus on being a Mom for a couple months.","admiration"
"If it’s so in demands why are you posting that you can only get unpaid internships","curiosity"
"I would start laughing, screaming seems inappropriate","amusement"
"[NAME] and [NAME] aren't cousins in this timeline, I believe. Just best friends.","approval"
"Handsome with dark touch!","admiration"
"Wheres [NAME] to make sense of all this?!","neutral"
"Is this the real life?","neutral"
"She’s fab but the reflection of that guy in the window got me curious tho","admiration"
"Can’t die alone if you got yourself","neutral"
"Instinct and Intellect are opposites, never said they were the same","neutral"
"Not a fan of Hot Space. I like one song on there and that's Under Pressure.","love"
"I never heard much detailed discussion at church, mostly general references to them.","neutral"
"You can't vote here anyway so it is a moot point.","disapproval"
"And you've never driven over the speed limit?","curiosity"
"Daily Wire is a hate site, and [NAME] is a bigot.","disgust"
"Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺","neutral"
"If I hear "not sorry, [NAME]" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]","gratitude"
"[NAME], you're annoying. Did [NAME] steal your girl or what? Everytime someone mentions [NAME] on this subreddit, you appear to trash talk him.","annoyance"
"Watching [NAME] flip his head back every poke of contact is possibly the most frustrating thing to watch","neutral"
"Taking a charge up 30. I love this team","love"
"You’re a good man. Stay blessed","admiration"
"tell him i love him","neutral"
"Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too. ","anger"
"glad to see paleho's doing well","pride"
"What a refreshing question and topic of discussion. 👏 NOT 🙄 *“Discuss.”*","neutral"
"I take care of my kids!","caring"
"Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.","fear"
"The moral of the story is obviously you should only engage women with whom you have a prior business arrangement. I.e., whores.","anger"
"Well at this precise moment in time, you can drink more... that will remedy any feeling of being depressed. Hit the shots!","caring"
"Having money and a job aren’t the only determining factors for success.","neutral"
"To be fair it seems like we're in a month-long shutdown because a large portion of the feds are desperately tryjng to not build a wall.","neutral"
"No thanks, I prefer my [NAME] with red laser-swords.","disapproval"
"Nah you’re good. I’d rather date someone who never married/never had kids than the opposite.","approval"
"Damn, [NAME] us just 2 steps behind all the time. It's just a matter of time before he gets some great shots in.","realization"
"I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!","amusement"
"I sure hope this dog is reunited with its family. It is one of the cutest dogs I’ve seen, a very unique looking pup!","admiration"
"The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.","disgust"
"U would be right. Oh yeah yeah","surprise"
"Much thanks!","gratitude"
"Pasta left to your door today is 4 years as outdated! Be aware. Some quality grammar there...","caring"
"If we can’t even score on the power play pulling the goalie made no sense","disapproval"
"Yup, he's still one of the strongest turtles in the game though. Eventually you're gonna have to attack.","admiration"
"Very curious why there is no other competition in this market space","curiosity"
"Great to see him involved.","admiration"
"Because they don't realize that the Act of Union occurred. Either that or people don't like that this guy is being pedantic.","neutral"
"Then be happy for that. If you gave friends that means they care and you can build off that yo have a decent life.","neutral"
"Reported again :)","neutral"
""IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"","anger"
"That is so cool!","admiration"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are ok because they were devout [NAME]. Like they hate secular music.. but U2 is worshipped by a lot of the 40-something [NAME].","approval"
"Search your feelings, you know it to be true","approval"
"I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here","love"
"That's the death mark, Looks like you've been chosen for sacrifice. Sorry bud","gratitude"
"Who else thought [NAME] looked stunning last night","curiosity"
"Ah does look fun","amusement"
"The lil dance he does after is amazing too","admiration"
"Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result","neutral"
"Do your worst. The tag just describes your views. Could have been much more vicious.","disgust"
"Wet dreams don't count","disapproval"
"[NAME] is a comedic goldmine. I don't blame comedians for milking the idiot.","neutral"
"And I've no monkeys left.... Sorry man","gratitude"
"It’s interesting that [NAME] is often the only little kid credited with being the one to desegregate schools in New Orleans.","neutral"
"just speculation at this point but it's not looking good","disapproval"
"Didn't seem patronising to me.. just kids being kids when confronted with a guy banging on a drum.","neutral"
"Valid. I think we mentioned in the Discord that exact point the other day.","neutral"
"Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods","optimism"
"Hangry is real and it comes with a horrible vengeance at fast food places and restaurants","neutral"
"hope he keeps his shit together, he can become great","admiration"
"That was the chillest Sharks GDT against an Eastern Conference team in a while.","neutral"
"Well Happy Birthday from another random stranger on the internet. I spent my birthday mostly alone too, hope your day wasn’t too bad. 💙","optimism"
"[NAME] didn't even know cass's e heals her until [NAME] told him :(","neutral"
"And the healthy snacks are on their way!","excitement"
"Don't worry... I'm on this. I'm using the non business days to cool off and figure it out. Visiting an attorney Monday morning.","disappointment"
"I prefer boyfriend over partner any day lol","amusement"
"Thank you OP , I can finally look at a picture of [NAME] without vomiting. ","gratitude"
"If I ever see that in my area, that will be a bullet to the head. Fuck Reddit's rules.","anger"
"This one is solid. OP's joke is piss.","admiration"
"As we shouldn't. We are trying to win a SB here not showcase another star player.","disapproval"
"Haha, my apologies!","amusement"
"Love your username","love"
"I can't believe people voted us to beat Sydney. I've become extremely optimistic over the past few months and even i voted Sydney.","surprise"
"Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.","neutral"
"It's so odd. He even sits in the co-pilot spot. Why isn't he now the pilot? [NAME] had never even flown into space before.","embarrassment"
"[NAME] looks like he just saw the Star Wars holiday special.","approval"
"Explaining the whole thing i wouldnt have the heart to physically or mebtally hurt a person such as raping someone","disapproval"
"I take it you'll be consistent in this stance and never go to the doctor, because there's nothing you can do to stop it. ","neutral"
"But little did I know, she found out about "[NAME]" texts","neutral"
"Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u","disappointment"
"No, not related to [NAME]. I forget where we found it. It was in some legal documentation on WISDOJ (I think).","realization"
"I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame. ","neutral"
"Played Divinity as well. Is Atlantica what I was describing? If so I'll give it a shot indeed. Is it still alive?","curiosity"
"Same. Thats not the usual flight path out of [NAME]. Really curious how they got this pic.","curiosity"
"Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.","realization"
"That little smile at the end is exactly why she looks fun.","neutral"
"Because that's illegal in Ontario. Even without a lease, the landlord can't simply increase the rent.","neutral"
"I remember that one. I to found a special fondness for vacuums after that.","love"
"He's most likely been misinformed","neutral"
"Lets see who all has been interested in talking about medschoolgate since the top mind in question took his cause up with Stormfront and","neutral"
"Big boobs have never made me more or less attracted to a woman.","neutral"
"Well then you obviously have no fucking clue what equality means.","anger"
"Welcome to the club. She hit me hard 3 months ago n I'm still recovering.","gratitude"
"Right now it sucks ass I gotta squat in snow in the freezing cold in the back yard of my apartment complex holding a little bong","anger"
"Yeah some kid in a BMW ran me off the road. I didnt just crash had some help.","nervousness"
"I’ve only been there once but really enjoyed it!! But I think it’s missing a pool table ;)","joy"
"True to the first, I hope to the second.","approval"
"im sure it's a real slap in the face","approval"
"Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.","confusion"
"My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.","annoyance"
"I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you","disgust"
"This makes me so happy, having a step parent can be a sensitive thing but you are definitely a good example of what to do, congrats!","gratitude"
"So the term Londoner is now Sunderlander? Thanks for the update.","confusion"
"it was a big improvement over when I was younger and we went to carman concerts","realization"
"aight guess the refs didn't choose us this game [NAME]","neutral"
"I'm surprised who posted this bc she's normally a sweet women but then there was this","surprise"
"Thanks? Lol. Pairing [NAME] or [NAME] with [NAME], defensively, though? Yikes, to say the least.","amusement"
"I have one crazy as hell three year old boy.","annoyance"
"[NAME] wasn't apart of that team. That was [NAME]","disapproval"
"Relive the magic. <3 [NAME] & [NAME]","neutral"
"CURRRRRRRRY!","excitement"
"Spot on. You have astute comments.","approval"
"Sorry I should have been more specific! A spiral chemical perm (I love curly hair!)","remorse"
"Lol, my parents know my old account too and probably this one. The struggles are real","amusement"
"Weird way to spell beer.","disgust"
"Did you maybe get Tag and Hide and Seek confused ?","confusion"
"There are Cubs fans that died at 95 without ever having seen their favorite team win a title. At what point is the LOILTY worth it?","anger"
"If they’re not gonna get anyone else with that money then I wouldn’t have minded","neutral"
"We're trying to be 3-16 on the road with a positive point differential lol","amusement"
"These are the kinds of comments we don't need here","neutral"
"As a democrat, even I am afraid of a super majority. ","fear"
"Seriously, I’ve been catching and loving this one since it first came out.","admiration"
"What Da?!?!?!! Welp, ya learn something new!!!! Damn!!!!","annoyance"
"You might not be eating enough. You almost have to double. 2000 calories of meat vs 2000 calories of veggies is a HUGR difference.","disapproval"
"For sure brodie, keep us posted man","neutral"
"[NAME] I *swear*","neutral"
"This may be one of those 'pick your battles' situations. Him not paying tithing is HUGE. I would take that as a massive victory.","annoyance"
"I just don’t like him 😂","anger"
"Yep, this cunt again.","neutral"
"Is this in New Orleans?? I really feel like this is New Orleans.","confusion"
"That's such a well said last sentence...","admiration"
"27 too many","neutral"
"I call [NAME] fraud! That's not the first time she saw [NAME] after prison.","neutral"
"My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...","remorse"
"You gotta work on you dude!! If you're not confident you're not ready, get yourself straight And all will fall into place. ","annoyance"
"I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.","embarrassment"
"Yup, cats can you think it could get the correct call. The US and holy shit how do you know there are too brittle.","annoyance"
"You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.","annoyance"
"Presumably he was more excited about making her stay with some pedo jerkoff fantasy of "Stockholm Syndrome" .. oh she's staying cuz she looooooves me! ","neutral"
"[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.","annoyance"
"Wendy’s sauce I hope lol","annoyance"
"are you speaking from experience?","curiosity"
"Well someone took Freaky Friday to #10...","amusement"
"Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.","anger"
"Y'all i have option one. Lemme tell you. Sex is important. I miss it","approval"
"Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse. ","disappointment"
" No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...","disapproval"
"But actually, they are all beta","approval"
"Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for ","embarrassment"
"Look at this fancy guy being able to afford eggs.","neutral"
"Super [NAME] told me [NAME] was crap though and that [NAME] was far better :(","neutral"
"what is cringe about this?","neutral"
"Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.","desire"
""...after the ear grew back..." Wait. What?","neutral"
"That's cute love it!","love"
"I don't want PR to vote because they'll vote blue. I want them to vote because they deserve the right to have representation.","disapproval"
"For fun!","joy"
"Wow, that's so clever!","admiration"
"I’m just gonna see how tomorrow goes tbh. I’ll take life one day at a time :) thank you for the help ❤️","gratitude"
"It's special if you're into it. Some women genuinely enjoy it.","approval"
"Beautiful stranger i don’t have to talk to them after","admiration"
"I dont get the joke","confusion"
"I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him","remorse"
"As long as I have my plasma rifle and some combat armour, I think I can traverse the wastes without a ride just fine. ","neutral"
"I wonder what was more painful, the stitches or the humiliation.","curiosity"
"I cant even deal with this you are fighting with someone over your inability to understand a sooooooooooooooooo is sarcasm. Get some help","amusement"
"Couldn't really fit this as a "how to," does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source: ","curiosity"
"I hope The pelicans trade him and [NAME] if they trade [NAME]. Hate to see them waste away in NO","anger"
"Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!","approval"
"Am i the only one wondering about the white scrolly bar at the top of this post that has the intro to the story?","neutral"
"Ah thanks so much","gratitude"
"But [NAME] is fine","approval"
"Please dont put words into my mouth.I never said rape isnt a problem.","annoyance"
"Cut this out .. ALLEN or bust","neutral"
"It’s definitely around in Eastern Nebraska. You can even get it at Runza.","neutral"
"I def think [NAME] has a lot of upside still, but yeah just a bummer that he's no [NAME].","neutral"
"Thank you for the advice!","gratitude"
"during Cowhers 15 seasons, HOF QBs (or future HOF QBs) won 13 of the 15 SBs. ","realization"
"I watched this last night and somehow missed this","neutral"
"has anyone been successful sending bitcoin to another wallet?","neutral"
"Which is why he wasn't the best at colonialism. You can't just murder the people you're supposed to enslave.","annoyance"
"No disadvantages in stereotypes.","neutral"
"oh wow never heard of that in my life sorry","remorse"
"I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging","admiration"
"Looks fade, having a partnership with people that love and care about each other doesn't have to.","love"
"DAYUM!!!!! This post is lit AF. Got some verbal geniuses on this one.","admiration"
"Wolf and her dog ❤️","neutral"
"Not sure about [NAME], but I think [NAME] would win easily against [NAME]","optimism"
"You should stop visiting it then no?","curiosity"
"I think they meant r/socialism_101 (needs an underscore). r/communism101 is also a good one.","admiration"
"There is no such thing as a species that is not evolved yet. By definition, all species are evolved.","neutral"
"I'd get the call of the void way too hard here.","neutral"
"Like I said please have a great day !","caring"
"What a biotch","neutral"
"Do you know my ex husband? You sound so much like him according to his old coworkers.","approval"
"honestly I dig it, though [NAME] could rock it better than anyone ever could!","realization"
"If they had tried to free their friends first, their bomb would have been confiscated so I say they made the right choice.","approval"
"where’s that tashy bastard","neutral"
"Thanks for the clarity.","gratitude"
"This incident happened a few years ago, before the angle. So it’s really establishing a pattern of horrible behavior. ","neutral"
"If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?","curiosity"
"I know! If it's going to be that cold I want snow. I think there's a chance next weekend","desire"
"B + A? Is that [NAME] and [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.","disapproval"
"How much do u get an onion of sniff for? 1500+ for me","neutral"
"That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...","approval"
"Hopefully you don't come across too many crews like that yourself though. Always better when the combat is honorable.","admiration"
"that's so sweet","optimism"
"Looks kinda lame","neutral"
"They’ve got 1.5 stars off 43 reviews on Yelp. You’ve got to be pretty bad to get that low.","neutral"
"TY for the encouragement! ❤️","love"
"Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.","approval"
"The problem with that it would show how the comics end and people would hate that","neutral"
"Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.","admiration"
"The music caught me off guard","admiration"
"Typical spewing of logical fallacies by a dotard. Go back to bestgunnit and play with the other special needs children.","neutral"
"She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells","embarrassment"
"THROW OUT BOYLEN","anger"
"I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast","desire"
"Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.","excitement"
"Hope the only downsizing that happens is someone downsizes your age","desire"
"It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.","annoyance"
"Try Rescue Melatonin Strawberry gummies and Natural Calm in hot water. They saved my life.","caring"
"She has naturally chubby cheeks that are set on high cheekbones. I've seen it before and it's not abnormal.","disapproval"
"Hell yeah. I'm really just thinking about the irony and double standard of the Left. It's amazing that these people are that cognitive dissonant.","anger"
"Let's kill and eat them all. That'll stop those damned animals from deforesting my forests","anger"
"Damn straight.","anger"
"> asylum Asylum doesn't mean "handouts"- they are abusing the asylum process because their countries are shitholes.","annoyance"
"not to distract from the refs but i mean we have a deep bench and pull our starters early","neutral"
"It was a very clear shot of his face and it would have been weird to post.","realization"
"Putting your finger and a loose cloth inside the 3 jaw chuck to polish the inside is insanely dangerous","fear"
"She night have a work permit that’s good for a year. Those usually arrive “earlier” than the green card.","neutral"
"Eh, I find everything being dead a bit more gloomy than a few clouds.","neutral"
"Any response helps and makes me feel like I’m not alone....thank you❤️","gratitude"
"That’s what I’m terrified of.","fear"
"We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.","neutral"
"says you, too bad you're totally wrong.","anger"
"Despite how much the Liberals and NDP apparently hate each other they really do work well together.","neutral"
"Was at the game yesterday and at the game now. It's a miserable gong show. Why do I keep doing this to myself?","annoyance"
"Hopefully you don't come across too many crews like that yourself though. Always better when the combat is honorable.","optimism"
"Oh 100%. And I could see [NAME] & [NAME] both picking [NAME] cause of how she wanted to play the game.","approval"
"Wouldn’t doubt its for good reasons, just didn’t understand what the were.","neutral"
"Sending love and strength vibes <3","love"
"Congratulatioins!","gratitude"
"Kind of wierd to wield something you agree with someone on as a weapon against them","neutral"
"He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.","admiration"
"I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.","amusement"
"Ive initiated with men I dont have ahigh attraction to. I have a high libido. Your post seems overly simplistic of gender.","neutral"
"Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].","desire"
"What a very "centrist" thing to say. ","surprise"
"I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.","approval"
"She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]","approval"
"I'm crying laughing in the cubes.","amusement"
"“Stop replying to me as I send you a message first!” Oh, meat eaters ❤️","annoyance"
"Can I just say I’ve been approached by women, I’m no [NAME], think on that incels.","curiosity"
"Omg this is awesome. What a witch, I’m so glad they escorted her out. ","admiration"
"What a legend. True spidey meme master","admiration"
"I’m a hitman. Joke. I’m a forensic science student. Really enjoy my course, but I’m changing to biomedicine. ","amusement"
"There’s nothing more oppressive than having all the power in the world and then having a minority group point it out to you","confusion"
"You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool","remorse"
"lol my mom once told me that alcohol can't be a drug because it's legal","neutral"
"I think Kabuki would be a better comparison","desire"
"In Soviet USA, the simple minded twit who finds himself in all sorts of adventures IS the president.","neutral"
"When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.","confusion"
">Add in reduced physician compensation and the number of doctors will go down, Where is this info?","curiosity"
"I love how that's pretty much all they can do, literally beg for him not to run.","love"
"Nah, stick with me, I've got a new angle.","neutral"
"Of course, us first borns gotta stick together. ❤️","love"
"Dammit!!!","annoyance"
"NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!","annoyance"
"Where? Sorry, the link doesn't seem to work!","embarrassment"
""Oh my [NAME] who is he? I get drunk on jealousy" -[NAME]-","neutral"
"You missed the point 🙃","annoyance"
"why are you a detective all of a sudden","confusion"
"I thought it was still in theaters.","curiosity"
"Damn it if that isn’t the most accurate description of growing up.","curiosity"
"You know what, I think we're gonna be friends. *Special* friends. ","neutral"
"Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!","neutral"
"Is everybody forgetting that bills need to be signed by the president to become law, or get 2/3rds support in both chambers if not?","confusion"
"lol it’s pretty tame compared to r/Titlegore","disapproval"
"I’m glad I’m not the only one who was pedantic enough to notice.","gratitude"
"Well first, im against government period, and second im conveying this under a layer of satire to make the ideas spread more easily","disapproval"
"Right outside of 723, formerly quad studios. 2pac was shot in the elevator of that studio. ","neutral"
"Wait u went to a hooker? I thought it was a massage person that was attracted to you","admiration"
"Been there a few times but not recently. I'm a builder mostly, been behind the scenes and behind a fair amount of big brands since 2008-ish","approval"
"You played yourself","neutral"
"Start doing things you want to do? Doesnt need to be the same things as your peers but just the things you like.","approval"
"Well someone should stop them!","optimism"
"I had a similar experience. I used to be masters for a while, and now am GM. People are not very understanding of new GMs.","neutral"
"aint that obvious","disapproval"
"To get a feel for [NAME], I recommend searching them on YouTube - there are curated shorter clips on different topics.","neutral"
"Oh so we get to see [NAME] being a good kid. And then [NAME] tries to MURDER HIM. Makes sense.","approval"
"literally wasn’t the worst effort of the season","approval"
"Oh, the boat was already on its way out lol","neutral"
"I like to be scared actually!","excitement"
"What about every series prior to that? [NAME] was awful vs the bucks [NAME] was awesome. What about the years before that?","curiosity"
"Never get out of the boat.","neutral"
"You haven't presented a reason to not care.","neutral"
"The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great","admiration"
"Speaking *of* bias, there's probably a good reason why you got banned.","neutral"
"People are idiots....sheep don't magically become independent thinkers just because their food source changes","disapproval"
"Thank you, I couldn’t figure out what he was trying to say!","disappointment"
"This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.","admiration"
"thank you SO SO much for your help <3","gratitude"
"I like the reference to the Good Place :)","love"
"My fans on patreon will be rewarded soon","excitement"
"I said nothing of the sort.","annoyance"
"Lesson #1: never but anything from Wish","approval"
"I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.","disappointment"
"4 lives essentially, its insane","surprise"
"Looks like backyard [NAME] and the gang have a new member... [NAME]!","neutral"
"For real. I get tired of all the griping. Deal with it or get out.. or start a freaking riot and make changes.","anger"
"You all are looking at this guy reading this book, but ARE YOU SEEING HOW HAIRY THIS GUYS ARM IS?!?","curiosity"
"Funny they put her between [NAME] and [NAME] as well.","neutral"
"I bought the double barrel and fully upgraded it and now it's one of my favorite guns.","admiration"
"I think it could get pretty boring","pride"
""I've made a huge mistake" - Me, walking into this person's house.","realization"
"The best mori will always be Nurse's.","neutral"
"Interesting take there","neutral"
"Am just curious to know where this pic was taken. A rare perspective","curiosity"
"BPC-157 may help you in healing. I wish you the best. You totally dodged several bullets.","admiration"
"Yeah but vanilla ice cream has a Super Bowl ring and regular trips to the playoffs.","neutral"
"Naw man, I think they were everywhere in Glasgow. The trams in the City Centre had the same colour scheme aswell apparently haha","neutral"
"Girl, wear what you want. Here in Michigan, we get accustomed to cold. No, I'm not freezing just because you are.","approval"
"oh no","neutral"
"Yes, it's great! What I really love watching them play school on the playground.","admiration"
""one of us will be right!" Or...ya both wrong and wasted your energy being dumb asses instead of enjoying it.","caring"
"You Libs. alhave you heads so far up you arses it isn't even funny.","disappointment"
"this literally made me sick to my stomach","sadness"
"Oh [NAME] please don’t put them in a team together.","surprise"
"Oh.. yeah dried","neutral"
"That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!","disapproval"
"The rape of one? Millions of women have been raped. Rape and murder is also a tool of war.","disapproval"
"That's bomb! I'm so happy for you! Good luck","joy"
"when to do it- janitor or something and out of cleans, everyone agrees to it. when not to do it- d2 literally ever","neutral"
"Lol, this one’s great too!","admiration"
"This is so Dope!!!","disgust"
"This guy seems like a real genius.","admiration"
"That's my secret, cap. I never had any. ","neutral"
"> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.","realization"
"Married at first sight!","excitement"
"No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens","disapproval"
"Not [NAME]! He had 0.9% kick to selfs so he'll probably keep bunging them in from the goal square and not getting any stats.","neutral"
"There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.","neutral"
"[NAME] was pulling a knife on [NAME].","neutral"
"When giving birth is the only thing you’ve ever accomplished","approval"
"He’s actually a ghost. He died of that flu and his ghost is still cursed with the symptoms to this day.","neutral"
"Spoiler: you might be depressed, go find out if you are, then come back.","neutral"
"Well first I need a girl friend. Multiple personalities are the next step.","neutral"
"Goddamn it...","anger"
"Awesome. But not good awesome.. awesome the way nuclear bombs and hurricanes are awesome.","annoyance"
"I look at him as a performer but he's still human tho.","admiration"
"Talk to your dad, he deserves to know and may help. Good luck.","gratitude"
"That would set an awful precedent Anytime the president can't pass something legislatively, he can just shut down the government to force his agenda through. ","neutral"
"Op is likely young and clueless. There’s likely a reason they’re in retail.","neutral"
"Well I guess there's one positive of no deal at least","approval"
"Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?","curiosity"
"Now is the fun part, where you try to maintain this lifestyle.","excitement"
"Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.","admiration"
"And then the faucets clapped!","neutral"
"I'm excited!","excitement"
"Well [NAME] was pretty mad at [NAME] for killing that guy who was shooting at them. I assume she’d agree with him.","approval"
"*poorly It's an adverb. Happy New Year.","desire"
"Same. More often than not, people don’t bother to wipe up their pee on the toilet seat.","embarrassment"
"yep. And there are jobs I still would want done, they just shouldn't be government","disapproval"
"So like most of the pros you got more time to play blackout. Which is the only good thing about this game.","disappointment"
"I can feel my left knee getting sore now","realization"
"Instinct and Intellect are opposites, never said they were the same","neutral"
"Go spidey go!!","excitement"
"That was one of the first thought I had too. Three!!","neutral"
"OP please message a local woman's refuge as soon as you are able. They will be able to offer you advice in a supportive environment.","neutral"
"I.e., you don't know what socialism is and what it strives for.","disapproval"
"Thanks for adding water to an old nightmare","gratitude"
"yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!","confusion"
"Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.","caring"
"i dont, whats that","neutral"
"Well you’ll have a lot more fun for these matchups. Can’t say much for the rest of the season","amusement"
"ha Ha HA","amusement"
"They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.","neutral"
"You're taking her scale way too literally.","disapproval"
"Bring back [NAME] and Big Dell!","neutral"
"Yes, but assuming that our government right now wants students to do better might be a bad idea.","realization"
"Holy fuck. Best idea ever. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Hate those ~~things~~ Tweets.","anger"
"[NAME] is a gem and I love him but he should really be a DH somewhere","admiration"
"These stats don't specify if the cops are in the right for killing someone","anger"
"Hmmm, I knew of the change but is ops post karma increasing? It doesn't look like it on their profile","neutral"
"Vanillas dope tho","neutral"
"Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.","disappointment"
"She is still a billionaire. I guess stupid Tweets are going to bankrupt her?","anger"
"I think they were planing to be tag team Rapists to a much younger you. I’m so glad you cancelled.","annoyance"
"I for one applaud any and all fake big cats","neutral"
"Exactly. How that woman has survived two no confidence votes amazes me.","surprise"
"Reply with "Oh, my bad". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes.","disapproval"
"Yeah, at least carry a ziploc bag of dead cockroaches with you for this purpose, like a self respecting meal scamming scumbag. ","neutral"
"I think the use of taxpayer money was a secondary point behind the potential government use of an actor to mislead.","realization"
"Or it's awesome! It looks so nice out with the sunshine and all the new snow.","admiration"
"Sure, okay.","approval"
"I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.","nervousness"
"[NAME] has never said he wanted to build the team around [NAME]. Not sure why people are spreading this rumour.","caring"
"this. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.","approval"
"Modern buildings are horrible.. I’ve felt like this before. Stars and birds still fill me with a sense of wonder most often.","disapproval"
"Not saying I know whats on his mind but he did say all he cares about is winning tbh only time will tell","caring"
"No! You can't have that one! That's a coconut cake!","disapproval"
"[NAME] would be proud.","pride"
"Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol","amusement"
":-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.","love"
"/r/2ALiberals checking in! Welcome my leftist gun supporter! Upvote for 2A solidarity, even though we probably disagree on literally everything else.","disapproval"
"Yeah it isn't the same singer. 'Don't hug me I'm scared' is voiced by [NAME], the lead singer of KKB is [NAME]","realization"
"I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..","anger"
"Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?","disgust"
"Flirt so much that it sinks in, or just ask him "Is this a date?" <--- Also a prelude to flirting.","caring"
"If people think that the current migrant/refugee crisis is "bad", they have seen nothing.","approval"
"Interesting. I’m not a troll.But if it makes you feel better...","excitement"
"This’s didn’t hold up too well.","disapproval"
"This is what I’ve come to expect from this community. Good job","admiration"
"It’s a joke...","amusement"
"Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off. ","admiration"
"#YES.","neutral"
"Fair enough. That is a form of cuckery I cant approve of.","disapproval"
"Step back and think about your comment then delete it.","realization"
"Man I really need to get back into this show","desire"
"Let me rephrase what was said above: You should do some research from sources biased towards science.","approval"
"Lol hokay guy.","neutral"
"Yeah, sure, but it's beatable. It's made to be beaten, not otherwise. That's what I meant with my speech.","neutral"
"Another pathetic PP.","disappointment"
"Because of my adhd I do this with everything.","neutral"
"Yeah I'm hoping the different-colored eyes and long hair help! (S)he is a beautiful cat.","pride"
"One wonders just how awful [NAME] and [NAME] have to be before people will believe it.","sadness"
"You’ll struggle to get premier league tickets (without paying a hefty premium) so concentrate on the lower leagues.","caring"
"I want to end myself when it happens","disappointment"
"Fart. Far less humiliating particularly in front of family or strangers","neutral"
"thank you for your kind words.","gratitude"
"What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot","annoyance"
"Love this game, can't stand the combat system. It's just not for me. ","admiration"
"Loooong way to go in the season. A lot could happen. All we need is bottom 3 for a shot","curiosity"
"Dude you don't know what I wanted. [NAME] was very clearly a generational talent.","disapproval"
"shouldve been a blow out if we made all our FT's goddamit. ill take the win tho.","excitement"
"What a gutsy, huge win. This might be the most important win of the year thus far","joy"
"I took a marijuana doobie this evening around 5:00 p.m. after my dinner at Country Kitchen Buffett and I am now tripping.","embarrassment"
"I see it everyday!","neutral"
"Not related, but now I wonder how Delta would have done on the hair ball challenge","realization"
"In like 5 years, your entire high school career will be one entire cringe. Congratulations. ","annoyance"
"I blame [NAME] for this series of unfortunate events","sadness"
"fyi, straight men also use dildos. Also, your mom is awesome!","neutral"
"I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.","gratitude"
"You gotta find that fine line where you amass as much paper equity as possible while not sacrificing what’s really important in life.","caring"
"It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.","admiration"
"I’m sure someone in the lions thread already posted something similar. They love shitposts haha.","amusement"
"Hellman's is owned by big pharma sheeple, they inject poisonous vaccines straight into sandwich spreads!","neutral"
"Just seems a little much for -40 downvotes. Seems like people are offended. I just don't get it","neutral"
"Dont think i can find them in -15C but would be cool","neutral"
"Might as well just go home and find out what's going on. You'll have to talk to them sometime.","neutral"
"You're going to have to make that simpler for my tiny brain to understand","disapproval"
"I wish I could say the same, I feel like something important would happen and I wouldn’t know","neutral"
"I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!","love"
"I used to have a German Shepherd X Siberian Husky that looked so much like this.","approval"
"Point is, you’ll have to come clean. Sooner rather than later. And if she loves you, she can forgive you. ","love"
"That's even cheaper than I had figured.. there's still the "to you" bit... OP needs to post an Amazon wishlist.","realization"
"But they did they say excited to bring their current roster to Columbus...","excitement"
"Cats/dogs for sure. It would be refreshing.","caring"
"Thats odd but ill check it 🤔","optimism"
"Everybody is talking about [NAME], but what about that ball control and through ball from his teammate?","neutral"
"1. Why is it impossible to not read this in [NAME] voice? 2. Why does it get in my head so [NAME] damn often?","confusion"
"No no, We miss Uncle [NAME]. He cared about is. Until Aunt [NAME] moved in 😕","neutral"
"and who's going to enforce that ?","curiosity"
"**KICK HIS ASS SEABASS**","anger"
"Great! Can't wait :)","gratitude"
"This was actually a very interesting article. I'd never realised how Snapchat and its filters were driving people to be so unhappy with their appearance.","admiration"
"The monster!","anger"
"I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️","approval"
"Damn, I totally have used Dragon as my handle on certain dating apps before. Not sure how I feel about that now lol","amusement"
"The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’","disgust"
"Happy for u!!","caring"
"Could be worse. At least he's not the guy who wrote the Witcher books LOL.","amusement"
"The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.","love"
"Well, I'm extremely attractive and just got laid, so no...","admiration"
">The quality of medical care seems absolutely terrible as well. I've only been to a local hospital once Ok.","annoyance"
"Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.","curiosity"
"I’m pissed wood only knows how to skate in one dimension.","annoyance"
"im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry","annoyance"
"I hope so and I think they have the ability to, but I just have a bad feeling that they won't.","desire"
"This is more like Instant Karma. The schadenfreude is strong with me, here! Wish I could upvote this twice! :)","annoyance"
"tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic","gratitude"
"I love the [NAME] conspiracy and this is a good addition! Thanks for sharing.","gratitude"
"You smug fuck","anger"
"Congrats and good luck moving forward!","gratitude"
"Oh awesome! I didn't even notice your name until now lol","admiration"
"Rebalancing all heroes for this purpose seems like a disaster. Would have been good to think about pre-development.","realization"
"PATRIOTS BABY BRING IT ON!","neutral"
"He was shrieking at everything up until then. Like I said I was worried in the beginning but sometimes it works out.","realization"
"oh he does","realization"
"I want to end myself when it happens","sadness"
"XD lol yes. Ragnarok","neutral"
"That's a really interesting article. Has effectively nothing to do with myth making though.","approval"
"You should tell the FBI and Mueller investigation that. Also [NAME], since he clearly didn't get the memo.","neutral"
"Lmao seriously this is stupid. HEY GUYS DO YOU GUYS AS INTJS NEED TO DRINK WATER? NOT ME","amusement"
"Everyone thinks they are middle class.","neutral"
"I see, I can't see it. I'm on mobile. Thank you very much for the info. Have a lovely Wednesday afternoon!","gratitude"
"I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.","joy"
"Do you have the link to that ? I would love to hear the story from him","confusion"
"Since it’s a commercial truck, the driver probably has a CDL.","neutral"
"It's not even the ads. It's the complete lack of anything worth watching between the ads.","disapproval"
"I will check him out thank you :)","gratitude"
"You're being a total narc, bro. You're so narcoleptic.","annoyance"
"I am not running around talking about how I am going to beat up my kids teachers. Not sure where you got tough guy from that...","annoyance"
"Nothing. I am much happier off all meds. Been off of meds for 2 years.","neutral"
"has nothing to do, was removed. Please keep reporting posts like these.","disapproval"
"Hey I just reposted this without reading it dont blame me for it putting boy friend","disgust"
"By taking it as a nonserious game you don't need in order to enjoy and have fun with it.","neutral"
"I just wanted to play arcade games together.","desire"
"They treat [NAME] like he’s [NAME] now, no wonder he’s so lukewarm to this market ","neutral"
"Damn rui lol. Serving looks.","amusement"
"So he’s gonna swear at you in Klingon?","optimism"
"Y’all some sharks. I’m really just out here trying to be hopeful for the future of my team after a heart shattering lost.","disappointment"
"Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless","amusement"
"This is a neccessary future, unless we're comfortable with half of the population being homeless.","neutral"
"just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.","amusement"
"I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.","surprise"
"And I *can* physically drink over 12 beers in a sitting. And my cat *can* physically jump out of the open window if he wanted to. Sigh.","neutral"
"Foundation by [NAME] is a great short read.","admiration"
"Her communications director his now working for [NAME]. Get ready for some more cringe","neutral"
"Love her positions but I think she need to get some experience under her feet before she is ready for that level of a position.","love"
"Yeah I would regularly find Steelers Fans. Dunno if that demographics been changed. Oh yeah we have a lot of Cowboy fans too.","excitement"
"I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]","love"
"I’m really glad [NAME] wasn’t [NAME]","gratitude"
"Yeah I legitimately have no idea what he's talking about... cr lk is a chain","realization"
"Thanks so much! Im not sure if its directly from youtube its","confusion"
"No one loves you. Cry more.","sadness"
"They're all the same, all the ratemes are a trap. It's just sad people keep falling for them because its so obvious it genuinely hurts.","annoyance"
"This argument makes zero sense. The same tax exclusions and exemptions that were around when the marginal rate was at 90 are not around today.","anger"
"The Party ID in this poll is 47.1% Dem and 41.2% Rep. In the trash it goes.","neutral"
"Now you can.","approval"
"The recycling bin would be too full, theyd end up chucking cans and bottles into the regular bin.","neutral"
">only ones who really suffer are sport and competition shooters. Which is likely the whole point What makes you think that?","approval"
"She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.","disappointment"
"He’s one of them! Get him!!!","neutral"
"[NAME] were the only reason this episode was remotely interesting lmao","approval"
"Sounds like she wants dessert, but hates you eating any cake. ","neutral"
"“Rein get in there!” That’s all I see","neutral"
"It’s fun until you’re looking back","joy"
"There is no your reality. There is only your delusion.","optimism"
"Maybe she'll finish Wardenclyffe Tower and stop Slappy and his monsters!","neutral"
"It doesn't sound like there is much that isn't a waste of money in your opinion.","neutral"
"Last game I think someone said it well, "[NAME] like a toddler in an NBA Pro's body. ","approval"
"Is that [NAME]?","curiosity"
"I like how in the wrapped version, [NAME] looks like he is hiding a chub.","neutral"
"Maybe that’s what boogie was trying to say!","neutral"
"You too thirsty","confusion"
"LIIIIIIIIIII🅱IIIIIIIIIIIIT. fat bastard was on sunday that i’m too lazy to crop the photo.","anger"
"Oh wow I didn’t know their website was owned by Sinclair. I thought that was just channel 2.","admiration"
"No worries. We just like to make sure everyone is safe and has a voice.","caring"
"Is he your source?","curiosity"
"What do you mean “call you out on things?” Are you being disrespectful? Disruptive? Unsafe?","disappointment"
"Yup. I feel you. I'm very sorry it happened to you, too.","caring"
"Are you top or bottom? I need to go under you real quick I'm gonna need you to take him on bar","approval"
"Swear i have seen this before? had it been reposted?","confusion"
"I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️","grief"
"This isnt an exaggeration? 🙄","neutral"
"I can’t believe you’re comparing drug use to interracial marriage. Racists like you disgust me.","disgust"
"I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(","sadness"
"I DONT LIKE EM PUTTIN CHEMICALS IN THE WATER TO TURN THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY **UNH UNH UNH**","sadness"
"If they did, they wouldn't be LURKERS LURKIN'","neutral"
"They’re so angry!","anger"
"It does infuriate me.","anger"
"my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way","annoyance"
"He has a youtube: Great watch.","admiration"
"Out of curiosity, what is your profile pic/info?","curiosity"
"The temperature is too damn low.","annoyance"
"[NAME] will get booed at home after a golden sombrero in May while hitting .230 and [NAME] and [NAME] putting up big numbers elsewhere.","approval"
"He a cute sneck","admiration"
"Thank you, I'll try that. And yes I'll definitely thank her if I see her again.","gratitude"
"I've found that reading before bed helps my brain get tired without needing to exhaust myself by staying up very late.","relief"
"Burn it!","neutral"
"I'm 24 and still live at home.","sadness"
"I hope the bleeding didn’t last long","desire"
"Man I hate that [NAME] guy.","anger"
"Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.","approval"
"[NAME] has aged me 10 years in the last 3 months","neutral"
"Listen to yourself. What other things do u want to shove down the throats of others in the name of tolerance and humanity? [NAME].","annoyance"
"What year did I wake up in?","confusion"
"That's an estimate that doesn't include the fees to his organizations. You just said literally what OP said divided by 5.","neutral"
"Pfft. That's awful of him and her. They deserve each other then. Grab your shite and gtfo. Hope he enjoys his fog and dysfunction.","admiration"
"I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.","admiration"
"Too hungry for that money.","curiosity"
"AD thinking bout how if he played for the lakers [NAME] wouldve got thrown out the game","neutral"
"Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.","embarrassment"
"Man you'd be shocked to know some women still remain passive even when married.","realization"
"That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.","fear"
"Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!","neutral"
"ah, rejection. i know something about it","confusion"
"I'd rather take the chance that a kind, helpful comment falls on deaf ears than a snide one ends up hurting someone. ","disapproval"
"I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.","disapproval"
"[NAME] can actually be accessed via the DC universe steaming/comics service","realization"
"I wheezed at hope you just named her "girl", absolutely straight for the jugular","neutral"
"Is it that common? Here on the tube on London there is barely room to breathe let alone spin so I guess we avoid this kind of crap","curiosity"
"I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.","nervousness"
"I believe in you. Do what is right for you. I hope you feel better soon too. ♥️🙂","optimism"
"Richmond & Weslayan. But I haven’t checked this year. Going to look this weekend...thanks for the reminder!","realization"
"This looks like don't hug me I'm scared","fear"
"nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!","excitement"
"That's true.","approval"
"Themmuns have everywhere infiltrated so they do !","neutral"
"Honestly thought they were the same thing, thanks for the correction and the expansion of my terrible vocabulary.","disgust"
"Sounds like he's lying to you both. You probably would have a lot of heart ache if you continue to be involved with this one.","relief"
"One of my coworkers at my old job used to get a venti hot white mocha with 20 packets of sugar stirred in😷","neutral"
"He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.","disappointment"
"This shark is so beautiful i thought it was one of those high quality animations","admiration"
"The 2nd worst president. First time i voted. Been trying to live it down ever since","anger"
"Is that were its from ? All i know is since i was young that is scary af !","curiosity"
"Oh fucking come on","anger"
"The trouble is, he ate the ice-cream anyway. Some fucking moral fortitude right there.","neutral"
"I think people are more worried if he'll stay or not than whether he plays at the same level or not.","disappointment"
"Looks expensive. Hope you enjoyed the game!","optimism"
"Right. He didn't even say a word. I feel like I've seen this before tho.","approval"
"Imagine being that much of a useless parasite","anger"
"Woah nice. Did you enjoy it or was it a completionist pain? I wish I could get into [NAME] but I just dont find the fun.","confusion"
"Thanks for checking it out man. I was definitely gonna add that song right when it came out, [NAME] is awesome","neutral"
"In hey now your a keemstar he criticises keemstar front doing "Racist homophobic hate speech rants"","neutral"
"They won’t find my house once it’s painted in go-away green...","realization"
""Thanks for showing me your red flags within the first 10 seconds of interaction."","gratitude"
"Are there no ways to stand up for the Faith without ignoring the Church's law?","neutral"
"This commercial really just reminded me what scumbags Verizon are","neutral"
"I just don't like OP for not explaining it before using the abbreviation. So even though the TIFU was great I downvoted it.","admiration"
"That's the spirit!","excitement"
"He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....","neutral"
">captain [NAME] Wow, great nickname. Do you and the president swap notes on this?","admiration"
"No we’re going to use it for penalties decisions, red cards and goals like it’s designed for.","disapproval"
"Thanks. I knew DH, but that one was confusing me.","annoyance"
"Oh come on, you can't mention Psi-Ops without linking the theme song!","neutral"
"I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]","approval"
"Went on a date with someone whose 8 years older than me. She didn't realize I was only 20. Whoops.","neutral"
"Ahh you poop too much","neutral"
"It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.","fear"
"This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.","desire"
"Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!","pride"
"Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!","approval"
"*french canadian fuck. They are the only ones who use it even though pretty much any french speaker knows what it means","annoyance"
"Thank you all for the insight.","gratitude"
"Edited to “voters” that’s what I meant but I was getting a haircut and a little distracted.","approval"
"I never disappoint, just ask your mother. ;)","annoyance"
"That's a cute little theory","gratitude"
"Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him","joy"
"It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.","disappointment"
"If you like Thai food, try Firefly.","optimism"
"Idk why anyone would think PMing abusive messages is above the law on reddit.","annoyance"
"Shithole universe i mean.","anger"
"> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks","admiration"
"I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.","admiration"
"Oh really. Go ahead and try to reason with an [RELIGION] government that their power should be limited. Good luck.","admiration"
"Saw plenty. That is how to be a jerk to a cat. It will enforce bad behavior.","neutral"
"The spouse sponsors them to guarantee that they are not a burden to the state. Nothing about this is related to committing a crime.","neutral"
"I'm proud that this is the first response I see.","pride"
"Totally. I didn’t even realize it was my dream until it happened.","approval"
"Don't they already have a decent backup in T. Hill or whatever that guy's name is?","confusion"
"Try wearing something unattractive when that student is around.","neutral"
"When dunking is your only offensive move you will be efficient. Hope he gets stronger and learns to not be in foul trouble.","disappointment"
"Youve missed everything.","remorse"
"<3 [NAME]. You were too good for this world.","admiration"
"That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.","annoyance"
"thank you in turn! :D","gratitude"
"I don't know, they'd have to reduce the accuracy of the NPCs a bit then cause I sure don't like 1-shotters using aimbot","neutral"
"Think this is the first time I’ve ever disagreed with [NAME]. [NAME] at SF WCJ at PF sounds horrible","disapproval"
"Nice of them to come check on you.","admiration"
"Yeah, that's why I'm not feeling like there's much I can do except vent.","neutral"
"If your host stand has a register that isn’t locked securely you have bigger problems than this lady I think","neutral"
"It is designed that way, but curiously, some of the color options are not worn","curiosity"
"I simply would not need a backseat driver to tell me what to do.","disapproval"
"Well, exactly that actually, lol. ","amusement"
"This is irrelevant to what we were talking about.","disapproval"
"I guess the top left forgot to read the part of history where their ideology failed many times, and killed many people","neutral"
"Why a 14 year old? WHY WEAR LIP STICK WHEN KISSING PAPER?","neutral"
"A best friend would get me a vibrator. Not something that’ll make me feel like an oily, ugly piece of shit.","approval"
"That look is exactly like my Waffle House. And the one past that and a town over.","realization"
"Great! I love hotsssssssssssss","admiration"
"You his SO?","love"
"If I see this gif one more time, I’m going to lose it","sadness"
"I was born in caul but my psychic powers haven't come in yet. :(","amusement"
"In all honesty no slip shoes do actually prevent slips like 99% of the time. This guy just seems to be the unlucky minority.","disappointment"
"Whoomp there it is","surprise"
"This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.","fear"
"I hope everyone has a nice day.","optimism"
"I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.","disapproval"
"I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.","love"
"Don't worry, it's the internet so that angle has already been well covered: ","neutral"
"Yeah this is pretty eye opening. I’ve had pretty weird relationships with my reflection in the past but thankfully it’s not always this way.","gratitude"
"I do have a feeling [NAME] will retire while [NAME] still has a season on his contract.","realization"
"I know to you Professor, break time is nothing. But to me, it's serious.","anger"
"So using your figures here we make £12 billion in tax from the EU company's selling in to the uk. We save a further £9billion on fees to the EU","pride"
"I'm glad that you are still harboring feelings from a game that ended in 2016.","gratitude"
"Because they claim to be against [NAME], and they need something called "votes" to beat him?","confusion"
"Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).","realization"
"this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot","disappointment"
"bargaining chip for what? The 25% tariff increase is not big enough of a bargaining chip? lol","annoyance"
"Imagine being the assassin who could boast that he killed a president with a shot to the genitals.","neutral"
"drink ur milk and you'll grow to be a big strong man","caring"
"I understand the confusion","caring"
"awesome!!!! I believe in you!!!!!","admiration"
"I have faith that she will realise she deserves better. She's a strong lady.","neutral"
"He NOPED the fuck out of there at the end","anger"
"> you've absolutely just generically described absolutely everywhere and not just Scotland. Nope, just the difference between scotland and sussex is staggering. ","neutral"
"Nah, share it then down vote it in to oblivion.","disapproval"
"I've removed your post. You can create a new post with the link.","optimism"
"[NAME] awful.","joy"
"She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.","approval"
"None. If you get anything at all, it's a bonus, but don't expect anything.","neutral"
"Go to McCalisters and get their sweet tea, THEN decide.","neutral"
"Nice work!","admiration"
"Buncha people having (admittedly loud) fun. Don’t really see the issue.","neutral"
"If you're old school like me, you will always hate the Cowpokes more. ","anger"
"[NAME] ROASTING LIBERAL CUCKS COMPILATION #43","neutral"
"Awe man thank you ♥️♥️","admiration"
"She's slept with so many guys she's starting to look like one","neutral"
"poor [NAME]. Someone else on here called her [NAME] from Family Ties. 😂😂 I legit feel for her.","caring"
"What are the Ajax players complaining about?","curiosity"
"Yep, that's the crap my ex husband used to pull. I ended up divorcing him, after 20 years tho.. Not soon enough 😏","approval"
"To me it seems more that you played yourself","neutral"
"Noted. Thanks for the suggestion!","gratitude"
"This is sheikh [NAME]","neutral"
"1-2-3-4 I declare a thumb war! Dangit [NAME], you win again! Ok you get to stab me again :(","sadness"
"Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!","realization"
"I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.","approval"
"Breaking bad all over again","disappointment"
"Sounds like fun, actually?","amusement"
"Never argue with religious people. You can't win. They think [NAME] is real after all.","annoyance"
"TD: "You cant just call everyone you dislike a nazi!" Also TD:","annoyance"
"Most people who call themselves anarchists are against the free market because they don't understand it.","confusion"
"Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.","caring"
"Really? it's probably the funniest movie I've ever seen.","amusement"
"I still trust him. I don’t think old school republicans as stupid enough to break the law for [NAME]. Hence they keep getting fired.","neutral"
"He is this year. Most likely not over the next three years.","optimism"
"The only problem with this plan is that [NAME] won’t survive that long, lol","amusement"
"I like your honesty","admiration"
"So thoughtful.","admiration"
"You are welcome! Love to you on the journey!","joy"
"Long hair for guys should happen more, it looks cool *and feels nice too*","desire"
"Don't apologize it has nothing to do with you, everyone here understands that.","caring"
"Well, I say good luck to you !","optimism"
"[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.","disappointment"
"Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire","gratitude"
"Vegetarian, liked animals too. Lets just ignore that stuff about the [NAME], I sure he does not really mean it. ","disapproval"
"I feel like [NAME] and [NAME] from AH should chat, especially about the [NAME] from BOTW","approval"
""Oh ho ho! Delightfully devilish, [NAME]!"","approval"
"None in mine.","realization"
"I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol","amusement"
"Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays","joy"
"Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore","neutral"
"Those eyebrows are faker than my future","annoyance"
"So every interaction with a dumb or crazy person is news?","annoyance"
"Nice find!","neutral"
"Wow, Michelin star for $25. That's nuts. Thanks for the heads up. ","gratitude"
"There are many tv manufacturers like Twitter, tumblr, 4chan, Instagram and even Reddit itself. Everyone is stealing TVs from each other","neutral"
">I *am* fascinated that some people call themselves incels while acknowledging that they aren't virgins. oh, then you should check out femcels.","excitement"
"What I’m getting from all but the second is that mothers have become less abusive to their children.","neutral"
"Love my 90DF Family Reddit too! 💙","love"
"Even "not allying with Dems any longer" ME thinks this involvement is a good idea...","admiration"
"Make sure he gets some glucosamine(!)","neutral"
"I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.","fear"
"Anything intelligent to say, sometime maybe perhaps?","confusion"
"I don't see how it can get to -1.20?","neutral"
"Wow, that's clunky.","surprise"
"Why is this my fucking friend [NAME] 😂","curiosity"
"Lol no wonder it's so expensive. I've been wondering if his developers are taking him for a ride.","excitement"
"Moreover, [NAME] is literally the only female character I've heard him criticize. Smh.","neutral"
"I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(","love"
"So they are up thanks","gratitude"
"We have a builder in the White House - build a dormatory. Wouldn't want to be an RA there lol.","annoyance"
"Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.","curiosity"
"Now you’re repeating yourself. Boy bye #wasteoftime. Have fun trying to call this company and their products bunk when everyone loves them haha","neutral"
"I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.","love"
"[NAME] made boobi beautiful","neutral"
"Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.","joy"
"Surprises me how a dude that let his keyboard get to this point even cares enough to clip his nails in the first place.","surprise"
"They don't like when you point that out.","neutral"
">Now... it's personal >unsheathes katana","neutral"
"[NAME], you're back! And still posting the same old editorialized political garbage, I see. Some things never change.","disappointment"
"I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic","realization"
"What a useless answer in this situation","confusion"
"Thanks for sharing this with me btw. I shared the video with [NAME] and it was a hit","excitement"
"I'm just curious, all those people who blamed you for his infidelity, what are they saying now?","curiosity"
"Oh god [NAME], stick to your day job whatever that is.","caring"
"“Am I in the frat now, bruh?”","neutral"
"I really like [NAME] videos","admiration"
"Awesome! I just read Bad Blood and have been waiting for a documentary about it.","admiration"
"Dude was using his power and leadership to exploit women. This is gross.","anger"
"Exactly. It was The fact that everything happened and ended so suddenly that left me speechless.","surprise"
"wow! trust issues.","neutral"
"There seems to a bet between [NAME] and [NAME] whose semi final match would be more of a bloodbath","neutral"
"Thanks man I’ll try, you stay strong too!","admiration"
"My favourite is peeing in restrooms and your feet can't touch the floor while sitting on the toilet.","neutral"
"Because you are young and it happens. You feel like you’ll never find someone else but you will.","neutral"
"Nothing will ever top In the Mouth of Madness (which isn't an actual adaptation but come on).","neutral"
"What do they tell you about them?","curiosity"
"I second that","neutral"
"But half of the money they made belongs to her.","approval"
"It says Expect. Which means nothing is official as of right now.","neutral"
"Whaaaat no way, you can’t play it with other people? ","disappointment"
"Your dog provided you undeniable evidence of type of person that you are, and you should be proud of that.","neutral"
"Hello fellow Newcastle vegans! We are very lucky to have so many vegan places!","desire"
"nope. you're looking way too into it. it's literally just the army the 'infant'ry.","neutral"
"The 5 days got an audible "[NAME]" out of me. That's terrifying. ","fear"
"She represents window licking retards.","neutral"
"is a minimum score. If you don't get it you fail the ASVAB. It's a really simple concept.","annoyance"
"Oh right I forgot [NAME] was on the show","neutral"
"Again.. lolz.","amusement"
"OH me too, didn’t realize it was really a thing till now 😂","realization"
"oddly enough, i really like it","excitement"
"I love that! We need a "We have cookies" line for her, now!","love"
"I had the same thought also.","neutral"
"I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.","love"
"I wonder if losing their majority in the 2019 locals would shift the Unionist parties’ position?","neutral"
"Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves","approval"
"I believe this would still be a ticket if someone else sees you.","optimism"
"I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden","disappointment"
"As a white man on the internet I'm outraged... because I had to laugh and laughing hurts right now : (","anger"
"31 here. 2 weeks is ridiculous.","annoyance"
"Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️","love"
"Okay combine these ideas and make a montage that's mostly laughing with coughing clips thrown in.","neutral"
"Well the. Today I stand correctly informed. Thank you","admiration"
"can't tell if trolling or retarded. i think both","confusion"
"So, they want a more profitable split? Surprised they wouldn't go for the Discord store then. Didn't it offer even better a split?","neutral"
"Only other thing I can think of would be the Time Stone is still under [NAME] curse.","optimism"
"This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.","approval"
"I love the snail's smile. It makes me happy :)","joy"
"I just wanted my knees to stop hurting","sadness"
"Slave labor because the wage savings will be more money to bribe FIFA !","anger"
"Life is precious? Then how come you shot [NAME], huh?","curiosity"
"you didn't win fast enough and it's already mana 10? guess who deserved that bolt right in his face","anger"
"“You have no clue what fascism is” Goes on to promote literal genocide tactics. You’re despicable","anger"
"Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.","approval"
"Bundle up and sled! Make a snowman! Take a walk through the wonderland!","excitement"
"He wasn't in beta, he's just played over a thousand games apparently.","admiration"
"A girl came into him recently and he pre maturely ejaculated. He had to type this.","fear"
"what lmao get a grip dude","amusement"
"Thank you u/closeteverything69, very cool!","admiration"
"i'm calling [NAME] noms with [NAME] [NAME]","neutral"
"Glad you answered your own question.","joy"
"In my opinion is that any different according to this from here.","neutral"
"I liked the comeback tho","approval"
"They were clearly ready for it. [NAME] is in [NAME] head.","neutral"
"I know but it just sucks to feel like this","annoyance"
""This is just unprofessional" lol","anger"
"Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.","love"
"I actually did just after writing it hope the poster doesn't mind, but just so you can find ","neutral"
"Leave voice and text chats pls. Trash can.","neutral"
"Play stupid games and win stupid prizes dude.","anger"
"Boomers ruined the world","annoyance"
"I don't really understand what they are even proposing or how realistic it is to implement. It just sounds like empty words.","confusion"
"I almost downvoted you, because “Boooooooo!”","annoyance"
"J E S U S C H R I S T those eyes","neutral"
"Her absence is probably the greatest present she can give you. Enjoy it while you can.","joy"
"Incendiary headline in the Stranger? check Ridiculous over-stated premise trying to create controversy out of very little fact? check. Must Be Mudede","disgust"
"This wasn't him forcing her to get an abortion or breast implants dude like seriously you are being pretty ridiculous.","disapproval"
"I clearly did mean she was being held back by SHD. Thanks for pointing it out! I guess that was missed (?)","gratitude"
"Happy Abortion, Everybody!","disgust"
"That’s what they get for being greedy 🙃","neutral"
"So ungrateful. I wouldn’t have even offered that bc ppl who try to argue with closing times are not people who settle.","neutral"
"That’s one of my favorite movies pans labyrinth.","approval"
"where’s that tashy bastard","anger"
"You can vote for whomever you want even in the general. It's called a write-in.","neutral"
"No, we both know you are liar. Thanks for convincing me to block you.","approval"
"The vagoo has been stretched over the bike, it allows for a comfortable and pleasurable ride, pretty innovative and cleaver way to operate a locomotive.","admiration"
"Weird how the cops can pick and choose which laws to enforce and when, but I guess that explains a lot.","embarrassment"
"Now this REALLY sucks","annoyance"
"That's the purpose of the experiment.","realization"
"Is everyone the same person","neutral"
"[NAME] is ac?","neutral"
"Couldn't have said it better. Just did the same over my winter break and really got to know myself a lot better. Cheers to the new year!","excitement"
"what a stupid opinion","annoyance"
"and he's fat from all those luxury meals","neutral"
"Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!","approval"
"She needs a raise.","neutral"
"This is very accurately funny and sad. 🤦🏻‍♂️","amusement"
"Does it have to be a pharmacy I’ve went to?","confusion"
"Damn....poor guy","neutral"
"The stigma is justified. I dont care how you got it, it's still disgusting.","disgust"
"My wife has some crazy friends and I ducking love hearing their “slutty” stories. The things they make these thirsty guys do is unreal.","approval"
"I think we both know why :P as you can see people eat up whatever they hear","neutral"
"Thank you so much. I will check them out as well.","gratitude"
"I mean fun","joy"
"And yet you have so much karma!","neutral"
"It would be nearly impossible to get to the point of being immobile/bedbound without someone enabling you hand and foot.","disapproval"
"Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.","neutral"
"Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!","surprise"
"Hooray!! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1!","excitement"
"Keep going... 😏😏😏😏","caring"
"Congrats! How are you feeling about it?","excitement"
"[NAME] lines especially. They're all so good because originally [NAME] was going to play that character.","approval"
"Oh do the thing where you flick food into my mouth!!!","annoyance"
"If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn","anger"
"Glad you had fun! Your gf sounds like a keeper!","approval"
"Credit? For what? Using an old Soviet tactic to insult the church? For encouraging people to kill preists?","neutral"
"I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen this joke.","surprise"
"Get out of here with this, dude.","annoyance"
"Neither does anyone in Congress. Don’t act like the [NAME], [NAME] or other are much different than him. They only care about power","neutral"
"Not CPT, I'm assuming? ","neutral"
"I like this one","approval"
"Okay cool. Gonna drive home from the hospital.","neutral"
"I miss [NAME] wish we could trade back for him!","remorse"
"An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.","anger"
"Would anyone actually pay close to $100? And how difficult would it be to do this?","neutral"
"Haha yes I did","amusement"
"Did anyone see [NAME] get pushed around by [NAME] and [NAME] in the post win lineup? I burst out laughing!","amusement"
"Brings back so many memories from the Guitar Hero 3 days.","neutral"
"Thanks for the laugh 😂😂","amusement"
"That's [NAME]!","neutral"
"Got it about a month after and I'm already getting bored with it.","approval"
"No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.","caring"
"I want to give you reddit gold but I’m poor and bad at money spending so have my love instead","desire"
"No I’m not","disapproval"
"And this is why I still visit this sub...the rabbit hole goes deeper than I could have ever imagined.","neutral"
"Morals aren't tied to religiosity, nor the absence of it.","neutral"
"I believe it's free","approval"
"Yeah, that's been publically played by them for a long ass time which is why you don't see many people talking about it here.","disappointment"
"That has nothing to do with guys that just started with us this or last season.","disapproval"
"40's French movie girl. Bold look cotton, let's see how it plays out ","curiosity"
"I hid there just about everytime. Was often the person complaining about, "stop dying", and, "hide BEFORE he hits 4 meat".","disapproval"
"Because the PS4 doesnt have any incredible exclusives? Edit: I was being sarcastic, please stop trying to teach me which games are good PS4 exclusives :(","disappointment"
"Her daughter seems so sweet.","admiration"
"Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*. ","disapproval"
"> that will help power the crypto revolution onward and upward and to the moon! ugh","desire"
"Let's not pretend that all fetishes are fine.","neutral"
"Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.","anger"
"You're a bad person, but a great [NAME].","admiration"
"Holy shit nice block [NAME]","annoyance"
"Oh jeez I missed that :(","remorse"
"My favourite commentator on this game","love"
"I loved 'You'! [NAME] is just an added bonus. 😁","love"
"Their album is awesome, too.","admiration"
"Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo ","disappointment"
"That look is exactly like my Waffle House. And the one past that and a town over.","approval"
"Well shit, then it's just like [NAME] wouldn't let me complete a maths degree just because I'm ideologically opposed to this 'algebra' thing!","approval"
"Short, succinct, and perfect. It would be nice if the more of the world realized this simplicity of life.","approval"
"> Why create more jobs when no one is available to even take them? We could always import more people to fill those jobs.. :)","confusion"
"I told you I'm not in the mood for a snog tonight!","anger"
"Yeah, and it was 20 years ago and now I feel really old.","remorse"
"the 28% /u/beelzebambi","neutral"
"You're making yourself look more stupid with every reply. Google what the heck model organisms are.","annoyance"
"I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.","love"
"Once you pop, you can’t stop Wait a minute...","realization"
"That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that. ","annoyance"
"[NAME] i feel personally attacked","annoyance"
"what a shame that online sellers have made malls obsolete","embarrassment"
"It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon","disapproval"
"Do these Salinas officers not realize that no-shave November is over?","realization"
"Somebody gettin fired","neutral"
"Good for you","caring"
"I wanna try it also. I think I had it when I was a kid but it’s been so long","approval"
"That can get me wet almost instantly. It’s ticklish but turns me on so much. It’s a really sensitive area I think.","disappointment"
"The frequency with which I hear “gone overseas to defend our country” without a hint of irony should be criminal in itself","approval"
"Exactly. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential","love"
"She has major SB😖","disappointment"
"Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there","optimism"
"wow bailed tf out","admiration"
"Oh wow Thats definitely something","realization"
"At this rate we will be.","neutral"
"To be fair you haev to have a very high iq to understand this meme","approval"
"Ouch. Rough year for the jags. Where upstate are you?","annoyance"
"Jeez i need to find some of these places around me..would love a $2 beer. Everywhere i go is like $9 for draft help","love"
"You're right. Lets see what Fox News Analyst Lt. Col. [NAME] has to say about Fox","approval"
"And proud!","neutral"
"Well, username checks out I guess.","neutral"
"I'm very confused by this comment. I'd do it for $2500/mo.","confusion"
"You mean like popping the cork with your thumb as people have done for the last 100+ years.","neutral"
"Be safe.","caring"
"No unless it’s like someone you were close to that’s passed away like a parent or something. Kissing your pillow is kinda weird though.","neutral"
"So lifelike!","approval"
"In that case... Happy Amnesia Day!","excitement"
"Ugh. People are the worst!","disgust"
"I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]","joy"
"That would be more accurate but less impactful/explanatory of the point the creator is trying to make---it's an illustration of the Apex fallacy.","neutral"
"I’m hoping I can find a stream of [NAME] doing the play by play!","optimism"
"Thank you for the notice. I'm mainly on mobile, so I tend to ignore rules ","gratitude"
"i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.","desire"
"He has no side of the story or we would have heard it already.","neutral"
"Why did you have to one up this article in your comment?","neutral"
"At least it isn't too terrible? Actually it's not bad at all. Still VERY delusional!! Good post","gratitude"
"[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.","annoyance"
"did anyone calculate aprox. how much would the food cost in total?","neutral"
"Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually. ","love"
"Boy it sure is a hot one today, huh?","realization"
"I measure from where the back of the balls are. It counts. Especially if you tend to go balls deep anyway. lol","neutral"
"We get the same effect with deductions - if you're spending your money on certain things, that money isn't taxed.","neutral"
"“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”","admiration"
"I'll probably try this one day 😅","desire"
"Franz Ferdinand are awful too","disapproval"
"Happy to hear this! Stay strong and continue fighting! We believe in you <3!","optimism"
"The players turning on him for crying story cracked me up though.","anger"
"I am just a guy who went to a normal school and I understood every single word","neutral"
"Stay safe. Love from KY!","caring"
"I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing","neutral"
"If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police","caring"
"May [NAME] bless your efforts. I wish I could be there. De verdad soy Panameňo.","desire"
"My mom just shared this on Facebook and I didn't even know what to say to her so I just immediately screenshotted it to share here","confusion"
"Unpopular opinion: Let [NAME] take the open 3s so he can become a better stretch big.","neutral"
"Haven't printed a retraction in twenty years!","neutral"
"It surprises me that he's a mod some days...","surprise"
"Doctor: “I have good news and bad news” Patient: “good news first” Doctor: “we’re naming a disease after you”","neutral"
"It's actually just the [NAME] they hate. [NAME] is just their current object of scorn","anger"
"Been saying horford has been overrated since he got that fat contract","disapproval"
"I wouldn't say anything to anyone. You don't need to.","sadness"
"I see your point as well. I wasn’t the one complaining. I was supporting the one everyone was going after","approval"
"I suspect there's a difference between people who have an interest in makeup and those that don't on this.","neutral"
"The "extinction events" is lame because Earth right after that extinction event will be a Haven compared with the Hell Mars is.","neutral"
"Banks! I knew it!","excitement"
"FYI that ‘[NAME] quote’ is not only false but also not an [NAME] quote.","neutral"
"When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!","anger"
"My bad! It looked so real XD thanks for the heads up","gratitude"
"Once they get a taste of catfood they’ll be back for the whole cat.","approval"
"So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL. ","joy"
"Seafood is nasty af. I refuse to prepare seafood in my kitchen.","disgust"
"Fun fact: 3 is both my favorite number and my lucky number!","amusement"
"Depends how irrational your spouse is, and that's often compounded when minor children are involved.","neutral"
"I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess","amusement"
"[NAME] on twitter is way different that [NAME] on youtube... anyways i love tsm no matter the tiltles no matter the rosters lets have a good year !","admiration"
"I used to watch it’s always sunny with my cat. She loved it. Now I can’t watch it without crying.","joy"
"This. Right here. This is what r/exmormon is...and it is beautiful.","admiration"
"Good stuff man. Love the passion.","admiration"
"It was this one apparently it was for forever ago. I’ll delete this post If somebody says so.","neutral"
"Word salad. You want America to do Afghanistan's job for them. It's not happening, those days are over.","annoyance"
"*looks at YouTube comments sections* Um. I'm not so sure.","confusion"
"Ohhhhh man, too real. I spent way too many years with full on raccoon eyes and just accepting that's what makeup was.","surprise"
"> Wonder why centrism was basically nonexistent like a decade ago. Moderates existed even before that, so not really","amusement"
"I'd buy it for a dollar, but I feel I'd be still encouraging them. ","desire"
"What a fucking cunt","surprise"
"It's a really bad attempt to get attention and make people mad, that everyone in this thread has decided to indulge.","disapproval"
"Ooofffhh, that'd be a tough lesson to learn.","neutral"
"i guess there is nothing wrong if i say "May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness" And yes, that was directed towards you","love"
"ROOMS TO GO LOUNGE TIME","excitement"
"Well then you obviously have no fucking clue what equality means.","annoyance"
"Do you mean “lol”?","neutral"
"just asking a question... like I said I haven't been watching other teams much this year so Idk what players values are like right now...","confusion"
"Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(","neutral"
"You can be gone for several months and they won't care, nor even notice.","sadness"
"The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.","disappointment"
"Liverpool FC and Jacksonville Jaguars (Sorry, my kids were born here)","remorse"
"Chocolate hazelnut croissants were the bomb!","admiration"
"Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB","admiration"
"Don't know how that was missed. Tragic really. Considering the title.","disappointment"
"[NAME]! He was just amazing, best contract ever, so sad when we lost him. ","admiration"
"One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!","excitement"
"Everyone started making remakes. Here is my favorite Lineage, too want, but why? People who love this game will also play it","love"
"Yours is censored though.","neutral"
"38 yrs. It was worth it though.","gratitude"
"Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.","amusement"
"That’s pretty neat","admiration"
"I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. ","caring"
"ah yes, the RAMtard in his natural habitat...","neutral"
"I'm convinced that libfems all hate themselves and other women. And in my actual experience with them that might not be wrong.","approval"
"I'd like to add spontaneously experiencing unending self-loathing because you suddenly remembered that embarrassing thing you did 3 years ago.","annoyance"
"The Volvo driver is calling his lawyer...","fear"
"I really want to see us use the second first rounder or the second rounder on a receiver. If [NAME] goes down we would be absolutely screwed.","neutral"
"Hey guys massive legend here","neutral"
"Putting them away feels so good it’s worth the frustration. Snipers dropped my career KD by like .15 >__<","relief"
"Oh no he didn't!","nervousness"
"Thanks for your reply! Maybe I’ll try that game with him and see how he responds.","gratitude"
"Get off the fence, Switzerland","neutral"
"Because he's a couple years older and not as good. If the trade is [NAME] for [NAME], then sure...","neutral"
"It'll get better. I know sometimes it's hard to believe that, but it's true. Promise.","approval"
"As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!","neutral"
"That sounds really interesting.","excitement"
"Damn how do you post something directly to the front page?","anger"
"Not an RFA my dude","disapproval"
"For sure I live right on the tracks and at least once a month we have an incident","neutral"
"What is with people microwaving cheese on top of chips and calling it nachos?","confusion"
"consider drinking bleach.","neutral"
"Oh the horror. I hope she's alright.","optimism"
"They got rid","neutral"
"Goth pale is lovely.","admiration"
"Shaming men for trying to solve a problem on their own is actually an example of toxic femininity","neutral"
"There are people worse than him out in the world right now. He has praised many of them them on numerous occasions.","annoyance"
"The butcher seems to bug out, and not pay you, after around 3 horseback pelts, anyway.","neutral"
"So you're not a incel LMFAO. Go bang more women bro better then that get some friends bro. I'm not Livestreaming with you.","approval"
"I tend to organize better with top stocker but big shit won't fit on them","neutral"
"Hate people like this","neutral"
""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"","disapproval"
"They said that about Standard Oil as well. No company is too big to fail provided the state is stirred enough to take serious action.","neutral"
"You said you're in college, right? What are you majoring/minoring in? ","neutral"
"Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it","annoyance"
"No, this is [NAME]","neutral"
"Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.","annoyance"
"That’s fun.","amusement"
">Also, you realize that both parties largely dabble in identity politics. Oh absolutely! It's a major reason I hate [NAME]. ","disapproval"
"You don't go to college to learn. You go to college to have sex with college girls.","anger"
"[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol","amusement"
"Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.","annoyance"
"Shh don't spoil it for us","anger"
"7 billion people doing things realtime is not to be underestimated","annoyance"
"[NAME] is the most useless phantom thief change my mind","anger"
"SDAs are [RELIGION] tho lol","amusement"
"So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.","joy"
"Yeah, other poster only did it for karma + 69","joy"
"Did you laugh at this meme?","neutral"
"They do realize that the guy in the first picture is from a musical that mocks the [RELIGION] religion right?","curiosity"
"ya - but I think the question is about using infusions to treat acute pain; not about giving dissociative doses for procedures.","realization"
"Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)","curiosity"
"Disgusting. Need to get the tooth hole fixed😂","disgust"
"I mean he's still not wrong. A traitor did bring out the worst in him then.","approval"
"While we certainly have these people, we also have an election coming up which makes me suspicious of this group.","curiosity"
"I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus","anger"
"That's great you guys have been together so long. Do you take any medicine like prep?","neutral"
"Right? He actually came across as level headed and mature here so that was a shock.","surprise"
"That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.","annoyance"
"Haha! Yeah scentsy is terrible!","disgust"
"Do you know my ex husband? You sound so much like him according to his old coworkers.","approval"
"And this is what they look like when they are grown up...","approval"
"Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!","surprise"
"I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.","annoyance"
"Yeah it's like there's no difference between a prostitute or a girl they date except that one is free and has less diseases.","approval"
"If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless","neutral"
" Calm down and relax are the worst things to say to a woman, ever. ","caring"
"All skin heads? Interesting choice.","approval"
"All the things you mentioned are basically aligned perfectly in 99% of cases.","admiration"
"did it work?","curiosity"
"looks tasty did you all take it home?","admiration"
"Men don't tend to have bags as big, I reckon","approval"
"I’m sorry Mr. [NAME]","remorse"
"Not just that, but all the adipose tissue is very flammable. Too much can actually cause the whole thing to catch fire in a bad way. ","caring"
"Yeah I could not even do that I could not move my leg to the side","neutral"
"Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not","confusion"
"4 x zero traction is still zero traction.","disappointment"
"Have an interview in 11 hours and it's after 2 AM bet LETS GOOOOO","neutral"
"Congratulations fellow lobster!!","joy"
"The President who signed it? FDR.","curiosity"
"Cool. I'll have to keep that banter in mind for the next time it happens. Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it","gratitude"
"Fuuuuuuuuuck that.","anger"
"Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.","optimism"
"Kids at heart.","neutral"
"May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤","remorse"
"Getting outplayed by the Cavaliers LOL. Maybe [NAME] and [NAME] can take more bricks this quarter, seems to be working so far ","neutral"
"thats really kind, thanks stranger","gratitude"
"She got the gift that keeps on giving","neutral"
"Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!","disappointment"
"Yooooooou are the ooooooocean's gray waaaaaaaaves...","excitement"
"His chin is recessed. How the fuck does he have decent lower face","disgust"
"Because she knows shame and he asked.","neutral"
"as superficially as possible. i cant go deep with a guy, only with girls.","neutral"
"Rule 7: Pursue what is meaningful (not what is expedient)","neutral"
"Comedycemetery? More like repostcemetery","neutral"
"Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it. ","curiosity"
"I'm sorry but [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are my favs this year (and I hated [NAME] in her Season).","anger"
"When we’re talking Prog music, ya it’s kind of important that it pushes boundaries.","neutral"
"Thank you, I couldn’t figure out what he was trying to say!","gratitude"
"Depay being a flop at United comes to mind, so good now.","admiration"
"Ask if they can send your mother a thank you note so she knows that you did not accept her "gift."","neutral"
"Yep. That's what made me kiss my SO for the first time. Those eyes. I don't think I'll ever forget.","excitement"
"Grant us pies, grant us pies.","approval"
"I hope you managed to skunk him, so he caught an aroma every time he moved. ","optimism"
"What a quote. Very perceptive.","admiration"
"> a nearly-neutered government Starving the beast rather than killing it.","neutral"
"Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo","amusement"
"He’s such a thumb!!!","neutral"
"That's an interesting way to do it. I might come off as a little crazy, but this would definitely be an interesting experiment. ","admiration"
"If that’s what I saw when I was on the brink it would make me do it.","neutral"
"My man!","surprise"
"Oscars are trying to be more hip and contemporary now, so don't be surprised if [NAME] and [NAME] win. ","neutral"
"Both sides have extended offers to end the shutdown since it has started, I think it's disingenuous to act like this is completely one sided. ","disapproval"
"Don't worry, [NAME] can't even pronounce Kombucha.","approval"
"Thank you for the advice. It is really really appreciated. 🙂","admiration"
"Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!","realization"
"Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid","anger"
"It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype","admiration"
"Good that corporate knows about it. They'll launch a LP investigation and fuck the idiots doing this.","anger"
"[NAME], keep going man","neutral"
"I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.","love"
"Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!","optimism"
"I get that the reason a restaurant would be out of the area is because it's the closest to them or it's the one they have chosen","neutral"
"I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him","joy"
"We need to get some away wins now more than ever. 2nd half of the season, no more time to be circle jerking each other! ","neutral"
"What is old Canada?","neutral"
"[NAME] username xD","love"
"That boy just learn why you don't mess with a woman.","pride"
"I hope you don't mind...","neutral"
"Why is this getting downvoted?","neutral"
"Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.","fear"
"No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.","neutral"
"I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.","love"
"Yep. He also said it’d happen on a Manbij patrol","approval"
"What happened when [NAME] shutdown the government?","curiosity"
"would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez","annoyance"
"Last update was a bit glitchy.","disappointment"
"I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult","annoyance"
"Fuck the cubs","neutral"
"Happy cake day!","excitement"
"I hope my advice helps you. It's worth it. :)","optimism"
"I’d love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28","desire"
"My father has been dead for two years and it's still been difficult to not talk about him as if he's still alive.","sadness"
"Insulting [NAME] for being captured is good praxis","admiration"
"Yeah...when can the neckbeard asking this question feel okay if he masturbates?","neutral"
"If you were gonna chloroform the person why not just get a hold of a fresh dead body instead? Move just as much.","curiosity"
"I'd rather die than drive a Volvo!","anger"
"I mean I love [NAME] as a player, but emotional attachment aside, we really need a consistent shooter ","disapproval"
"no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?","disappointment"
"She just did a story about hitting 3k followers.. all thanks to HHH lol","gratitude"
"I highly doubt it man. You should be in the clear.","disapproval"
"Godspeed and be well, [NAME].","caring"
"Lol well now you have even more in common! So happy to help and hope you can smile a bit before you zzzzzzz. :-)","joy"
"wow that's next level here. I am familiar with people dangerously going over 2+ lanes and the zebras but I have never seen that in DFW.","neutral"
"*nods* I know an unfortunate reality. I was presuming that he isn't in a situation like that based on what he said though.","disappointment"
"Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.","disgust"
"I legit did this last night, I hit it and wave it around like crazy","amusement"
"Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.","neutral"
"I remember seeing the trailer for this. I was lit when I heard [NAME]. Great movie","admiration"
"we're all in the same struggle except for those few traitors that dared to go out and actually get into a relationship","approval"
"Or if he *is* you on another account... Your online self-flagellation isn't doing anyone any good.","confusion"
"This can't be real...","surprise"
"Edit: New pack gone. Collected all the tobacco from the sawed cigarettes and made them into rollies.","neutral"
"I was in Amsterdam two weeks ago and 400 sq ft apartments were renting for 1800 euros a month in the city. They have density but no affordability.","neutral"
"Move on bro. Don't sit around waiting for someone. If it's meant to happen later, it will.","caring"
"No worries, good luck!","joy"
"Hell is a great town. Don't you dare conflate it with those maze and blue bastards!","admiration"
"Very tired us can attendant: "here are your vagina slimes." ... thankfully the customer just laughed kt off.","amusement"
"Was that a sound effect or the pup freaking out?!","curiosity"
"I love it here too.","love"
"A sharp stick? I think you need a rifle to kill that bastard","anger"
"Unfortunately, successful and rich people blame foreigners too :(","approval"
"> the ruts laid out for you by the people who raised you I like that. It's the perfect imagery.","admiration"
"No there is, because as soon as it’s a human it is entitled certain unalienable rights. ","approval"
"I always hope that a woman will ask me out...next time it happens will be the first.","optimism"
"One time at the moment, but I did feel so full of energy after.","excitement"
"I’d posit that there’s a difference between espousing generalised problematic views (as [NAME] does) and directly targeting individual children","neutral"
"I came back to work and I found the charlkboard like this. No idea how it got that way. Weird.","annoyance"
"Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!","anger"
"It does IMO, I like being proud of India and I can not be proud if [NAME] wins.","optimism"
"Great. My existential crisis is back.","admiration"
"IMM PUTTING ALL MY MONEYZ ON RT WEBSITE CRASHING XD","excitement"
"You're giving the coyotes faaaaarrrr to much credit they cross mostly around the wall.","neutral"
"That could be the biggest I've seen.","neutral"
"Dam boys, we announcing players back in training like new signings! ","excitement"
"Just read your list, sounds great!! You have some creatures even I didn’t think about 👍!!","admiration"
"How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub","neutral"
"What does /s even mean?","neutral"
"Idk why you're surprised. [NAME] and [NAME] had identical philosophies. It's why the offense didn't change when he came back.","annoyance"
"Well I WISH SOMEONE WOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT","disappointment"
"Rule 3 removed.","neutral"
"Lol I wish","desire"
"Was there ever a PPV main event with [NAME] vs [NAME]?","neutral"
"Im also just a stranger, but if you need a friend online just shoot me a message!","neutral"
"Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.","neutral"
"Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.","caring"
"Was she immunosuppressed in any way?","confusion"
"And then everyone clapped and the teacher got on his hands and knees, begging to be spared from your superior intellect.","annoyance"
"It’s a party and we’re all invited","joy"
"Why? What happens?","neutral"
"I saw MSNBC talk about her twice and I haven’t really been watching the news","neutral"
"Damn, we need healthy PGs.","annoyance"
"Played in a dangerous cross which [NAME] should have scored from. Just before [NAME] goal","neutral"
"Yo. This is the stuff of nightmares, and that background music really freaks me out.","approval"
"In that case you're very welcome to call your representative and tell them to agree to a bill which would reopen the government. Or tweet the president.","approval"
"Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.","admiration"
"Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.","excitement"
"I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.","approval"
"Struggling to find :(","curiosity"
"My coffee burned its way through my nostrils. Thank you!","gratitude"
"People need to want democracy in its raw form though. We're too tribalistic for that.","approval"
"Not the point, and also I'm sure this means raider can dodge gb it.","disapproval"
"How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!","embarrassment"
"Smoking kills you!! It is bad for you!!!!","caring"
"Well howdy neighbor. I'm also about 200m away from there. It inspired me to setup wireless security cameras.","amusement"
"I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5","admiration"
"I just got banned from one of his subreddits, I haven't been this excited for a ban since the snap from /r/thanosdidnothingwrong!","excitement"
"I’d rather not, thank you. Seeing her play that evil emperor in that Star Wars movie was quite enough.","disapproval"
"Why the fuck would I post something on r/niceguys and pretend to be the woman talking shit about myself?","disapproval"
"Can't wait for it.","excitement"
"Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?","curiosity"
"W-what a great audience","admiration"
"That isn't the ideal female body nor is it /fit/ That's a fetish","disapproval"
"need to stop over reacting about *everything*.","neutral"
"Lol I’m sorry that has to be terrible if we were up 19 just to get smothered at the end.","amusement"
"Yelling anger sorrow. Not that funny to me.","sadness"
"I wish that too 😢","desire"
"And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy","love"
"And [NAME] just got laughed off the stage. How things would be different if he had won. Seriously timelines would be so different.","amusement"
"Can you believe that? I mean that, THAT is what I call posing. Missed a that","neutral"
"The one thing I worry about is that the 9-5 "window" is keeping employers from demanding workers be on-call 24/7. ","curiosity"
"Damn I WANT to hear this!!!","excitement"
"This is how you get an armed revolution....","neutral"
"I bet you're part of the gangs sneaking illegal, murderous drugs to other countries just to keep your family better fed than someone elses family. Fucking psychos","neutral"
"That may not be their choice anymore","confusion"
"We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half","neutral"
"Papaoutai still leaves me bald.","disappointment"
"Pressing Q everytime garrosh tries to throw someone helps tho, if u wanna play support, play like one, thanks","gratitude"
"I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance","admiration"
"This is the sweetest thing ever, im gonna steal it and use it on my fiance","joy"
"So will this one. Lack of intimacy makes all other issues worse and make it harder to over look other issues.","disapproval"
"I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.","joy"
"She even tweeted the Ghost Adventures crew, oh wow. ","joy"
"I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless. ","anger"
"You have a minute to win it. Every second counts!","neutral"
"Howd i get downvoted? Lmao. I love drones and think they cant be beat for SaR and aerial mapping... thats why i forwarded the proposal!","amusement"
"[NAME] is an embarrassment to this state","anger"
"Oh, sorry","remorse"
">player consistently plays like shit "Durr hurr here come da hate train"","disgust"
"Your comment is kinda wasted. He can't read.","disappointment"
"Can’t blame him! She kinda looks like [NAME] long lost older sister.","approval"
"I’ll have to check that later, seems kinda weird if that’s the case","optimism"
"Good ol best available dasher","caring"
"[NAME], let's celebrate together, y'all will be the king of New York. Praise Marks.","amusement"
"medical care in the US sucks.","disapproval"
"Are you located in Wellington? Just interested to see where garage project is available in New Zealand, because i've heard its limited... ","curiosity"
">it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?","curiosity"
"He forgot about his head real quick after his legs got smashed","neutral"
"This has absolutely nothing to do with ABCDs.","neutral"
"by deep pockets do you mean the Fleshlight?","confusion"
"That explains why this has suddenly become an issue now. I wondered why no one cared for the other thousand months ranked wasn't available on mobile.","surprise"
"Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me","disappointment"
"I personally wish that they stuck with the spin offs but if their happy I’m good.👌","caring"
"Already did that, but looks like it's the end anyway. Cheers for the advice ","excitement"
"Oh. So you are actually full of shit. Okay, noted. Thanks.","gratitude"
""Ooooohhhhhh... I can *see* the music!"","excitement"
"I haven't defended trump whatsoever, you're completely missing my point","neutral"
"Ha. Fair enough.","approval"
"I am not... Coast guard is not getting paid right now. I am sure they have families depending on that money.","confusion"
"damn. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Good for you to get out of it!! seems like a nasty example of narc abuse. No contact!","caring"
"I felt my heart drop. [NAME].","surprise"
"Then you realize it actually is the only way to feeling better, except having one or no friends make it tough.","realization"
"That’s not true*","approval"
"What will the UN bring anyway? Turkey will be victorious. I love my country.","curiosity"
"Just curious, why do you think that? He has ~ 80% approval among registered [NAME] ","curiosity"
"It’s awful. I couldn’t even see the ending at all.","disappointment"
"You are delusional if you think big oil and existing deeply entrenched and rich traditional energy can’t pay scientists more money than new renewable energy can.","neutral"
"Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(","sadness"
"Gross. I hate using those reusable cloth ones because they retain smells. You've got cats? I know, I can smell them. ","disgust"
"[NAME] is happy.","joy"
"We are killing this planet","approval"
"Ok now that was epic!","neutral"
"This reminds me - I need to feed my horse......thanks AOC","gratitude"
"Not just esports "news" but all news now just copy and pastes off reddit. ","admiration"
"That's amazing, wow! People can be so good.","admiration"
"I feel bad for that other little girl that was the only one not to get a puck","nervousness"
"I get ghosted all the time after I open pics. I don't like it, so would not do it to someone else.","disapproval"
"Having met [NAME] wife (figuratively)... I reckon [NAME] is a bit of a monster...","realization"
"I did those things in real life and I've never had a single nightmare. Face your fears.","neutral"
"That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.","realization"
"i live literally around the corner, not the best food but i think they make dumpling pizzas there","neutral"
"Can we just take a minute to appreciate the thigh. So delicious and so cheap.","admiration"
"One day you should go get that donut! Personally, life wouldn’t be worth living if I couldn’t occasionally enjoy a gourmet donut 🍩 ","pride"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.","admiration"
"Soft boiled huh?","confusion"
"I know many progressives who don’t apply to that community. My father wants progressive economic reform in the U.S but thinks feminism is cancer","neutral"
"I haven't seen it here yet, but I love LetterKenny. It gets funnier as the show goes on and it's on Hulu ","love"
"I was waiting for this comment","curiosity"
"why wont i just fucking die","anger"
"When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...","annoyance"
"If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.","love"
"Hell is a great town. Don't you dare conflate it with those maze and blue bastards!","admiration"
"The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on","disgust"
"Many people are saying this is true. Great story.","admiration"
"Proud of you for being exposed to all this and still recognizing how crazy this shit is.","admiration"
"That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.","remorse"
"He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.","anger"
"That hurt too much to watch twice.","sadness"
"Whoever is against the queen will die.","optimism"
"Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups","admiration"
"Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh","amusement"
"Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*","love"
"This!!! 🐃 and 💍 for your hard work!","neutral"
"Me too! That’s what I heard :/","curiosity"
"Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?","annoyance"
"Flour and salt in Fairfield","neutral"
"That would be perfect! Wish I had that.","desire"
"> I doubt a typical [NAME] would be bankrupted by a $20K bill This attitude represents exactly the stereotype of [NAME] that most people have.","confusion"
"Off her meds","disapproval"
"yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots","anger"
"This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you","admiration"
"I can’t believe you’re comparing drug use to interracial marriage. Racists like you disgust me.","disgust"
"Or maybe just don't have a family and you're financially secured for life.","pride"
"Tommy John is an amazing brand for comfort","admiration"
"so abused...","annoyance"
"A lot of LGBT people I know just love D&D. Especially since character creation is just everything they want about self-expression and then some.","neutral"
"Just be glad you’re not his wife","joy"
"Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.","annoyance"
"It's pretty dangerous when the state decides which fictional deity is legitimate. For example the [NAME].....","fear"
"Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.","admiration"
"I'm sure it was Leyou, the Chinese chicken farm company, that had shares, and not Tencent.","approval"
"Not taking any shit, not being afraid to stick up for themselves or say what they’re thinking. Stomping on eggshells.","fear"
"> This is wrong on so many levels.","anger"
"Sometimes that would work. Sometimes it wouldn't. Regardless, the OP asked what he could do, not who was at fault.","neutral"
"If that's not illegal it should be.","neutral"
"That’s better:-) now go get em tiger","approval"
"Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up","anger"
"I suspect there's a difference between people who have an interest in makeup and those that don't on this.","confusion"
"I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.","approval"
"4-6, 6-4, 3-all, deuce. Could this BE any closer?","neutral"
"It may be weird, but I replay the entire series while waiting for another episode all the time.","disgust"
"If you have this many concerns and red flags going, or something seems off, you can back out whenever you want, do it now. ","caring"
"Get some colloidal silver and put that in your eye so it doesn’t get infected!!!","caring"
"[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.","fear"
"lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.","optimism"
"Desperate times call for desperate measures.","approval"
"Relax everyone i'm sure USPS isn't going to cry because you didn't ship on the date especially if its on a weekend.","neutral"
"Or because Utah does.","neutral"
"Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.","sadness"
"How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant","grief"
"Impeach “fouty” five!!","excitement"
"If he’s American...then he’s fucked","annoyance"
"Come back here and fight me m8","neutral"
"I met bf of 3 yrs on it","realization"
"The President who signed it? FDR.","neutral"
"I make my cows super stronk.","approval"
"Yup that game was where I was like we have to draft him!!!!!","neutral"
"Yes i hope things go well for them","optimism"
"Haha yeah. But still very nice of Ben I hope that the people who got it will use it 24/7","admiration"
"I'm working in a creative industry; you'd probably fair well.","optimism"
"Fourth guy had nice hair though tbh","admiration"
"OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time","annoyance"
"Blizzard: WELCOME TO OVERWATCH! WHERE WE NERF TANKS/SUPPORTS FOR SHITS AND GIGGLES! ^(orisa is up next...)","amusement"
"And also something against [NAME]. (My definition of [NAME] is just people at the bottom of love distribution)","disappointment"
"any therapist will tell you emotions are valid even if they are irrational. Which i think is one problem with many TiMs.","neutral"
"Been a while since I watched but you gotta go through the mirror and put the bear under the bed. Then you can go with her.","neutral"
"Let’s beat these Lakers!","neutral"
"OH YEAH ITS FINE","neutral"
"Oh, hi, we doing a greenhat circlejerk rn?","confusion"
"The only thing we feel entitled to is privacy and and being free from the harassment of incels like you.","neutral"
"[NAME] injury, [NAME] coming back, leivo trade. Quite a few moving pieces","neutral"
"Why do you keep failing? Is there a particular part you can practice on, or just nerves?","confusion"
"Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama. ","disappointment"
"Great tips thank you!","gratitude"
"That is even worse. No tax from them and we provide them with services.","disgust"
"gross.","neutral"
"Except I can’t with the mobile app. Reddit doesn’t allow you highlight","disapproval"
"[NAME] was sneaky and he had to being 5' 6' at LHW, very good list! [NAME] was nasty as well!","admiration"
"They'd probably need to take nutrients by IV until their organs are working normally again. But yes it should be possible to save a starving person","neutral"
""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!" I can imagine.","amusement"
"That's not how it works","disapproval"
"Haha sorry, I make hip hop music 😂","amusement"
"I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.","annoyance"
"I love [NAME] :)","love"
"What other account do you think is mine?","curiosity"
"Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...","fear"
"Step one is done! Now just to get rid of the rest of the incompetence here.","neutral"
"I DEMAND TO BE PUT ON A PEDASTAL AND TREATED LIKE A QUEEN IF NOT I WILL SEEK VALIDATION ELSEWHERE AND ALL THIS IS YOUR FAULT","anger"
"It appeared that she smacked her grape pretty damn good. Oh, and I chuckled. ","joy"
"I just don't think [NAME] is the guy to do something like this.","disapproval"
"He ran as a [NAME] in the Senate primary and then declined the nomination. Multiple times. He isn't "honoring" shit.","approval"
"Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.","amusement"
"Primary is what she has to worry about.","neutral"
"You're right, thanks for pointing that out, I've edited it now. Carry on.","approval"
"If [NAME] played for Chivas he would already be in talks for the NT.","neutral"
"Yeah fair, plus this sub tends to go hard in different directions so it becomes extra hard to know if someone really is just that far gone.","confusion"
"Because eye witnesses have always been proven to be credible. "Hands up, don't shoot"","annoyance"
"I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.","love"
"I'm confused. Is this post finished or is u done?","confusion"
"I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh","optimism"
"Lol! Believe me I get it! Hell, even 11:00 might be pushing it ;-)","amusement"
"Wow. [NAME] is a giant POS. He'll be really happy being single and dying alone.","admiration"
"I might be missing a joke myself, but woosh.","neutral"
"BOOM BOOM BOOM (not Bitton related)","neutral"
"This is amazing, man. Kick some ass, make good food, get paid. Congratulations","admiration"
"I've never seen a more adorable tumble","realization"
"Watch out OP, the choose your own adventure folks could sue.","neutral"
"The vagoo has been stretched over the bike, it allows for a comfortable and pleasurable ride, pretty innovative and cleaver way to operate a locomotive.","admiration"
"[NAME] may lie but he doesn’t when it comes to important things apparently. Jobs, security and anti war","neutral"
"Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar","joy"
"Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!","neutral"
"What, again? This stupid country!","anger"
"Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish","caring"
"[NAME] can't create on his own and has no in between game, [NAME] is too inconsistent at it.","neutral"
"The wolves have been bad for so long that I actually did completely give up watching basketball.","disappointment"
"Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.","annoyance"
"It didnt fuck up his career at all. Hes got thousands of ravenous fangirls and still makes absolute bank.","anger"
"I feel you girl","admiration"
"Because your considered “boring”. Girls love drama. It’s a thing.","love"
"I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh","anger"
">Downvoted for sharing an anecdote, great subreddit this Sharing blasphemy about the [NAME] emperor is punishable by downvote, heretic.","approval"
"Their* comment; sorry. Just realized you’re not the same person.","realization"
"Everyone upvote this - gotta spread the good news!!!","approval"
"Are your boys really doing the hand clap meme? Holy crap is this cringey.","curiosity"
"Orange man bad ----- > Treason is bad ergo, Orange man is treason.","neutral"
"If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.","annoyance"
"It's gorgeous","admiration"
"She’s still not gonna message you dude I promise","disapproval"
""antibiotics I had left over from last year" THERE IS EVERYTHING WRONG WITH THIS STATEMENT","anger"
"Its like the other 3 teams are moving the [NAME] cube until it matches and they can be affective against the Patriots. Still not quite there","excitement"
"My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!","optimism"
"Yours is the most interesting and thought provoking comment yet.","amusement"
"Nothing like stealing a comment from the lottery thread..","annoyance"
"Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!","desire"
"I love this community. These mag fest memes have been so strong.","admiration"
"No matter what lies you choose to tell, you'll always be just as broken, and it'll always be just as obvious. ","optimism"
"Surprised they aren't already doing this kind of stuff for Zion.","surprise"
"If I wanted to send a message about how much I hate my life and get literally no response then I could just text my mother.","relief"
"Suddenly, Dorion will fleece another GM of their 1st pick for [NAME] ? Not a chance.","neutral"
"Is that a normal price for this kind of thing or is it [NAME] expecting a super-wealthy person to impulse buy?","curiosity"
"Yea true , it sucks that theater mode doesn’t work its broken as hell in this game ","disgust"
"Food is wonderful","admiration"
"I was won against an ultra-hard brexiteer, he tried to hit me with an uppercut but I just teleported behind him.","neutral"
"Also since so many are forgoing children or having fewer the is less needed to purchase very large homes.","neutral"
"What a run by the [NAME]! And by far my favourite jerseys of this tournament.","neutral"
"Thank you, agreed. ","approval"
"You have to try really hard to get banned on this sub.","caring"
"I'm here for you😄😜","caring"
"Sending lots of love to you, I wish you fight your demons successfully and get all the love and respect you deserve","gratitude"
"How did I not know this?! That show is so good.","admiration"
"Source leads to artist’s Twitter page and post :3","neutral"
"Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha","gratitude"
"When the guy is polite enough to signal his cutting you off.","neutral"
"May i ask where?","curiosity"
"Alright. Why is it possible for us to make fun of the almighty [NAME]?","curiosity"
"No. We have the same desire. No one should be told how to live.","desire"
"Happy Cake Day you barefoot bitch!","neutral"
"I want to end myself when it happens","disappointment"
"They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*","admiration"
"This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.","neutral"
"If I'm not mistaken we will have [NAME] as backup next year so not bad at all.","neutral"
"[NAME] bless you. Yeah I said [NAME] because we live in America,the land of [NAME]","approval"
"Iv done it before.","approval"
"He’s better than [NAME].","neutral"
"That’s one pissed off [NAME]","annoyance"
"Lol I didn’t mind group projects much, I only did when I didn’t have friends in the class.","amusement"
"This is a very cursed lineup","annoyance"
"I can see how need would have that affect.","neutral"
"Love the idea of these birds showing up during family gatherings and puking up trinkets","admiration"
"Now ask me if I care. It's irritating and stupid.","annoyance"
"Normally yes, but then it would be an attractive woman (at least it used to be).","neutral"
"Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.","desire"
"I haven't seen him in a few days now, and his car hasn't been there so I've been going outside more.","neutral"
"Hey easy there, she’s a nice lady ","admiration"
"See but it’s so common an attitude that it didn’t come off that way","neutral"
"1 month feels like 200 years? School must suck","anger"
"Even better, won't feel as bad eating the whole thing in one sitting then.","optimism"
"They could've added two dots and a line and it could have been better","neutral"
"And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.","neutral"
"The lads put in excellent shift over the Christmas fair dues lads. Thanks for keeping on top of things. Delighted online shopper :)","admiration"
"I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come","approval"
"Celeste is one of the free Games with Gold this month on Xbox One, I picked it up, it's a great (super hard) platformer","admiration"
"#NOT IF I HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY ABOUT IT. AND I DO.","neutral"
"Try wearing something unattractive when that student is around.","fear"
"hahaha, this is great. We need more anarchist jokes.","admiration"
"[NAME] is worse because he’s all of those things plus he took out my boi [NAME].","annoyance"
"Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.","neutral"
"Simple lies. Easy lies immoral lies making money. Good life!","annoyance"
"No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics. ","disapproval"
"Wow they are on the cusp here. Definitely not fellowkids because I would totally believe an actual fellow kid said this","neutral"
"It's finally official, we got [NAME] ","admiration"
"Your comments have been removed. This is a community for support. Repeat violation will result in a ban. Thank you for understanding.","neutral"
"Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.","neutral"
"cant wait to see you on the news; future rapist. you sound like a real loser.","neutral"
"It's not an conscious choice to be uncomfortable about something.","disapproval"
"Ugh gross. Don't suggest a PUA book to a kid.","annoyance"
"Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.","anger"
"By [NAME]! That’s [NAME] music!","joy"
"Thank you. ❤️","gratitude"
"Triple single son","neutral"
"This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year","annoyance"
"> I don't see how a business can "block" ","disapproval"
"A different joke. Scenic!","neutral"
"That was such a bad yellow, he had the height and positional advantage such a bad challenge","disgust"
"There’s nothing wrong with 5’1 in my eyes :v and why exactly do you believe you’re ugly?","neutral"
"Like a glove","neutral"
"Yep. I found out that a member of the school board is upset about something that happened with their own child, and wanted access revoked for teachers. ","approval"
"Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read "models" and some advices on net.","gratitude"
"My balls shrunk up looking at that","fear"
"Throwback to [NAME] tweeting about how bad it was that [NAME] was in a punk band in college","embarrassment"
"Fiend! Take a good look at this silver cross, for it will be last thing you'll see of me and [NAME]!","neutral"
"Bidets are disgusting. In america, we use toilet paper because our plumbing systems can take it","approval"
"I play until madden comes out, play mut until I get burnt out then go back to mlb when it comes out ","desire"
"What's wrong with in group preference? Every other group does this. It's not a right vs left thing.","neutral"
"Sir, you have been warned. You antagonistic attitude will not be tolerated. Please try harder at being a model citizen. Thank you for your cooperation.","anger"
"Ground vehicles too it seems. Obviously wouldn’t be a problem if the game shipped complete with proper vehicle customization.","anger"
"Wow! Never thought of it this way but that's a REALLY good point.","excitement"
"I just wanna see the fallout of [NAME] leaving. OH And the [NAME] stuff from yesterday. Pls CBS Plsss!!","approval"
"Okay but how about someone who doesn’t believe the Wifi signals are going to kill us?","curiosity"
"My boyfriend and I got haircuts yesterday and the coiffeuse thought my boyfriend was my father...","neutral"
"Trust man down here where I live it’s Stardawg, Silver or Amnesia hahaha, I’ll smoke almost anything tho, enjoy my man.","amusement"
"Did I just get called [NAME]? Achievement Unlocked!","confusion"
"It looks like they do but random redditors do not. What a surprise.","surprise"
"are you a genji main cause i feel the same way","neutral"
"I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’","love"
"Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.","sadness"
"Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear","sadness"
"Just a benign comment on an interpretation of "Annihilation" movie plot. Reaction just came out of nowhere","neutral"
"Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.","disapproval"
"Exactly what belongs in this sub. <3","approval"
"Thank you for understanding <3","gratitude"
"I thought he was #25?","curiosity"
"I will make it proper! 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪","approval"
"No matter what, we can all listen to *You Shook Me All Night Long* during earthquakes. ","joy"
">She was very normal LMAO This got me","disapproval"
"Is it her turn this time?","neutral"
"Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program","optimism"
"That’s a bold move, [NAME]. Let’s see if it pays off. ","admiration"
"Maybe inappropriate, but [NAME] mamma can get it..... ","approval"
"Everything is political, bub. ","neutral"
"Not in the slightest. Who would have guessed the [NAME] would do this LMAO.","surprise"
"I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.","desire"
"Cant you just say no when it doesnt feel right? Sleeping in same bed can help heal...after the initial shock is passed.","caring"
"I had the same thought also.","approval"
"And our bishops will take his side. We're surrounded.","nervousness"
"This is why I’m afraid to fly.","approval"
"That would be a huge mistake on WWEs part.","neutral"
"Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content","gratitude"
"That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME]. ","sadness"
"I believe that you can search for providers here. Good luck and good on ya.","admiration"
"The prevailing thought is he'll be too expensive to resign. I love him as a piece on the team but he's a deal sweetener.","gratitude"
"Same, I hate myself for finding the last 4 chapters... my heart is devastated.","anger"
"I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.","annoyance"
"I love my cheek bones and my skin tone (this one took me a while to accept!).","love"
">[NAME] No thanks","neutral"
"Not sure what's cringe about this, even if you disagree with the political message","disapproval"
"I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.","remorse"
"Thank you. I downvote all the lies I can, if I like them or not.","disapproval"
"As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.","sadness"
"Atheist here and I believe in freedom of religion, don’t let ppl get in ur head, believe in what makes you happy","desire"
"Once I saw the LV logo I then realized I’m not rich enough to even watch that video.","disapproval"
"US is of the top oil exporters in the world. 2003 wants it’s talking point back.","neutral"
"I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate","annoyance"
"That lil cat, I want it!","desire"
"It really didn't. You were the one who came out hurling insults around. Are you projecting? 😂😂😂","curiosity"
"There are definitely real women like that.","neutral"
"No, she's standing in the water after she pees.","disgust"
"nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.","disapproval"
"All children should be given the option to learn about how to effectively use the rights they’re entitled to.","neutral"
"Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show","approval"
"Let’s not tempt fate...injuries report to spring training too.","realization"
"Tell your husband. Its lies by omissions. Who are you to pick and choose what HE wants to know.","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME], this is an absolute lie. ","anger"
"Bee’s are cool","neutral"
"Haha I was about to say damn she straight up eviscerated her in between bites.","amusement"
"Makes way less mistakes than [NAME]","neutral"
"lol I was thinking the same hahah","amusement"
"france drinks coffe from a bowl.","neutral"
"My dad makes that joke "I have to fight anorexia", his BMI is 31...","amusement"
"No, sadly it was from a different person, thankfully not the original poster though.","disappointment"
"Damn that was ugly","anger"
"As a [NAME], I resent the twilight comment.","approval"
"Mafia meme...?","neutral"
"Midnight has been 4/4 pro league teams they have played so far, so I wouldn't be too sure they're gonna be bottom feeders","confusion"
"How dare you say that. He's a toad of the people! Not some rich frog!","anger"
"Would be nice.","admiration"
"I'm curious as to how HIMYM affected you, if you would like to explain. I've watched it so many times. ","curiosity"
"No, what’s sad is saying the same message like it’s news. He’s a copy paste machine. No original thought.","sadness"
"I have my kids signal baño, the letter T in ASL so they don't disturb the class while asking. ","amusement"
"Swordfish is my go to gun. Used my first unlock token it given how much I enjoyed it.","joy"
"This one got me. 💀","neutral"
"They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.","disapproval"
"But you ARE!","approval"
"As a [NAME], that’s basically how people do small talk with you","neutral"
"I bought it while it was on the winter sale. I have 34 hours already","neutral"
"Nobody has guns in NYC, they're ilegal there lol.","amusement"
"I've unlocked the wrong company truck at a truckstop.","disappointment"
"Hipsters love tapes tho.","neutral"
"I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.","neutral"
"Yeah it is, I hate it so much, I wish I woke up earlier.","anger"
"Thanks haha. I really do feel sorry for my friend here... At least the group he accidentally asked is pretty much all furries","admiration"
"Great! Now down with [NAME]!!","admiration"
"Because [NAME] is a man child who can’t stand up to his mother","disappointment"
"Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.","neutral"
"Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?","anger"
"This person is being a killjoy but there is a difference between being a killjoy and acting smart.","joy"
"He's great in Silicon Valley too!","admiration"
"I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.","approval"
"Iss all good now but thanks!","gratitude"
"I feel [NAME] and [NAME] got off the boat but that's just my opinion though.","desire"
"Boy, are you going to cake yourself when you find out what french kissing is ","love"
"This is how I feel when I use a crosswalk on a busy street","neutral"
"If you're a podcast person, you'd love the Magnificast. Two academic [NAME] talking about Marxist-Lenninism.","neutral"
"what a bizarre post omg","surprise"
"disappointing click of the day","disappointment"
"I punch them in the throat before they get the chance to speak.","neutral"
"Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].","excitement"
"Security camera on the floor? Nah.","neutral"
"EXACTLY. It literally blows my mind that 45 minutes from me it’s completely legal but here it’s jail time like...ok.","surprise"
"daaaaaamn girl!","disappointment"
"22s. Good save. Doing [NAME] work.","admiration"
"Potentially, he was built up as having all these questions and being part of [NAME] Legion. But they never went anywhere with it.","neutral"
"Me, too, please.","approval"
"Cheers mate, ill do that!","joy"
"Well it would have been ugly tonight without him. And many nights.","disgust"
"If we didn’t throw out offers after [NAME] himself has been all over it. Then lynch needs to get checked.","optimism"
"Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good","neutral"
"This is perfect!","admiration"
"You mean, you actually want them to try to win? NO WAY! /s","caring"
"Unexpected Funhaus?","surprise"
"Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.","neutral"
"That's right, always be extra careful around the corner.","approval"
"Interesting... is it a felony in certain jurisdictions?","surprise"
"Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.","love"
"Most vancouverites know of these scams. Especially #1 broken credit card machine. Complaints go unheard.","anger"
"Haaaa! That's awesome! Sounds like my town, Alamogordo, New Mexico.","admiration"
""[NAME] ***WHO***?!!" --Miss [NAME]","curiosity"
"> "But I'm their father. They have to," he kept saying. And there is delusion colliding with reality.","approval"
"[NAME] is creepy about nearly everything, but the way she is so possessive over [NAME] is super uncomfortable. ","admiration"
">+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.","anger"
"[NAME] bless you, massive truck driver. Stay safe.","admiration"
"Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.","caring"
"america is pretty much the least class-conscious country in the world so it shouldnt be a surprise. everyone thinks that one day theyll be management so its cool","approval"
"Or you just don't understand what fascism is, the role it plays, and the material conditions that bring it about.","neutral"
"Your kind honestly need to fuck off out of Ireland. Nobody wants your dumb fucking antisemitism here","annoyance"
"He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.","neutral"
"You ok bro?","neutral"
"Consider yourself lucky, 2 toxic people got rid of themselves for you. Move on.","caring"
"The castle, assuming it's properly furnished and comes with servants to run the place.","approval"
"So what you're saying is that you r/oopsdidntmeantoo?","neutral"
"They're really cute but I'd never in a million years own one because they literally smell like week-old pissed on rugs.","caring"
"oh my [NAME] that first post 🤢🤢","disgust"
"That didn’t happen at all. It instantly became the front page material of the night with most liberals speculating about what buzzfeed got wrong.","neutral"
"And yet when it comes to hard news several studies have shown that they are the most fair and balanced when it comes to coverage interesting isn't it.","disappointment"
"I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol","anger"
"Thanks for the clarification :)","gratitude"
"If the wealthy behave as if its fine to discount the future then its fine for the poor to take from them.","neutral"
"Funny enough, not all [NAME] are celebrities.","amusement"
"Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.","disappointment"
"Thought this was r/monkeyspaw for a sec. Mind if I grant your wish anyway?","desire"
"My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.","disapproval"
"It's different when it's your younger sibling, people ","disapproval"
"Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.","anger"
"And it’s being posted by a person who apparently has an MD, PhD, and MBA. One would hope they knew better","admiration"
"Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level","gratitude"
"Lol I bet you actually believe that too","amusement"
"As bad in what ways? The rest of who? Other politicians?","confusion"
"People underrate Beal and overrate JV here.","neutral"
"I agree. Could go either way.","approval"
"Oh good! Yeah hard to pick up on sarcasm sometimes","neutral"
"Lmao do you just watch for the gameplay? Wow idiot. There's more to Youtube than gameplay. F***. Off.","amusement"
"This is caused by a downed power line discharging to the ground around it.","neutral"
"Did it taste good; I bet it tasted good.","admiration"
"Yeah like I just get more dissociated. Music sounds better and stuff","approval"
"Damn, ultimate efficiency.","admiration"
"This is gonna get worse before it gets better.","neutral"
"Maybe Shadow Creek Ranch, but I heard it's next to a dump and smells bad.","disgust"
"Thank [NAME] for you","gratitude"
"Nope, try to keep up.","disapproval"
"All the [NAME] who’ve been harassed or assaulted for “looking [NAME]” will be glad to hear that.","joy"
"ive had 300ug tabs before, took 2 had full on ego death was naked with my friends jumping on moving cars ","amusement"
"Love the laugh at the end","admiration"
"They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!","admiration"
"Wild Fox Koan dives rather deeply in this question:","neutral"
"Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.","neutral"
"Lol this cant be possible.hey thanks for the link and info! I'll look into it!","amusement"
"Must not hit opponents on the first frame then. My mistake","realization"
"Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.","neutral"
"It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!","gratitude"
"NO GOD NOOOO!","disappointment"
"It's such a relieving feeling to know you're finally gone. You never have to go back. You are so strong you got this!!","admiration"
"One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you","gratitude"
"Of course not, but the purpose is to look a bit alien, so I'm ok with pushing the limits woth PS in such cases.","neutral"
"Sonic boom is funny as hell. I love the writing so much.","admiration"
"ITLL BE OKAY MOUNTAIN FRIEND, JUST ACCEPT IT","neutral"
"There's no way ye should go for a second referendum. Go for BINO and limit the damage.","neutral"
"The username seems like a dead giveaway.","surprise"
"Going by the dates given, this child was born in 1985. So Mom really cared about this in the 80s. ","neutral"
"If we draft another late round QB this year I’ll probably have an aneurysm","optimism"
"Congrats, you got pleb filtered","admiration"
"Poor eyes. Can’t even see and is sent to the trunk.","sadness"
"Don't get the downvotes. I found it funny","amusement"
"oh, ive seen that, ugh breeders have such weird and confusing minds","disgust"
"It's a bitter cycle","sadness"
"Meaning of life is to work 8h + a day and then convert your lifetime in coins you can spend on useless shit.","neutral"
"It really is. [NAME] was seriously exposed.","neutral"
"They’ll make ME4 and probably just have [NAME] say “oh, the reapers died of old age” if you chose control or synthesis. ","neutral"
"Bjj= Brazilian jujitsu, they are known to have stupid think necks due to constantly being grabbed around the neck while grappling.","annoyance"
"Me too. I love it!","love"
"> We're angry, but we don't want to be labelled as violent nutters.","annoyance"
"Lol always a creepy mike","amusement"
"Even he's tired of marriage.","neutral"
"Maybe it's similar to how [NAME] hates cantaloupe.","embarrassment"
"That has some amusingly unfortunate implications for those that believe all [NAME] are descendant from [NAME], son of [NAME] and [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Thank goodness.","gratitude"
"She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!","anger"
"I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....","joy"
"That is one of the things I’m most excited for in S2. Seeing him playing [NAME] and go off like this so effortlessly is amazing","excitement"
"I kind of hate it when I agree with you, but definitely do this time. ","approval"
"I hate poetry","anger"
"That sounds really interesting.","approval"
"How does ones SO even go through your ph ? Mine is locked with a pass code and a finger print","confusion"
"Gotta go fast! [NAME]","neutral"
"EU has stated the will not renegotiate the deal.","approval"
"It "proves" I can get someone to agree to go out with me then dump me, I guess.","neutral"
"Good. I want them to remain crazed. More winning for us.","admiration"
"groceries are getting crazy expensive","annoyance"
"I don't know","confusion"
"Just so freaking miserable. Trying to make me miserable as well","embarrassment"
""Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that." - [NAME]","optimism"
"Please no.","disapproval"
"Thank you, kind Internet stranger.","gratitude"
"I dont know, you sound like a rarity in FA circles, in my experience most FA´s arent outgoing and dont have big circles of friends ","neutral"
"Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.","approval"
"had to play the Jazz just in time for second half of the season [NAME] smh","neutral"
"What a locker room cancer - Some Nuggets fan, somewhere","annoyance"
"Hot bath helps me, or just heating pad on my breasts. Looks awkward, but it helps. ","approval"
"In case anyone is wondering.. the money was a 20$ tip. Edit: 200$. I’ve been corrected.","approval"
"That sex doesn't exist and we're all just pretending for his benefit...","sadness"
"I remember hearing a story about this type of highway camaraderie once from a trucker who helped a woman escape a man... wonder if it was your mom","caring"
"I see you're a man of culture as well. But realistically this will never happen because... Disney :/","realization"
"That's what I can't understand either, what were they expecting by knocking on the door?","confusion"
"Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.","annoyance"
"So it's more of a power play than truly what she wants?","curiosity"
"I have seen quite a few posts in this subreddit on the topic, I would start by searching those.","curiosity"
"I really want to see the paw prints.","desire"
"No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).","disapproval"
"Same, unfortunately. I can't count the number of times my mom lost me while shopping tho, so at least I'm improving?","joy"
"Omg lmao. Coming from [NAME] too is super embarrassing. I can't really say I feel bad for [NAME] though, he did it to himself. ","amusement"
"And that’s how the mafia works.","neutral"
"Confirmed that men are literally soulless, it's a matter until they start eating humans","neutral"
"Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]","admiration"
"It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.","sadness"
"Mail Call, great show, have all of 'em preserved for history. RIP","neutral"
"I'm vegan and that's a big nope from me.","disappointment"
"To be fair you haev to have a very high iq to understand this meme","realization"
"Trolling video, old skul "slav" humor... It's a joke :)","neutral"
"How can I send it to you? I Just exactly recreated it in training arena","confusion"
"I hope if you ever have need of help for mental illness that the person who responds is not like you.","optimism"
"I like they think that it’s bad that we are thinking about the fucking POTUS. It’s almost like his actions effect us all","annoyance"
"After [NAME] comment the stock prices fell and the [NAME] was never heard from again. Crab juice went up 4 points","approval"
"Just the kind of news I needed to hear!","desire"
"How does that work? If in every measurable way, its bread and wine, how can you claim its actually [NAME] body and blood?","confusion"
"Love mine too. t-shirt","neutral"
"Your ass after I beat you so hard you shit yourself","anger"
"Kids, if you're on a dating site that advertises itself as "dating site for millionaires" you're gonna have a bad time","disappointment"
"Interesting user name :).","admiration"
"DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!","optimism"
"I personally like Picard better. But Kirk must have been more fun to write.","amusement"
"Anyways. Weird behaviour of it when it was happening is that it hid itself when the video was paused then reappeared as the video continued.","neutral"
"[NAME] nutmegger is taking the first shot!","neutral"
"That guy is being intentionally obtuse. Down vote trolls are a waste of everyone's time.","disappointment"
"I agree I think this version of pac has the biggest chance against floyd","approval"
"generally they go for a few thousand","neutral"
"I'd be more worried about the kids needing eye protection at that point.","caring"
"that scared me","fear"
"here’s hoping the same is true for me!","optimism"
"Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked","anger"
"And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)","surprise"
"I’m 21 and I only loosely understand what a lathe is.","confusion"
"I'm always down for pimple popping pupper pictures!","excitement"
"I like TRTL.","joy"
"Omgggg i’m dying at Stassi. She looks like she was going for a jersey shore look. Shes still gorgeous though","admiration"
"I am serious. I have no idea what they were prior to a few days ago.","disapproval"
"I hate when that happens 😩😩😩😩😩","disapproval"
"Also hate the little 2 wheeled zapper","annoyance"
"Dang.. I’m none of them. :-(","disappointment"
"Deep blue eyes look weird to me. The rest seems pretty good.","admiration"
"I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.","embarrassment"
"Even if I would get 100 bucks for downloading and playing I wouldn't touch this crap piece of forced romance with baby inside.","optimism"
"C'mon Mr [NAME], you're not going to eat all that watermelon.","disapproval"
"No idea, don't see the EU budging, probably some vague clauses that have no weight.","approval"
"He also needs to understand it’s insanely hard to empathize with multimillionaires playing a kids game asking for hundreds million more.","annoyance"
"Autism (mechanistic thinking, lack of theory of mind) is the opposite of intuition (thinking without thinking). ","neutral"
"I’ve massively improved but it never really gets cured. There are always situations that will give you anxiety.","nervousness"
"How is that relevant? The rules are simple, do not attack character.","confusion"
"This is so wholesome 😭😭😭","admiration"
"You okay, buddy? ","neutral"
"I’m desperate for it. I once got to lie in bed with a girl friend a couple times. That was cool. But we barely touched.","excitement"
"I don't know why that omni-directional treadmill in Ready Player One still isn't being mass produced.","confusion"
"This is a good change. I've heard too many sad stories on Tinder about this sort of thing, looking for a way out. ","approval"
"Not to mention [NAME] screening two defenders haha","neutral"
"supposed to be brain ache but I am too tired with all these losses i have","sadness"
"Why is this downvoted? It’s right.","approval"
"!Remindme last year","neutral"
"I secretly hoped we would lose by like 70.. 35 is not enough","optimism"
"I woulda "sneezed" with my drink in my hand and launched it right behind me","amusement"
"Wait, I see the problem, you are changing the word observation to assumption, which I think you know is disingenuous.","confusion"
"If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.","neutral"
"You’re joking right?","neutral"
"Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.","amusement"
"Al-anon.org I promise you will find the freedom you so desperately want inAlanon.","desire"
"It seems like the problem predates the current administration, which makes me think it has more institutional roots.","surprise"
"Worried it will be taken off the table?","nervousness"
"But you have about 0% chance of winning the lottery and the lottery isn't determined by your effort, skill, etc. ","neutral"
"FUCKING DIN!!!","anger"
"It was shocking to me when I realized this! Best of luck on your journey!","gratitude"
"High five to that shit. We have 2 littles.....we are also exhausted lol","excitement"
"Nah he kept blowing on it for like 25 mins agitating it then put his head close to it . Dude totally desearved it","approval"
"Sorry you are having such trouble.","remorse"
"Of course it does. Wealth is relative, wealth means more purchasing power for you and less for the rest.","neutral"
"Had my first kiss last month at 22. It does feel great. Good job bro.","admiration"
"Very well said. I am no fan of pinkers "everything is awesome" narrative of the modern world either.","admiration"
" No mention of [NAME]? For shame, subreddit. For shame. ","disgust"
"Why is this still not banned","disapproval"
"We aren’t done until we are mathematically eliminated. Always hold out hope","sadness"
"[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.","caring"
"snitches get stitches","neutral"
"> a complete ham sandwich Love this. Using this.","admiration"
"There is nothing untraceable about bitcoin. The point of a blockchain is that every transaction is saved forever.","relief"
"I let my birthday come and go as quietly as possible. I'll do dinner with the family, but that's about it.","neutral"
"There is something deep within me that as an [NAME] LOVES the use of the word cunt","neutral"
"No, you said you think she deserves whatever she can afford. Can she afford housing?","confusion"
"Which is exactly what ASIRT does...","neutral"
"Yea even I felt those rocks.","neutral"
"Those fries look delicious!!!","excitement"
""Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."","love"
"I just see a car incessantly hogging the middle lane despite being undertaken on the inside!","anger"
"Gotten death threats and people compare me to flat earthers.","annoyance"
"Have a good one!","caring"
"I don’t set an alarm I naturally wake around 4am. Love my mornings.","approval"
"I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten","love"
"yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too","annoyance"
"Again it's weed not heroin. Smoke it. Or sell it.","neutral"
"Hey, at least he finds women!","approval"
"I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat. ","approval"
"I like this response. I can’t give you gold but have some honorary gold.","admiration"
"I was going to get your guys opinion first.","neutral"
"What am I missing here? It's a noun, so no past tense?","neutral"
"I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.","gratitude"
"Ha! Yup same-same! He was my first intimate relationship. I have had other drunk encounters but I don’t count them lol","amusement"
"[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]","disapproval"
"There's having fun and being a hoe, OP seem to assume what she is, so ni worries for her. ","neutral"
"Does anyone know what the Free Slot might be used for? It confuses me a bit","confusion"
"Thats awful, I'm so sorry for your loss","disgust"
"Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?","gratitude"
"I mean, sept is a prefix for seven. Even if it isn’t the right one for that problem...","caring"
"Well tickle me pink. Thanks for following up, I enjoyed the read.","gratitude"
"I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh","optimism"
"Calling it now, this is the top post of all time. Edit: For reference r/trees historians, I was the first to call it.","pride"
"Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.","annoyance"
"Now this I like.","admiration"
"He might assume that most people are shoplifters like him and that you're a nuisance to society that he's exposing.","neutral"
"Think of his target audience. They’re the ones who are fooled by talkers, not thinkers.","optimism"
"I am unconcerned.","disappointment"
"Lol 100% science and you are defending her honor","neutral"
"his traps hide the fucking sun.","neutral"
"Make sure you get that on video for the lawsuit. Hope she’s ok...","optimism"
"Eastside Cafe was pretty pricey for what it was.","disappointment"
"Kinda reminds me of that pluto pic from nasa","neutral"
"...I mean, that part isn't necessarily wrong. It's Iowa...","approval"
"Reality is often disappointing","disappointment"
"Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.","neutral"
"Do you have anything special you say to yourself to help facilitate that? I think I might need a snappy mantra to remind myself to chill out.","curiosity"
"What an absolute bloke. Keen to see him run wild this season.","admiration"
"This actually happened but no one clapped","disappointment"
"[NAME], are you a real person? Thanks for proving his point about how uneducated you are. ","gratitude"
"For anyone stuck at the","neutral"
"We're more concerned with this mysterious group of r/atlantahawks sleeper agents downvoting [NAME]","curiosity"
"Ayyy best game ever! Thanks for the love","gratitude"
"Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.","admiration"
"HE CALLED A RAISE WITH 85 [NAME]","neutral"
"Wait is this the original template where all the satire comes from?","curiosity"
"The £25 loaf of bread I call it.","neutral"
"According to imām [NAME], zanadiqa should be killed with no opportunity to repent. ","neutral"
"Some people just need a hug","approval"
"You ain’t far from going postage stamp on that thing!!!!","neutral"
"Just got the Ultimate edition and it's already my favourite game of all time. I just wish everyone could agree [NAME] is best girl","admiration"
"Ok. I got it. But it was a house. Just seemed odd lol","amusement"
"Thank you [NAME]!! I say we should add [NAME] to the team!","gratitude"
"About a 30k vote difference with over 2.5 million votes cast.","neutral"
"I'm not sure anyone has asked, and feel free to not answer. But is your feeling that the team definitely favors [NAME] right now? ","curiosity"
"You just made me remember [NAME] is gone and that made me happy. Thank you stranger.","gratitude"
"Yup! She was also on a show called Queen Bees that was on the N network. I have never seen that show but I really want to","approval"
" it sounds like you're setting up for a good 2019 keep the boundaries going, and I hope the surgery has no complications and everything heals up fast!!","caring"
"This is how I know I'll have a good time!","excitement"
"I shave my face. Take that, boys.","neutral"
"Unemployment was also significantly higher at the end of Old Labours tenure than at the beginning. Yet nobody remembers that.","annoyance"
"She should have her medical license revoked because she took an oath to do no harm","neutral"
"Given it looks like a cotton field, it feels a bit more sinister than that. ","neutral"
"I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.","sadness"
"I’ve never heard of this website! Thanks for letting me know.","gratitude"
"Quite superpower you got there, op. Reminds me of [NAME] in Unbreakable. U beautiful person!","admiration"
"Ah ok! I figured I was getting it wrong.","approval"
"You're a mean person.","anger"
"[NAME] on twitter is way different that [NAME] on youtube... anyways i love tsm no matter the tiltles no matter the rosters lets have a good year !","optimism"
"ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT","annoyance"
"The Oscars at least banned applauding years ago","excitement"
"Guys. Our defense is bad outside of like two guys.","disappointment"
"Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.","neutral"
"Thanks! I was actually considering that myself, but I'm scared that I'll just start rambling about it ","approval"
"You’re letting psychopathic people ruin your ability to take a joke. That is a mark of a weak man.","caring"
"How can you look at that. it hurts.","confusion"
"UPVOTE BROS HOOOOOLD WE CANT LET THE POST GO BELOW 50%","neutral"
"I'm planning to see one, without my parents knowing though :/ I really hope it gets better. I can't seem to take it anymore. ","optimism"
"Omg is this that what older kids call s*x?1?1??1??","surprise"
"Great talent, this. No ysts reaction, but I still appreciate it.","approval"
"That was brilliant 😂","admiration"
"Dammit. I was expecting to see a motorcycle blow up. That woulda been awesome. Haha","admiration"
"That would be very cool and a nice non-HP bar visualization.","optimism"
"I loved the first single from BO so hopefully the entire album will be good. And has more effort into it than "WHERE ARE THE JOKES"","desire"
"Holy fuck this thread is not worth it","disappointment"
"Hear, hear. I'm just lucky my career field is relatively un-fuckerized. Truer words have never been spoken.","approval"
"True. And he's free to leave if he doesn't get it. Relationship is a dance","neutral"
"Hmm... [NAME] looks like [NAME] from Nickelodeon","neutral"
"I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.","joy"
"[NAME], all that whataboutism. I guess the FBI couldn't find anything for all that.","curiosity"
"Is this just fantasy","neutral"
"I find calzone to be... Fatty.","neutral"
"I admire the prep and just hope the other guy is ok. Best one in ages..","admiration"
"I like you both.","love"
"I can only focus on that pastry.","excitement"
"That’s so scummy, I’m hoping the pepperoni just slid down? ","neutral"
"Thanks brother/sister. If I wasn’t so poor I’d gold you","gratitude"
"wat u fecker","anger"
"Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen","admiration"
"Yea it’s custom, me and a friend of mine were messing around seeing what we could sit on...","confusion"
"[NAME]. Instantly went to moving the goalpost. Looks like my bet was a winner.","amusement"
"I would not bother. He read your message and did not reply yet. So that's already a bad sign and not a good start.","neutral"
"Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D","annoyance"
"I saw that [NAME] page was already updated with head coach of AZ as well.","neutral"
"the ratings have never been worse...","disappointment"
"Yeah I don't mind the odd hunter or a daddy long legs but fuck those red backs. And whitetails Those cunts are vicious as all hell","anger"
"The rhyme scheme is amazing","admiration"
"I hope it doesn’t get worse","optimism"
"Wow. These people really deserve some *clove*, especially on subshops.","surprise"
" Now, can you make another applet to change his wallpaper?","neutral"
"This is disgusting.","disgust"
"Looks like the other driver to the right was predicting that to happen. You can see the brake lights come on the SUV.","approval"
"I'd almost rather a criminal have a gun than this guy.","fear"
"Man, [NAME] is a weirdo.","disgust"
"I just have a controller on my desk that I turn on when I fly. I've always hated mouse flying.","annoyance"
"[NAME] is going to love her!","love"
"No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul","amusement"
"With [NAME] ongoing back problems...I'll pass on seeing this lol","amusement"
"This sounds like disgusting wasp propaganda. You're being paid by Big Wasp aren't you? Confess!","anger"
"It does not mention the Har Habayis and given the contextof the Psalm, I don't see why it wouldn't refer to the First Temple.","neutral"
"The last thing you see before entering Hell.","neutral"
"I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale. ","love"
"It's always been a dodgy road, proposals were put in ages ago","annoyance"
"His chin is recessed. How the fuck does he have decent lower face","annoyance"
"I thought that phrase was only used for memes now lol at least that's what I got from Vic deals","amusement"
"I'm sorry for your loss. Truly. I hope you and your family are doing okay.","caring"
"[NAME], that was 2013? Time flies","surprise"
"I deserved it. I'm a garbage cumslut. He owned me and he took his property.","anger"
"Oh that poor man and children. I'm glad he was armed, may have saved his life. ","remorse"
"Our problems are our own. Racism, classism, mysogyny, bigotry. ","approval"
"Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive. ","disappointment"
"I almost pissed myself waiting so long in the tunnel. Not a fun feeling","anger"
"Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.","neutral"
"Anthem is a good 45 min from Scottsdale and the rush hour traffic is a nightmare.","fear"
"Go in appropriate attire with several copies of your resume and list of references! Good luck!","caring"
"That Burberry?","neutral"
"Everyone just called me the bad guy and said they're glad she's marrying him and rejected me and that i deserved it.","anger"
"If we find a solid rental centre again maybe.","optimism"
"I mean hes been coat tailing, might as well make it obvious","approval"
"They do not need to. A majority of the vox populi think like you do.","disapproval"
">The only way change will happen is when the national media actually focuses on them. Precisely what a protest is aimed at engendering.","neutral"
"Ah thanks for the tip.","gratitude"
"Considering the century is only a touch over 19 years. Is this really news worthy?","curiosity"
"We can work on both. Ignore centrists who want to pretend that we have to choose.","approval"
"[NAME] is clueless please don't listen to him lol.","amusement"
"Okay, you accidentally injured someone. Good luck in court buddy","caring"
"I am not regreting my life, there is so much interesting stuff on the internet","neutral"
"Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes","relief"
"Welcome to Utah and good luck. Your wife should consider looking for jobs at Weber state. Both of you would be within a 20 min commute.","neutral"
"That's what they want though. So if you really want to 'win' their battles, simply ignore them :)","caring"
""joke's on you, I was only pretending"","amusement"
"Yep, the presidency isn’t at all related to the 22nd amendment. Be gone, chud.","approval"
">trying to start a career as a male model/bodybuildel/social-media influencer. Oh boy this made me fall out","disapproval"
"Day 1 Gollum Moment","neutral"
"You poor thing. I’m sorry that it’s going like that for you.","gratitude"
"Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB","admiration"
"I loved that show. “The [NAME] is back!”","love"
"I really want to know what the coordinates he gave him are","desire"
"I know. I didn't say I agreed with it did I?","annoyance"
"The guy who tells people to shut up","neutral"
">cat beby the fuck is wrong with you","anger"
"This team doesn’t deserve to go the playoffs. Only [NAME] deserves to go. Is that possible?","neutral"
"That's not really libertarianism, is it?","curiosity"
"Good luck verifying them. All of them.","optimism"
"Calling Israel evil for their policies is anti Semitism? What a joke.","neutral"
"Haha, maybe at the 55 title party in May ","amusement"
"The general rule is that [NAME] is talking rubbish whenever he opens his mouth.","annoyance"
"We just let a guy go last month - voluntary resignation. He was a great worker but didn't want to train others.","admiration"
"Whhhattttt. That’s crazy!!!","excitement"
"Ah TDS victim, got it.","neutral"
"That is a very handsome dog.","admiration"
"Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.","annoyance"
"I’m sorry you’re dealing with this too. But hopefully it helps to know you’re not alone...?","caring"
"Go lie somewhere else. Go to Faux News or something. They,ll believe you.","anger"
"What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror","confusion"
"I hope all of y'all that are commenting isn't all men because not all women do that!","optimism"
"Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.","love"
"I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game","disappointment"
"Lol. Yes! [NAME] and his $14,000 suit love you but please don't touch him.","amusement"
"Are we sure this isn't the beaverton?","curiosity"
"Meanwhile in western society grown-ass adults will leave their McDonald's trash scattered all over the place just feet away from the bin.","anger"
"I was hoping this day would","optimism"
"Is “the end of the sky” a phrase I’ve not heard of? Or is there some other wordplay I don’t get?","neutral"
"I remember seeing [NAME] in the States and smelling weed during the entire concert. Not really surprising, he loves the stuff.","neutral"
"You said that the illegals who come over the border should be allowed to enter legally.","neutral"
"At least you can admit you missed it","neutral"
"They do, I'm just not sure how and it's a challenge. I knew one guy that got a mirror shine on them.","neutral"
"[NAME] damn hippies","excitement"
"This game is pretty drunk.","admiration"
"Just wondering why they called the cops but not an ambulance seeing as how he was covered in blood and disoriented.","curiosity"
"#NO! #GO CARDINALS!!!","disapproval"
"But the mess!!! ^j/k","disgust"
"Aha thank you!. I didn't know there is a ca one","gratitude"
"Except forming an opinion of a topic without even having basic knowledge of said topic makes you sound pretty arrogant and entirely undercuts your opinion.","neutral"
"Almost but they took me to the hospital instead. Went through medical court, got forced to do treatment.","neutral"
"So he “wants to be in Denver”. Hooray. Can we hire the best guy instead?","neutral"
"Yea true , it sucks that theater mode doesn’t work its broken as hell in this game ","anger"
"Oh geez.","surprise"
"Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!","gratitude"
"glad to see paleho's doing well","joy"
"Isn't that what they all say, with the exception of [NAME], yet there they appear.","neutral"
"Good work if true!","gratitude"
"Maybe try a flashlight next to her bed, so she can turn it on and look around if she gets scared?","optimism"
"My god it is, dont forget the 2.50 innocent smoothies too","caring"
"Yeah I think you understood my issue then","approval"
"So it would seem","neutral"
"Oh I wasn't offended. ITA with you on the rest.","disapproval"
"Funny how reddit works","amusement"
"Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid","anger"
"Tics can have a variety of causes, Tourettes' are caused by certain neurotransmitters in the brain not working properly. ","neutral"
"Hahah wow I've thought the same thing a million times.. Glad I'm recognizing what I've been doing for so long and trying to change now","pride"
"Ah if they went to school together that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.","realization"
"Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks ","disgust"
"What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.","curiosity"
"You took the **bait**. Unless you masturbated to it.","neutral"
"Uh, you can’t see the grille?","disappointment"
"You an Asperger?","curiosity"
"Yeah lets hope so, i hear the IRA is very forgiving of rich folk.","optimism"
"STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol","anger"
"What kind of source has that info but not enough to say what would come back in trade? Meh... I'll ignore this one.","annoyance"
"I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.","disapproval"
"Arrg. I never should have let my mother in via SMS. At least it's only SMS.","neutral"
"When you dint know Anarchism at all so you think you can be anarchist and capitalist at the same time !","annoyance"
"Are you promoting sex outside of marriage?","confusion"
"Its onky been 6 years i think you read the second line","neutral"
"Hello fellow boiler [NAME] is in the hospital again with grout call soon xx","caring"
"Butterfly is cute... it’s the dreds that are gross","neutral"
"Damn you [NAME]!","neutral"
"Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x","joy"
"Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen","optimism"
"My poor space bar takes an awful bashing with all the pausing in a Squidge vid","excitement"
"It's wonderful because it's awful. At not with.","admiration"
"Awesome! I’m a cradle [RELIGION], so really interesting to hear your experience. Thanks for sharing.","admiration"
"What? I feel like temps shouldnt be in for 6 months","anger"
"She's not even that pale that dude's cummies are just translucent. She gotta find a man with mayo cummies","neutral"
"Look at that smug look on her face... Almost looks like she's saying "tell [NAME] it was me"","curiosity"
"As an [NAME] I just want you to know that I appreciate you.","gratitude"
"Maybe it’s flaccid and shaking it makes sense when you’re being put under in the comments. loool read a few pounds.","neutral"
"oh my [NAME]. it was hurting my brain. i only saw the disappearing boot and thought i was missing something.","sadness"
"That doesn't look too bad.","optimism"
"I take that part on faith. There’s no “proof”, but it’s also an entirely unfalsifiable claim.","approval"
"I seen a video, must have been one of the students where they've completely surrounded the [NAME]. ","neutral"
"That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.","optimism"
"Sorry you feel that way","remorse"
"This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F","approval"
"Wait, isn't everyone nervous or scared the first time they hold a newborn? ","annoyance"
"This march is spreading complete lies then as there are no rights a man has that a women doesn’t.","disapproval"
"Abstaining is dumb, she should’ve voted no","neutral"
"Makes sense as [NAME] was out the last 5 games. The first 8 of the season [NAME] was sacked or pressured on nearly every dropback.","neutral"
"You must be fun at parties.","amusement"
"I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly ","love"
"Oh, they're as real to me as [NAME] to me man. I don't leave he house without throwin some chick bones first.","neutral"
"Just admit you got busted and admit you were wrong and we can move on","annoyance"
"I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.","realization"
"Makes me wish we had a hero that could slow time like the tested Lucio Ult people were talking about in here.","neutral"
"I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head","amusement"
"wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho","disapproval"
"Those pearls are the worst, ugh.","disapproval"
"Love and marriage","neutral"
"I wish you have a best luck on your journey.","caring"
"yeah and then it sucks bc you know you’ll get so sick of it soon and you won’t like that person or thing the same","neutral"
"I think they were talking about the learning proccess. [NAME] succeded as well. So, 3 of them.","approval"
"Limiting the crypto withdrawl increases the panic","fear"
"And it's posts like this why HotS is in the position it is. Blind to any form of criticism.","disapproval"
"Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour. ","neutral"
"I was flabbergasted when I saw it.","surprise"
"Just keep trying. Dont give up! If you are getting numbers that is half the battle...seriously.","caring"
"That's the perfect intro for a panic ult.","fear"
"I had an ex who was [NAME] and a drunk and eventually got into crack","realization"
"Thats....that's pretty normal...prolly somewhere in the ballpark of 280miles...If you dont have a fuel efficient car its not hard to do.","neutral"
"[NAME] looked just as bad as [NAME].","neutral"
"No, just act surprised if anything comes of it. ","surprise"
"yes but this is a crazy person. That's like telling Two-Face he doesn't have to flip a coin before committing a crime lol.","anger"
"I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s","relief"
"Can you imagine not being able to pick your nose THE WHOLE GAME ! Those poor bastards.","anger"
"Wow I bet someone would look at this and get inspired to make a movie about aliens with [NAME]","desire"
"I’m anything but little you little puppy kicker","neutral"
"I like this template, it makes me happy.","joy"
"Well I mean he got erased from existence twice and is still here so I'm guessing it has to be something more than that.","approval"
"Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].","disapproval"
"I agree with everything you said!","approval"
"“I do too. One of them is Hulu.”","neutral"
"How many surprise Pikachu memes are we gonna have this episode? Like 6?","curiosity"
"I'm not crying... you're crying!","anger"
"I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.","disappointment"
"I love [NAME] at the net","love"
"Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.","neutral"
"wild guess but I think any cheering for her to "clean him out" comes from her being cheated on.","realization"
"Well then, I can't wait for you to prove me wrong but your throwaway comment isn't helpful.","neutral"
"I have never visited the NOLA, but I hear it has great blockparty and festival cultures (Mardis Gras being the main one)","admiration"
"You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.","disappointment"
"Honestly im a pretty clumsy belligerent and i lasted 9 months and no case is great life i regret nothing","admiration"
"OMG she reminds me of Ginger from Ginger Snaps! I'm in love!","love"
"I sure don't","neutral"
"How is she at all mobile at that weight? Bones are incredible things!","disapproval"
"[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]","disapproval"
"I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One. ","love"
"How many wins are they into those ranks and at what winrate. Regardless thanks for the info.","curiosity"
"And here i am, cant even clean my tongue without gagging... ","disgust"
"Doesn’t matter does it? It’s a joke. No need to get a designer/graphic artists involved to communicate the idea.","amusement"
"I was there yesterday. <3","curiosity"
"Bring back [NAME] and Big Dell!","neutral"
"Damn this is experience talking.","annoyance"
"That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )","curiosity"
"Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.","amusement"
"I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.","annoyance"
"He put some respect on [NAME] name tho.","neutral"
"Bay Area, sorry ;D","remorse"
"Sorry, i actually lied, they thought it was ","remorse"
"Found the guy who has no idea what's going on! Downvote me all you want, you'll never take my memes!","neutral"
"nice","admiration"
"I should have known better, its obviously not a juul. I was just happy to see Oliver Tree tbh ","joy"
"Dude is gonna end up playing in his boxers one day lol","amusement"
"Honey badger don’t give no fuck!","disapproval"
"Chocolate hazelnut croissants were the bomb!","excitement"
"That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh","excitement"
"*They ARE my children* And now you see why people call you a future crazy cat lady.","amusement"
"Holy shit!!","anger"
"Dont worry. I'll help you.","caring"
"I don’t. I love humanity. Why are you afraid of democracy?","confusion"
"That is really valuable thank you. Supplying stats definitely will help my writing, so thank you for the feedback","gratitude"
"Ya punk wanna know how the game ends while we’re at it?","neutral"
"There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.","disapproval"
"Thanks for the help.","gratitude"
"I can’t help but think it’s BS because he found the girl 30minutes ago and his first reaction is to post to reddit about it.","neutral"
"The article was about LEGAL delivery, you big dummy. I too love when people without knowledge of a situation respond like they know what’s what.","annoyance"
"Then don’t read it. You don’t have to make a salty comment.","annoyance"
"Trust me, you can anthropomorphize anything and fuck it. Or at least, that’s what the internet has taught me.","approval"
"I believe that any country that has hungry people, and too many animals in the shelters, doesnt have a food problem, it has a priority problem. ","sadness"
"Is that a tooter lol","amusement"
"cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!","admiration"
"My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together","admiration"
"This was a clever post. I also unsubscribed.","approval"
"Look at you, emotional.","neutral"
"My nuts hurt watching that second part","nervousness"
"Wow! You are lucky to have survived!","surprise"
"not the traps","neutral"
"the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!","admiration"
"if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.","sadness"
"Nah, that's ArmedForcesUpdate, always good for a laugh","admiration"
"Just ask if she wants to go out sometime. It doesn’t require this much thought","curiosity"
"Well that’s dumb. The question is about this sub.","annoyance"
"Episode IX is apparently about [NAME] going back to Jakku","neutral"
"I'm irritated by the upside down "Anti Crease" bit more than anything. ","annoyance"
"[NAME] is cuter 😆😍","neutral"
"I’m seeing nothing the same besides the head pose and the hair. Can’t even see her eye look because of those gigantic lashes","disapproval"
"I like this man.","admiration"
"I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.","love"
"the problem is that it's arbitrary. USA already has too high standards for immigration","approval"
"Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha","disapproval"
"That's why you stand holding your card in one hand and tapping it on the other, to make it obvious you're impatiently waiting","nervousness"
"No!!! I love emojis 😎😎😁😁😁😁💖🎉","love"
"Mind boggling. Truly. This is the same deal SHE negotiated. Why didn't she find out if her party would back it BEFORE she signed it?","admiration"
"Do you understand now why it's so frustrating to hear this kind of stuff all the time?","disappointment"
"True, my bad. ","disapproval"
"The only character to never let me down","neutral"
"They only really fought them in Al-bab and only reason turkey took al-bad was to split the cantons","approval"
"He's already dead!!!!!!!","neutral"
"Don’t even really know what you mean.","neutral"
"I wish I was there lol","desire"
"Gotta get out on [NAME]","joy"
"You made me cry. That rarely happens, it's like poetry. Someone gets me. Someone feels my pain. Thank you.","gratitude"
"I really enjoy “good life project” podcast by [NAME]","neutral"
"Because [NAME] did not create us as apes and yes Science can never disprove [RELIGION].","neutral"
"Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad","disappointment"
"Thank you so much I'm going to start it right after the Golden Globes!","gratitude"
"[NAME] damn it curtis","neutral"
"we're all in the same struggle except for those few traitors that dared to go out and actually get into a relationship","annoyance"
"Hey easy there, she’s a nice lady ","admiration"
"Video games are great, but sometimes it’s nice to unplug and play a game of Jenga with your cat","admiration"
"[NAME] take a biology class you social darwinist scum.","annoyance"
"Did you see it with [NAME]? I don’t see him have chemistry with anyone","curiosity"
"He might upset [NAME], but [NAME] is going to pick him apart.","disappointment"
"That’s crazy","surprise"
"One of my 56 favourites","approval"
"Read the poem "To this Day". I just read it. I liked it.","approval"
"oh c'mon - i wanna see you defend old testament slavery some more!!!","desire"
"It would be really bad for relations between the two cities if we took Memphis' NBA team.","neutral"
"Aww man this sucks, but at least he’s going to Europe, so I’m happy for him! Goodbye [NAME]! ","love"
"I can't help it. It's just so perfect.","admiration"
"> since their shorter you has more significant impact My shorter me has more impact? Wut? Genuinely confused here about what this means","confusion"
"If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank","desire"
"The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.","admiration"
"Oh good. It's nice to see confirmation that you're actually trolling, because no one is that stupid ","relief"
"> Thank you for participating in the SeattleWA ProcessTM The only process that is messier than the Seattle City Council.","gratitude"
"Favorite: Hardhomme! That epic stare down at the end! Least favorite: No One. Completely ridiculous and unbeleivable","neutral"
"You know what I love abou you [NAME]? Octopussy. Man, I must have seen that movie... twice.","curiosity"
"How dare you make an attempt to be kind!","anger"
"(i'm tickled to see the tag Kalamity catching on around here)","neutral"
"To each according to their needs... Except entitled parents, who need everything.","neutral"
"He’s also got a girlfriend that he really seems to care about....","caring"
"Don't get down. You have only ruined it with that one person.","annoyance"
"True. Icing all three of your villains for the duration of the film is a bad idea. They need to be making moves.","sadness"
"Those turkey legs look delicious","admiration"
"If you feel it's harassment, you have the ability to report the post for harassment.","annoyance"
"Oh. Damn.","disgust"
"Looking through the lives of various figures of the New Atheist movement in the social and political change they sought to create and how it stacked up with reality.","neutral"
"Goodness, that shot of McDonald's is **super** old. It looks like a picture from the 90s/early 2000s.","approval"
"Damn, that shit's decarboxylated af! That'll get you nice and sleepy... I foresee a weed nap in the near future...","approval"
"Is his face always derp or is he just uncomfortable? Because I rarely see a pic of him where he doesn't have some kind of derpy facial expression","confusion"
"Cause as soon as he locked in execution he used the auto typing function immediately celebrating. Gets punished by karma and im the one down voted. Sure","approval"
"Wife of a lawyer. This is correct","approval"
"Online is still in beta. GTA online spent months having disconnect issues and still has them from time to time even 5 years later","disapproval"
"thanks heaps it actually did help [NAME] good man, saved","gratitude"
"The spouse sponsors them to guarantee that they are not a burden to the state. Nothing about this is related to committing a crime.","neutral"
"It isn't worth your time. Get someone better.","caring"
"I'm a cis woman and your wardrobe sounds like like my ideal fall wardrobe!","neutral"
"I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said "He's the best option for attorney general right now"","admiration"
"Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.","annoyance"
"I fail to see how: capitalists are the ones responsible for going to war and not the government, how wars make money.","neutral"
"That’s the face of trying your best not to smile at a bad pun.","curiosity"
"Wow! That's awesome! Congratulations! Its wonderful to have hope of being off medications one day.","admiration"
"Oh for fuck sake. Things were going so well on the coaching front. This dude is nothing but a suck up","annoyance"
"It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.","neutral"
"“I can’t stop vibrating!” [NAME]: ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)","neutral"
"You can disagree with the West's policies and past actions without aligning politically with authoritarian regimes.","neutral"
"Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.","anger"
"Fair enough ;)","approval"
">It doesn't sound like the author has ever actually been to Vietnam Can't rule out credibility tourism","optimism"
"Welcome to switzerland 😂 I see it everyday, when I'm on my way to work. ","approval"
"You can't just make bold claims like that and provide no evidence.","neutral"
"4 5 everybody in the car, so come on let's ride!","neutral"
"Topic change #4. This is getting sad.","sadness"
"Too bad "incremental change toward reasonable goals via evidence-based policy" doesn't work well on a bumper sticker","neutral"
"I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)","gratitude"
"Oh wait that's tonight?!?! Totally watching 😎","curiosity"
"Apologies but what movie is this from?","curiosity"
"Pot of boiling water. Bears don’t know how to carry any of these things so it will probably spill the boiling water on itself.","neutral"
"This whole ordeal seems entirely pointless, but i don't want to turn away in case i miss some drama","annoyance"
"I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.","approval"
"This just gave me strength :)","optimism"
"Are you assuming that all of [NAME] friends are mutual friends of whoever took this screenshot?","neutral"
"You know, ive always wondered how a car could get in a position like that","surprise"
"This guy should go to HELL","anger"
"Girls be you, Guysndont care about it. Be youand things may go well","neutral"
"No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse","annoyance"
"And in some US states, still that range just sets off weird vibes.","optimism"
"Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.","disappointment"
"Now that’s impressive. Our fuzz understands what the knob does, but he can’t turn it.","admiration"
"I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.","joy"
"That is one impressive drawer! No leakage?","neutral"
"I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...","love"
"Stay strong.","optimism"
"He's controversial from what I know. A canny leader to be sure, but his coziness with Dominion Energy has unnerved some [NAME]. ","sadness"
"It was totally worth it.","approval"
"Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.","optimism"
"[NAME] dude... Hasn't anyone ever told you... Never trust a crackhead NEVER! ","disapproval"
"I love Ashtray","love"
"What did he say?","curiosity"
"Thanks, didn't catch that one!","disappointment"
"yes but you will look like you've never lifted a day in your life without a pump","annoyance"
"How cool is it?!?!","curiosity"
"She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!","disgust"
"Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!","excitement"
"I'm worried that [NAME] throwing away a future career by running for President.","caring"
"That was never going to happen.","disapproval"
"I say it every day, buddy. I'd rather pay more at the pumps than be so selfish that I'd sell out our children's futures.","neutral"
"It also would have to take less than like 2 hours for me to get to my destination, time is worth more to me than real money ya know","optimism"
"I'm more surprised the dash cam was functioning properly. Usually around these incidents 3 of them were not recording and one had the lens cap on...","surprise"
"Looking good!!!!!how are you? woww you are a treat...😉. Cute body :).","admiration"
"Yhea but you wouldn't be surprised then.","neutral"
"Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss","annoyance"
"Wouldn't the bully be the Polygon employee?","curiosity"
"Or he fetishizes about them. You never can tell.","neutral"
"My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!","joy"
"Heya, how would u rate this story? Esp compared to 2 before? ;)","curiosity"
"That’s [NAME] son’s college tuition money!","neutral"
"Bahaha that wasn't a shot attempt until the last second","disapproval"
"idk what it is either, I think it’s because he looks like he plays in slow motion, but it works for him so idk","neutral"
"Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.","neutral"
"Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.","disappointment"
"Woah, how manly.","neutral"
"Nice, thanks!!","gratitude"
"Omg this is too good.","admiration"
"Should tell the people at 4chan. They will help you forget this","relief"
"Tbh it really is a long name. And pretty unusual for a ring name.","surprise"
"Can Diggle put a bullet in him already","curiosity"
"* Fuck [NAME] * Yes","anger"
"Grow up and get a job, nobody cares about your autistic memes. ","anger"
"I wake up and think I have to go to school and then realize I've graduated and I'm going to work","neutral"
"> I doubt a typical [NAME] would be bankrupted by a $20K bill This attitude represents exactly the stereotype of [NAME] that most people have.","confusion"
"I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction. ","anger"
"That’s crazy! Really bizarre. Is she off reddit too? I did notice fewer posts.","neutral"
"Doesn't affect you buddy don't stress over it.","caring"
"I think in any state it is permissible to record if you let the other party know that you are recording. I could be wrong, though.","confusion"
"Right. Because our modern society is NOT eye for an eye. If it *was* eye for an eye, the cycle would be endless. Thus the saying.","realization"
"Not caring is fine with me, but I have to lie to my mother every time I say I love you.","disapproval"
"I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy","approval"
"9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.","remorse"
"Just some statistics I saw bud. Calm down.","neutral"
" a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me ","annoyance"
"What's this from?","neutral"
"I def think [NAME] has a lot of upside still, but yeah just a bummer that he's no [NAME].","neutral"
"Omg lol at least now you Will be more careful before throwing out words like that. I would die.","surprise"
"Says who?","neutral"
"Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.","annoyance"
"I think it was a one time thing because they still go for a lot more. I got lucky.","joy"
"Can be a while or never. They filed with place holders filled in for required details.","neutral"
"More please!","neutral"
"If we shoot by accident we don't keep feeding him when we see he is using siphon that give terimuns a barely a single clamity shot","neutral"
"Man that movie is such a classic","admiration"
"My first name is her first name I mean, not my reddit name. ","neutral"
"Where did he ever want to nuke women's rights? Could you provide me with a source","curiosity"
"Same here. Around the same time frame. Ill report back if it changes for me and ask if you can do the same. Thank you","gratitude"
"Hopefully one day EA no longer has exclusive NFL rights...","neutral"
"Stop with this revisionist history we literally just let him go because HE SUCKED","sadness"
"i like that she's just kind of meeting people and dating. I wouldn't even really call it a triangle tbh.","love"
"Why am I seeing this everywhere now? This wasn't in my vocabulary last week.","neutral"
"i would love to have your neighbor!! he seems so nice! i really truly do hope you never meet that guy again.","desire"
"I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.","optimism"
"All the time","neutral"
"Right now, it feels like a good thing but not a great thing. I don't love it... But I don't hate it. ","neutral"
"Wtf is a weeb","anger"
"Subway is the smartest option unless you have tones of stuffs to carry !","admiration"
"FEATURE [NAME] NOW","neutral"
"Hahaha years of being a nets fan makes me only look for reasons we wont win.","desire"
"Because they are triggered. I’m just stating my opinion. It’s a bit fun.","amusement"
"That is some serious dedication... He must love his job","admiration"
"I find this super relateable, I had no idea others felt the same way. ","confusion"
"our boi famous","neutral"
"When have you seen him speak in his real voice?","neutral"
"You could notice he was a little bit nervous, i think that was the main reason for his way of playing in this game.","nervousness"
"[NAME] is the greatest player to ever pick up a basketball","admiration"
"That was [NAME] not Slacked.","neutral"
"I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.","caring"
"Thanks? Lol. Pairing [NAME] or [NAME] with [NAME], defensively, though? Yikes, to say the least.","amusement"
"Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.","anger"
"Oh my. Bless this dog. He is a big boy. I love him so much. Tell him I love him.","love"
"Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.","anger"
"I really didn’t wanna get up to do stuff today","disapproval"
"It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!","relief"
"r/music still defended him knowing that. It feels like almost everyone on Reddit wants to bang a teenager and they get mad when people say it's weird.","sadness"
"Hi 28, I'm dad!","neutral"
"We automatically get the pick. There is just a chance we lose it because of his grievance.","disappointment"
"[NAME] approved this comment!","neutral"
"[NAME] is an embarrassment to this state","embarrassment"
"Who knew Mother's Day had move to Jan 25th????","neutral"
"The frequency with which I hear “gone overseas to defend our country” without a hint of irony should be criminal in itself","neutral"
"Wow, you’re so generous with other people’s money.","surprise"
"I'd watch it without a doubt. I'm especially interested in the different Tracer playstyles, because the only one I know is dive.","realization"
"How was she able to start the adoption process without both you and BF consent plus signatures?","confusion"
"This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.","fear"
"Funny you say that... krav maga is quite popular in Evanston.","admiration"
"Rightfully so. I had it as a child and it was the worst experience in my life. I'm also vulnerable for shingles now. Yaaay.","disappointment"
"Any man who risks having unprotected intercourse with random women likely doesn't have being a father on his mind.","neutral"
"You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.","disappointment"
"Is that [NAME]?","confusion"
"u have to be 15-17 yo and do fast af 90s and edits. Also you need to grind the edit course 24/7","neutral"
":o I have one too! I didn't get anything but bullied at school, though.","disapproval"
"You deserve WAY more upvotes","neutral"
"This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!","annoyance"
"Can’t wait for the 2020’s in my 20’s.","disapproval"
"I moved from the midwest to AK about 6 months ago. Loving the Mat- Su winter compared to the midwest. DO NOT miss the wind at all.","approval"
"Always gotta have a scapegoat so your chosen economic ideology doesn't look bad!","approval"
"And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr","sadness"
"Great for him to admit it. Not many people are that humble","admiration"
"Reminds me of [NAME]","realization"
"Goodbye to what QCX own you once Ernst & Young Inc pay themselves","disapproval"
"I told [NAME] not to shoot [NAME] cause I didn’t think [NAME]’ dumbass would turn his back right in front of her.","embarrassment"
"This just isn't true. It was before [NAME] prime.","disapproval"
"Dear [NAME] man! (Irony intended) You didn't say "proof" you said "evidence"!","annoyance"
"*gasp* video games are the devil!!!!","neutral"
"What’s also interesting is that the artist placed the sun right where the building’s exterior light is located, so the sun really shines.","love"
"Happy cake day, just in case","excitement"
"This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again","joy"
"And the apartment is clean! You can see the floor!","pride"
"Wow! I never saw it that way. Thank you so much :)","admiration"
"Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.","surprise"
"She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠","gratitude"
"Tried to fight multiple times, cried, fallen over, and refused to eat... Sounds like my toddlers...","neutral"
"I can't believe people actually pay for these. 😩","confusion"
"Well at least we got to see Detroit miss an open goal...","approval"
"Oh I found them 8D","neutral"
"Did not realize [NAME] hair game is that fire","realization"
"Neat sub idea! I like it.","admiration"
"Work along with More like fill out an application form!","approval"
"Cool! Just do yourself a favor and do not scroll...","relief"
"Exactly, thank you. ","gratitude"
"2 more trae assists pls another 3 would be delightful as well","approval"
" Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela. ","disappointment"
">Shouldn’t the Bible be infallible No. That would be idolatry. Only [NAME] is infallible,","neutral"
"Not to mention the small electronic machines that we all carry around in our pockets. It'll be interesting to see how this impacts online casinos that accept cryptocurrency.","curiosity"
"I may have awful taste, i would want this cake","approval"
"That’s not the period it’s referring to","neutral"
"Dutch bros made this a legit drink. It’s their cold brew steamed I believe. Edit: spelling","approval"
"They might say that capitalism has directly or indirectly caused just as many deaths (slavery, colonialism, etc). ","neutral"
"I have trophy jeans and a trophy bra! Although RIP my boobs because they were the one thing I liked about my body back then :)","neutral"
"Does she D U A L W I E L D","curiosity"
"ok thanks. i guess that's why there are none of them on reddit to respond to my inquiries lol","amusement"
"Wait what happened??","neutral"
"this is why the right thinks we can’t meme","neutral"
"He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.","disapproval"
"I knew the punchline as soon as I read "Tide Pods" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote.","annoyance"
"Good tips. Will take into consideration everything you said. Thanks a lot !","gratitude"
"Vegetarian, liked animals too. Lets just ignore that stuff about the [NAME], I sure he does not really mean it. ","approval"
"Sometimes those are the only options. Laughing makes other people feel better at least so that's what you gotta do.","caring"
"I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏","gratitude"
"Ballarat so we don’t lose the [NAME] bros.","neutral"
"[NAME] is such a legendary daddy 😩","neutral"
"And you didn't read the filler did you?","anger"
"That woman gave me nightmares as a child. Also, you probably know this but she also plays [NAME] aunt in the third movie!","fear"
"That's how it be sometimes.","neutral"
"She did that on purpose look at her feet shift over before she throws the punch.","annoyance"
"I see you flaired it with help,so what do you need help with","curiosity"
"Yeah you have great solidarity with evil reigimes.","admiration"
"I was reading up on that, sounds like the long-term success rate is similar too.","neutral"
"Super [NAME] told me [NAME] was crap though and that [NAME] was far better :(","neutral"
"I’m fully onboard with you there, I was more commenting that to get the liberals in this sub thinking, since ACAB gets downvoted into oblivion ","approval"
"I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.","disapproval"
"They can't they need a morty dumbness shield","annoyance"
"Now I'm repeating myself","neutral"
"FYI this gif is a hit on [NAME] so yeah both sides think this is hilarious!","joy"
"Thank you sir","gratitude"
"Her only number one this decade was featuring on Perfect with [NAME] :(","neutral"
"And it’s only 100 degrees with 90% humidity.","neutral"
"what a cute outfit omg","excitement"
"Omg, thank you!","gratitude"
"I’m in ND too and I’ve maybe seen two people use studded tires in the two years I’ve lived here.","realization"
"As someone with a newborn, thank you so much! Good tip to have for sure!","gratitude"
"The bitch doesnt need drag race (bc shes amazing) but im still sad.","admiration"
"What was that, I couldn't hear you over my easy to clean cookware! ","confusion"
"We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!","joy"
"I heard [NAME] makes someone his bitch on a usual basis. Anyone remember how often?","annoyance"
"No,not a fan of cigarettes","disapproval"
"Wait. Do you think socialism is high tax rates?","neutral"
"Thank you :) it was hard to get back in the groove but now that I am, I don’t wanna stop!","gratitude"
"No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already","disapproval"
"The Magic are good at being frustrating.","admiration"
"That looks like the Galt House hotel in Louisville. Is that right?","confusion"
"Suck Fat Women.","annoyance"
"it did really","neutral"
"Haha, love it! :)","amusement"
"Make sure to tell her /r/Austin helped you pick a place! She'll appreciate the thought you put into choosing a place special to her.","gratitude"
"makes me wish friendly fire was a feature","neutral"
"Nice Sir !","gratitude"
"I'm not gonna lie, I'm guilty of being triggered by people buying NASA shit but don't really care about it. ","approval"
"what are you scared of!","fear"
"I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.","disappointment"
"It's to bad I live in a society that only wants my continual existence.","sadness"
"Wow thanks. Didn’t know there were any others glad to hear","gratitude"
"Your name needs some work LOL","amusement"
"[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.","optimism"
"They did. They used [NAME] crews and had soundbytes from #metoo and the supreme Court trial.","neutral"
"FUCKING YES BEST PLAYER ON THE PITCH TODAY ABSOLUTE WARRIOR BOW DOWN TO THE BALON DOR WINNER TRULY WORTHY","admiration"
"As a high libido female, I feel the same with posts from males. It's slightly relieving to know someone else struggles the same way.","excitement"
"As a man with a vasectomy, I want some of that blame. Dang women always keeping the blame to themselves. /s","neutral"
"Instead of dumped underground at a later date, just dumped into the sea earlier. Despicable","neutral"
"Glad your nights going well guys","neutral"
"Except he does literally every game, but not everyone can watch them. ","realization"
"We were all that way when we were 17 too","neutral"
"Love your username!","love"
"Makes sense since he usually is the one to clean up kills while others make contact","neutral"
"I have always found them grating","annoyance"
"Although every moment you suffer will last more too...","caring"
"I want a pizza flair!!","desire"
"There was a huge pervasive fear of nuclear war in the 80s among kids. I remember often waking up screaming from nuclear nightmares.","fear"
"Missing this roster 😢😢😢","disappointment"
"Triggered much druggie? Lol","amusement"
"Said it all year, I think losing [NAME] hurt this team in more ways than we'll ever know. ","realization"
"Yeah, fuck you for enjoying music! I'd love to see your collection. ","anger"
"No chance unless he smokes out of a gas mask or suffers a bad injury.","neutral"
"Well, the [NAME] should help us out, the reason we are in this political mess is because we detained a person for them. ","neutral"
"It doesn’t really matter what you mean, it matters what you say and do.","neutral"
"I would vote no to a United Ireland because the Republic doesn't have a free health service and no free prescriptions","approval"
"I spent a few months in LA and it freaked me out every time someone zoomed past me.","excitement"
"It’s more like a bunch of vaguely veiled racists and sexists and MAGAtards. Unless that’s what you consider “good.”","neutral"
"I read it as "urinary breast implant" and was quite confused I must say. ","confusion"
"If he's still blaming [NAME] for his issues, the therapist is doing a bad job.","disapproval"
"TURN OFF YOUR ELECTRICAL DEVICES AS FAST AS YOU CAN","fear"
"Please make this happen. It works fine for Arizona. It will work fine here. Do it.","approval"
"I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!","desire"
"Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down. ","caring"
"i think there is empirical data for evolution...","neutral"
"[NAME] so good. What a gem.","admiration"
"It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country","admiration"
"Guys. She can do paarrn! She has her gym moans down. She wld kill it!!!","neutral"
"thus is beautiful","admiration"
"Grant us pies, grant us pies.","neutral"
"This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.","disapproval"
"Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.","neutral"
"Another way to do it without screaming at your teammates!","neutral"
"I think this lady has simply gone bananas.","neutral"
"The StackExchange network might have turned into an elitist playground but it's damn good for finding a fix for your problems.","approval"
"There's a lot like that though: I don't think so.","disapproval"
"Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal. ","anger"
"First I was afraid, I was petrified...","fear"
"The stress of electoral politics seems to be incredibly bad for one’s health.","disappointment"
"If ANYONE told me upfront they were a whatever game console guy/girl, I’d reconsider dating them. You’re too into video games. ","neutral"
"January 19. At least we won't have to wait long for this one.","excitement"
"I dont see a blue line connecting them i see each mine has a little line coming out but on my screen they arent touching","neutral"
"because my dogs wouldst know why I left. gotta give that little floof ball the best life he can have","neutral"
"No no this sub has so much to offer. So many great pictures to see. You have a great place here.","admiration"
"Booping can be dangerous though.","caring"
"That's really awesome!","admiration"
"So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.","amusement"
"Praying for me family.","neutral"
"*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast","optimism"
"Your an idiot and trying to justify your ignorance.","neutral"
"Ahh well if some rando in reddit says something without evidence, that’s good enough for me! International association of medical doctors be damned!","annoyance"
"Take your upvote and go away","neutral"
"I used to really like [NAME]. Now she is the worst :(","disappointment"
"A "wise" man once told me: > DO > YOUR > OWN >RESEARCH >! ","neutral"
"Someone may have mineswept it after we left for all I know...*shudders thinking about it*.","neutral"
"Thanks man....","gratitude"
"[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo","admiration"
"And I said, 'wouldn't that have _prevented_ you from having the name [NAME]?', and he said *FUCK*","disgust"
"Attempt to con the senate. This should continue to be entertaining","optimism"
"I would agree. It's unfortunate and brutal in its content and in the responses in the thread","anger"
"Seriously, I’ve been catching and loving this one since it first came out.","admiration"
"Imagine caring about last laugh This post was made by the warlord gang.","amusement"
"You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.","anger"
"I like this response. I can’t give you gold but have some honorary gold.","love"
"But the poster, on the other hand...","neutral"
"Fuck it, it's every man/woman for themselves in this fucked City. I've given up caring.","anger"
"I mean there's some truth in so far as the criticism should be first and foremost directed towards the parents, with [NAME] in a close second.","neutral"
"That poor soul","sadness"
"Grown men who decide to call themselves"young loli girl" probably aren't interested in understanding how rape affects society.","neutral"
"It tasted strange to me.","annoyance"
"Have a great weekend","admiration"
"this one's ironic...","neutral"
"You win some, you lose some.","disappointment"
"PLEASE!!! That’s on a PERFECT day! I live here. Trust me. NOT always that simple!","admiration"
"I've met very few "bad" people in my life. Most people I arrest are ok people who made unfortunate mistakes.","neutral"
"I think [NAME] has unlocked [NAME]","neutral"
"Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now","realization"
"I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”","annoyance"
"at least you’re getting hit on","neutral"
"you are about to be beamed up","neutral"
"I guess you could say that it was unexpected","neutral"
"Yeah, that's what we call it too. Have you been to Madina Masjid in Toronto? ","approval"
"lol robot car","neutral"
"It had a rough start but it really came around.","neutral"
"I agree, not to say he would be a favourite but [NAME] is very hittable, one good headkick is all it takes","approval"
"125$ for all cards that have ever existed.","realization"
"Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!","love"
"Unfortunately I’m not a military man","disapproval"
"if its not for [NAME] i will combust into flames and I will die","disapproval"
"After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear. ","realization"
"Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.","excitement"
"This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]","admiration"
"I’d like to know too. How lucky am I that my first ever relationship was with a pwBPD. sigh","curiosity"
"I prefer to pay for my hugs, higher quality.","neutral"
"Dude got owned by a glass of cider. He spent a full month roiling and gnashing his teeth in an existential nightmare because of sulphites.","sadness"
"You did this, YOU DID THIS","neutral"
"Spilled sperm and allowances are non returnable.","neutral"
"It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.","disappointment"
"I have decided to put myself first and see what happens ... some day things will be amazing","excitement"
"That’s depressing","sadness"
"Okay well we should move him to wherever he gets the most opportunity to blitz from LB while our new signee can cover behind","neutral"
"Looks like *[NAME]* was there with her murderous [NAME].","neutral"
"Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.","disappointment"
"I think you and I think alike. Sometimes I wish I knew less of history... because ignorance can be blissful","neutral"
"He ships.","neutral"
"I can't wait until I can get my app up and running now.","curiosity"
"“Oh hey, I think a second ago [NAME] just put a move on [NAME]! Oh boy I wonder how that was.”","curiosity"
"Did you laugh at this meme?","neutral"
"I now know what taking acid would feel like","realization"
"Where is he spewing hate? I follow him on twitter and have never seen him say anything hateful unless you consider criticism of [RELIGION] hateful.","neutral"
"When I'm the fifth Hokage I'm gonna make sure no one has to go through that sort of abuse! Believe it!!","optimism"
"If they declare it, its not a bribe its a political donation... In theory.","amusement"
"Well, I can't speak for the right; I'm on the left.","neutral"
"Sorry, no trivia today. Calendar had a fun fact which I'll edit this post with when I get back to it","disapproval"
"Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.","approval"
"They just shot up a mall. They’re complete fucking idiots.","anger"
"I like you. No promo","admiration"
"That was one of the most entertaining chalenges though. That and [NAME] slamming the table","amusement"
"Needles = government/big pharma who are only out to get you","neutral"
"I love you [NAME]!","love"
"So looks like it was gang violence?","confusion"
"Fuck I love you prag","anger"
"Comments aren't the only thing here that's disabled.","neutral"
"This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”","confusion"
"Consoles can’t hit 120 fps in fortnite m8. You’d be lucky for like 90","disapproval"
"Clear eyes.","neutral"
"[NAME] vs [NAME] has been a great match... hope [NAME] can give a fight for the fourth set!","admiration"
"Wow that has to be the best advice I’ve ever gotten. Thank you","admiration"
"I cant stand [NAME]","disapproval"
"Woah, woah, woah. You're trying to tell me that elites have a stranglehold in a country with an *actual* aristocracy?! ","surprise"
"Boy does that hit the nail on the head.","neutral"
"The bar for being a neckbeard has been lowered irretrievably.","disappointment"
"It would be that much in the States too but, subsidized. Edit: not sure about the down votes. ","neutral"
"haha not bad my man","admiration"
"I need to hear more stories like this. I've only heard horror stories of the pain with the surgery as an adult.","curiosity"
"honestly, individually he's been awful so far.","excitement"
"Should be nice to we can see full video clip how we died....","neutral"
"Well cancer is sort of like a constant injury....","neutral"
""I love animals but I hate PETA." - [NAME] ","disapproval"
"At this point one can only hope.","optimism"
"LOL I read that and slavated. I wish we could pull that sweet of a deal off.","amusement"
"Oh my [NAME] do you value 'freedom' over safety?!","curiosity"
"Sure, its just that it was completely irrelevant to my reply","neutral"
"Is that not common in your area? I see amish people all the time","disapproval"
"Your welcome and I know what you mean. Whenever I feel sad, our dogs would come to me and they would either lick or lie with me. ","gratitude"
"I haven't gone to someone to talk about it. I really want to, though. ","neutral"
"[NAME] freaking [NAME] all the people down range just staring. -_- GO INSIDE DUMBASSES.","anger"
"Wait, so do you have a source or not? Genuinely curious, it’s been three comments since the other guy asked","curiosity"
"SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL","annoyance"
"You didnt!","neutral"
"Oh man this is horrible and the best summary of this subreddit in one single comment. I love it. Thank you so much.","admiration"
"Can't wait to see this badboy in season 8 😍 😍 😍 When [NAME] listed him among Dragonpit characters i was so happy. ","neutral"
"You're the one who's out, biggy. Out of your mind!","anger"
"The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.","disappointment"
"Nah they’re on there, just gotta scroll down some.","neutral"
"My wife is out for shabbos and I'm so lonely without her :(","annoyance"
"Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything","disappointment"
"That actually sounds like it would help, I’m glad it worked for you and I hope you eye is ok now 👁💪🏻","joy"
"I’d be afraid to get high after that yo","nervousness"
"I have chosen not to kill people that I was going to slaughter just because they said "Hey! How are you?"","caring"
"You may be onto something. Strange that I agree with this now.","approval"
"Prayer will help you more than any of us can","approval"
"[NAME] and and [NAME] still look the same ahhh","confusion"
"> How can you hate your brother in arms? They managed a damn fine job of it in Weimar Germany.","confusion"
"Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less. ","joy"
"I have soo many questions!","neutral"
"Would you PM me details? How did you motivate yourself? Did you fail a few times?","neutral"
"Now change the guys face to [NAME] and you are golden.","neutral"
"That sounds terrible.","fear"
"The DPRK is ethno fascism","neutral"
"I clearly recall being told the same thing in ‘97, when I was driving a ‘74...except the years were different obv.","neutral"
"Congrats I’m very happy for your happy ending. Wish you guys many many years of happiness together","excitement"
"its not about claiming its yours, its just about where it is from","neutral"
"Sounds like she wants dessert, but hates you eating any cake. ","disappointment"
"Knowing [NAME] he’d probably give [NAME] up for a 5th rounder smh","neutral"
"His chin is recessed. How the fuck does he have decent lower face","anger"
"Part of life in freedom is that parents are responsible to raise their children. The only weapon we have left is friendly persuasion.","neutral"
"The 30 second new's watcher is still in a far better place to judge *their own interests* better than you or anyone else.","confusion"
"That’s possibly why he couldn’t get rich or famous in Hollywood without LVP propping him up.","neutral"
"Of course that's possible but you need to provide some proof.","approval"
"i know, [NAME] sucks balls","neutral"
"OH MY GOD OH MY GOD CONGRATS!!!!","gratitude"
"I love it! Cute sprite work....","admiration"
"Are you new to drag race skits?","neutral"
"I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come","disapproval"
"True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.","optimism"
"I’m thinking so, since the sides are spiky and somewhat serrated.","neutral"
"Please get them into it. Toronto needs a better barn","fear"
"[NAME] helped by hosting with her 12k? viewers from the drop event. But yeah, overall the viewership has increased in general. Which is great news.","admiration"
"tape up those laptop cams y’all","neutral"
"I use group up but there's a group up for healing prompt? I'm on console and I don't think I've seen it","curiosity"
"She looks pretty big to me. I doubt she’s within a healthy weight range.","admiration"
"I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]","sadness"
"thats life lol","amusement"
"I am so excited for tonight's episode! It's barely even started *_*","excitement"
"Happened this afternoon, January 21, 2019 in the Central South-East area. So frustrating! ","annoyance"
"Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?","gratitude"
"This is a terrible tip. Please think before doing something like this.","fear"
"No I meant like did they then forget and ask a follow up question. Basically making the situation more funny.","amusement"
"Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..","caring"
"The second overall pick is pretty embarrassing","embarrassment"
"The only thing wrong with her is her face. Maybe she has a giving personality?","disappointment"
"That's a surprise from this guy.","joy"
"Yea... I'll have to pass on the carpool with a username like that","approval"
"You sound fun at parties","joy"
"Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again","gratitude"
"No I don’t, why can’t you bring your hand to do it?","annoyance"
"is that [NAME] fucking [NAME]","curiosity"
"The thing is the American hierarchs were ready to act until the Pope stepped in and told them to wait.","neutral"
"Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.","caring"
"Buddy I think you may have been wooooshed..","nervousness"
"Are you honestly being serious? I have a hard time believing that you can afford it","curiosity"
"I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1","approval"
"Had a quick listen and it could potentially be my jam! Thank you, kind [NAME] :)","gratitude"
"There is no such thing as "objectively wrong", so, no, it's not.","disapproval"
"You deserve better. Good things will come. Hang in there.","caring"
"Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.","approval"
"Top 10 nibbas satan's too afraid to torture.","annoyance"
"Good for you man. Enjoy.","admiration"
">tyrannical absolutes = must be sarcasm Oh, sweet summer child...","admiration"
"Glad I tend to post pics of my cats and not myself.","neutral"
"No it's laziness. People don't clean because there isn't an immediate consequence and the reward for cleaning isn't large enough.","neutral"
"Harsh, but true","realization"
"the ratings have never been worse...","relief"
"If you are not worried about stranger danger I could probably give you a lift.","caring"
"they are always playing the victim no matter what happens. bash the fash.","neutral"
"For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.","sadness"
"This post and thread are killing me","grief"
"Youd be surprised how many times the "hebephilia is not pedophilia" argument comes up on reddit. ","annoyance"
"My relationship ended the first morning of 2019...Crazy way to start the New Year","sadness"
"It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.","neutral"
"if it's "unavailable" it's deffo not from the cold lol :D","amusement"
"Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?","annoyance"
"Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.","amusement"
"Same here. I drink a pint of water? No bathroom needs for at least two hours. Pint of beer? Half an hour, tops.","approval"
"love that guy","love"
"I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss","neutral"
"I grew up on the other side of Ama but live in Tulia now. I will have some El Burrito for you","neutral"
"This. Nothing would make me happier than the see the gNats hamstrung for the next decade because they gave a ridiculous contract to a hometown hero.","annoyance"
"*Peril sensitive sunglasses excluded.","neutral"
"just when you think it can't get worse...","neutral"
"Matinee games always scare me, but I have confidence in this team. LGI!","fear"
"Honestly I agree. We should shun vegetarians regardless of the [NAME] thing. /s","amusement"
"Could this be more .jpeged","neutral"
"**I can't believe she held out for a full 24 hours before flip-flopping**","surprise"
"Tried to take first one but says invalid. Thank you anyway.","gratitude"
"There was a weirdly similar post to this on LegalAdviceUK maybe a couple of days back.","neutral"
"OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!","anger"
"why the fuck is this getting downvoted","anger"
"De nada!","neutral"
"He wanted to make a fake foul.he didn't know it was nacho","neutral"
"Do your research. Not going to engage in conversation with you any longer. Put your Nintendo away and educate yourself.","disapproval"
"Describe these demographic changes plz. If you own the shops you decide what people eat.","optimism"
"[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there","admiration"
"Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you","anger"
"Wow, y'all are heroes! ","excitement"
"imagine being engaged to someone and then finding out he has been hiding that he is a MLP fan","realization"
"Apparently, they couldn't believe a massive corporation (that they're loyal to) finally called them out.","embarrassment"
"I would think that logic would dictate that you should be able to type anything in chat that your in-game avatar is saying.","neutral"
">so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.","annoyance"
"What documentary?","curiosity"
"[NAME] is great and all but him and ab need each other","neutral"
"[NAME] is Television. Got it. He's too misogynistic to be the Patti Smith Group.","annoyance"
"that was an awful open shot....","disgust"
"You didn’t offer any proof. She gave the dnc some money to stay afloat. You have yet to explain how that translates to them damaging [NAME] campaign","neutral"
"I actually found mine today! I will give it to my 1 year old","neutral"
"He's been playing better this season though, in my opinion.","admiration"
"OMG this Extreme Love commercial. Yikes.","surprise"
"You forgot [NAME] and [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] in the 2003 *Battlestar Galactica*, which was spectacular. ","realization"
"Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.","anger"
"Chill man, I didn’t see anything concerning [NAME] on here before that’s all.","disapproval"
"why fire make hand hurt","curiosity"
"It is actually out on the steam store right now.","approval"
"I don't know about that. Is that something?","confusion"
"Had to watch "Elmo in Grouchland" one time too many when my kids were little...musical Elmo / Oscar overdose...","neutral"
"As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it. ","gratitude"
"Thanks man I will check into it.","gratitude"
"But pretty much the entire Torah is in masculine language. Weak argument on their part.","disappointment"
"If you need to vent or anything, let me know. I'd be glad to chat or even just listen, whatever helps. Stay strong!","joy"
"You know what to do. Start telling people.","caring"
"I'm excited!","excitement"
"Sure let's leave a bomb outside a [RELIGION] secondary school, that'll show the [NAME]!","approval"
"My favorite gusgasm","love"
"I don’t understand why this is a problem? Each of you just plate up your own food and then eat together.","annoyance"
"Completely, it makes it into a decent panel","approval"
"Oi he got stabbed in the eye","anger"
"I just heard about this, its pretty cool. ","admiration"
"It's very interesting that the fresh water doesn't just dilute the salt water","neutral"
"Closing in on $300,000 now, this stream is incredible.","admiration"
"It's not deep, it's a proverb. Actions speak louder than words. He's just paraphrasing something everyone is already told","neutral"
"I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!","admiration"
"It honestly sounds like he has some type of addiction to games. Reminds me a lot of my ex.","approval"
"Sitting there dreaming of hot girls coming up to you in your room is better.","approval"
"I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.","remorse"
"I know, all the comments have me cracking up.","amusement"
"Let’s get some shoes!","approval"
"I’m sorry but I don’t think you do","optimism"
"I've had all this... except for the last part.","neutral"
"oh [NAME], the fumbles.... all the fumbles","annoyance"
"What is the least confusing racism to you","confusion"
"When I was younger I would forget to pull it back to pee sometimes. That was a mess and led to some embarrassing moments.","embarrassment"
"At least he let you use an envoy. Those are seriously reliable. What color was the envoy","approval"
"I didn't downvote you so I couldn't tell yah why. It was definitely infected that's why it was red and swollen.","neutral"
"Best comment ever.","admiration"
"I agree with the last paragraph, it isn't there fault the other side didn't want to participate though. ","approval"
"Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.","disapproval"
"He is not acknowledging anything, he is hoovering. Don’t fall for it.","disgust"
"This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh","joy"
"Omg I want this dog ❤️❤️❤️","desire"
"Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure. ","joy"
"They confirmed its in the queue, just not yet. Fishing is happening eventually.","neutral"
"It's pretty clear if you understand basic math.","neutral"
"YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...","excitement"
"Why are you making questionable jokes at work? Unless you work in a comedy club, it really aint the place.","annoyance"
"Bro, he left his team in the middle of the game... idc what argument you have with [NAME] you still left your team.","anger"
"Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.","excitement"
"Season park, was 2 summers ago!! ","neutral"
"If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.","caring"
"New Theory: [NAME] wanted the decoder ring so he could finally figure out how to bond with his father.","neutral"
"Diacetyl, which is actually in higher amounts in cigarettes themselves, and even cigs havent caused popcorn lung lol","neutral"
"> or the thief charges you and you get sued and charged for setting up a trap on your own property As you fucking **should.**","amusement"
"Im a Florida you racist","neutral"
"Franz Ferdinand are awful too","disgust"
"Itll happen. Im 36 and i think i finally found the one last year 🤞","approval"
"It's not deep, it's a proverb. Actions speak louder than words. He's just paraphrasing something everyone is already told","approval"
"[NAME], thank you, for being a friend.","gratitude"
"[NAME] was back for a solid week and he didnt know he was attacked by a goddamn bear","approval"
"We should stop there... the inception will sink the titanic.","neutral"
"She sucks but you don’t sound much better","annoyance"
"yeah, a little bit.","neutral"
"The content is a rambling mess.","confusion"
"Struck a nerve I see. Press X to doubt","neutral"
"See ya!","neutral"
"I got the same call, voicemail was definitely Chinese but I deleted it and marked the number as Spam/Blocked ","confusion"
"No that would be yet another mistake.","disapproval"
"That's what I think of the school that gave AOC a degree in Economics.","neutral"
"I have a 17 year old friend who just googles "memes" to get his fix","neutral"
"I can definitely see this one","approval"
"Genuinely fascinating.","admiration"
"Man I hate that [NAME] guy.","disgust"
"thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period","relief"
"That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD","sadness"
"wait... so are ugly people downwoted all the time or they don't post or what is going on here...","curiosity"
"I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario ","disappointment"
"Wow. [NAME] is a giant POS. He'll be really happy being single and dying alone.","admiration"
"You’re right, 5 minutes won’t be enough, earlier could be 10 minutes. Weird how that works.","curiosity"
"A lovely bronze age mud hut, it's a British tradition.","neutral"
"If this was some weird publicity stunt to announce the [NAME] is coming back I will die. In reality, it makes me think he's coming back","realization"
"Motor Kombat was awesome. Goofy as hell, but awesome.","admiration"
"this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.","disapproval"
"Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.","fear"
"You must make a killing as a Dublin landlord. That apartment will be rented 24/7","neutral"
"Wow this is the first I’ve heard of this. You should go tell /r/hockey, I’m sure they have no idea either.","joy"
"Acestream is a great tool, just a shame that it's closed source, makes it a bit scarier for me to use.","admiration"
"Boycott Gynolette!","neutral"
"Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude","remorse"
"Tell me when you find out how to bowser-wobble","optimism"
"Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.","fear"
"Ameen InshAllah. Thank you ☺️ I’ll try","desire"
"Kiss your homies good night","neutral"
"in what universe? lol the mr. blue sky cover is one of the best on the album imo.","admiration"
"That, plus they also store our info insecurely so it leaks out. Just another part of this dumb economics game I guess...","annoyance"
"More then a handful is to much anyways. You're all good lady. Confidence is sexy","amusement"
"> especially now that Sweden stopped their program What program did we stop? I'm lost here.","neutral"
"Yeah I meant to say the purpose ofnbeing an independent is "so one can remain annoyingly aloof about primaries and then vote any way in the general"","annoyance"
"Does that person only eats rocks? Because if you put bacteria and human beings on an equal footing, everyone is a fucking cannibal.","confusion"
"I'm not white.","disapproval"
"This stinks like Troom Troom","neutral"
"Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better. ","caring"
"Hey guys don't freak out but Widow has a POISON MINE, ikr I never knew it existed. I was too busy missing body shots.","disapproval"
"Yeah greyhound was shut down here and its not looking good everywhere else","disapproval"
"I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards","neutral"
"Weezer and squeeze her?","neutral"
"Imagine spending the day having to hear excuses from people slowly killing themselves. He's too kind.","neutral"
"I wonder what they'll name it.... I guess Chipper if its a boy, and Chipper if its a girl ","neutral"
"I feel you, names are the worst. ","approval"
""Best prank ever" :) One of my favorite moments.","joy"
"Hahah I’ll try and hop on after this basketball game. Hopefully around 7","amusement"
"Fool you twice, shame on you","embarrassment"
"This sounds so painful. I am so sorry. This ED is literally a demon.","remorse"
"Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening","fear"
"I have a coworker that had a similar problem... turns out she needed surgery to clear out her sinuses. Once she had the surgery things improved significantly.","neutral"
"I usually say , DON'T BE EMBARRASSED ! They don't know you anyway...mm","caring"
"I already like the game. I don't to make the wins gimmicky for the game to be fun.","approval"
"Happy to hear that :). Where are you from btw?","curiosity"
"[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.","disapproval"
"She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.","gratitude"
"You need to tell the poor girl it was you not her lol","amusement"
"I like it","joy"
"She look like any dude I use to battle rap with","approval"
"The thin side and endlines are really throwing me off.","neutral"
":^(","neutral"
"Do not send money by Western Union to anyone in China. It's 99.9% scam.","neutral"
"Austin Powers that shit","neutral"
"As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.","love"
"Try really warm water instead. It's awesome.","admiration"
"You are reduced to attacking men for their biology.","annoyance"
"It's not a question of law; it's a matter of school policy.","annoyance"
"Shame [NAME] is no longer with us","grief"
"This artwork is amazing! Only thing that bothers me a bit, is that [NAME] is wearing something that looks like Korean traditional wear as opposed to a kimono","admiration"
"Sooner or later you're both going to have to make some choices about your priorities.","annoyance"
"No prob, glad you asked the question -- hope the response above helps fast-track folks like you who are interested in donating. ","approval"
"> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....","anger"
">I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike Ah yes, truly makes you think ","desire"
"He loves it.","neutral"
"Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.","curiosity"
"Standing ovation. Nicely done.","admiration"
"You an Asperger?","excitement"
"They want to live like ordinary [NAME] and the superior suburban mainstream way of life, not like a bunch of downtown elitists. ","desire"
"This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year","neutral"
"That head must hurt!","neutral"
"The Sunshine Skyway Bridge? I'm near that, too, and have also thought about doing that.","confusion"
"Oh he did t quit when he just disappeared?","embarrassment"
"He has been ghosting me whenever I text or call him. I know he has been getting them though. As they are always left on read.","disapproval"
"My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others","desire"
"Find yourself another pretty, nice girl that doesn’t have cheating tendencies. They exist ","approval"
"r/redditminusmods its the first post there.","neutral"
"I've probably watched it more than you have.","pride"
"Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...","anger"
"i'm guessing there is no dvd plan in the UK","neutral"
"I've never been so proud of humanity.","admiration"
"Nah... i think he made around 90... i tried searching up his pocket, and fuck me...","neutral"
"*sigh* just take it ⬆️","approval"
"I stated previously, the one knock on [NAME] is his lack of counters. That’s what separates him and [NAME].","approval"
"How do you know if this gets downvoted to hell, but a lot of times before dying (6 hits taken.).","sadness"
"As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with","excitement"
"its all fun, until one pissed off owner with a lot of money to burn files tampering charges against [NAME] and [NAME], and takes them to court","amusement"
"I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.","fear"
"53 months?? That is insane, must've been a different type of octopus then the one I was learning about. ","realization"
"Group hug to you and our fellow redditors :)","caring"
"Kerastase. Redken is pretty good, too. ","admiration"
"Orange kitty has a bit of concern in his face.","approval"
"You know I’m not the only one that stole a meme and posted it in other subreddit, right? ","anger"
"I’m guessing you’re talking about when I burned my arm. 2nd degree and luckily no scaring","relief"
"I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.","annoyance"
"Just don’t bother. Let them have their hateful circle jerk. When they lock eyes while coming, that’s their favorite.","neutral"
"I'm happy for you and myself.","joy"
"BHARLIE HEAT VERSION","neutral"
"Reserved for when the wizards blow my 3 team parlay","neutral"
"It's some freaky stuff for sure!! How legitimate do you speculate the experiments are?","embarrassment"
"What the actual fuck, does seeing something terrible prevent you from enjoying the entire rest of your life?","curiosity"
"They don't remember anything that happened before November 8th 2016. We are at war with orange man. We have always been at war with orange man.","realization"
"Oh yeah I know, but like.. _why?_ it just seems like such a waste of his time.","confusion"
"In the back of my car, for reasons we can’t find a safe bed to go to","neutral"
"At least [NAME] gave us entertainment","approval"
"How dare you do [NAME] like this.","annoyance"
"that speaks to my soul on a real level.","approval"
"Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.","joy"
"I don't think he can hear you yell louder!!! ;)","amusement"
"now imagine its some drunk 20 year old sitting near you screaming things every couple of minutes because thats whats its like in the stands","neutral"
"Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes","admiration"
"Yeah I doubt the woman would post about it whilst still in his bed. She'd wait until she was dumped then complain about it at least.","confusion"
"Forgot to mention that it contains lanolin, don't know if thats a deal breaker. Regardless, alcohol free emollient + occlusive is the way to go","surprise"
"Yes my man","neutral"
"She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.","annoyance"
"[NAME] because hes best survivor","admiration"
"This is what happens when you've gotta get the video out as fast as possible. Quality suffers.","disappointment"
"I see, thanks for the clarification.","gratitude"
"I find it boring and, at times, incredibly annoying in all of the games. It completely lost its appeal somewhere around Black Flag.","annoyance"
"I have a model gun IRL, similar to the ones in Persona You could imagine how fun it was playing through P3","neutral"
"She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.","gratitude"
"That was a joke omg","annoyance"
"🤣I didn't realize that the Geneva Convention covered this, but phew! I might be doing this ASAP.","surprise"
"Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch","admiration"
"talking about [NAME] i think","approval"
"I dont like to give out my number before meeting. Maybe phrase it in terms of verbal convo.. eg phone,Skype etc","disapproval"
"[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.","love"
"So cynical! 🙄 😂","fear"
"Copyrights on the individual track designs? Maybe but I'd like to see them","neutral"
"YES they all going in on LIEda","neutral"
"Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::","relief"
"> Iturriaga (Mexico) Oh yeah. that was a thing. How was we?","neutral"
"That's awesome. Hahaha","admiration"
"I still gotta watch the last one. ☹","annoyance"
"Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.","sadness"
"I really don’t think [NAME] will leave him. Regardless of if he’s cheating or not.","neutral"
"Gee I wish.","desire"
"And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.","disappointment"
"[NAME]? As in thay Saint Jimmy's shit that seems to be showing up in every convenience store these days?","neutral"
"This movie, though simple but effective, shows how it is being jammed in your face is because it was just one police officer, chill.","admiration"
"No but that's why I stay up way too late.","neutral"
"[NAME]? 1st for [NAME]?","confusion"
"Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations","annoyance"
"the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!","neutral"
"Still concluding I’m disingenuous despite getting your facts wrong. Big ego you’ve got.","neutral"
"It's not because you killed the chicken. Kill another one and see if that happens again.","neutral"
"Ooh! I quite like the swimming pool of makeup as well.","desire"
"Depends on what you want to do, but I'd buy This","neutral"
"I think this type of stuff is great fun too. However, my ex objects if the kids go back to her with too many scrapes and bruises. ","admiration"
"You should. Come on man.","neutral"
"I agree, but people always respond with "muh eugenics! Literally [NAME]! Human rights!"","excitement"
"Just [NAME] rush the sub, they can try and get us but we’ll break through like the videos of the England team they tried deleting.","neutral"
"Hi, [NAME]! I am dropping by to wish you the most fantastic day of your life! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot","gratitude"
"What’s she interested in? Has she taken any interest in games that you play?","curiosity"
"The best timeline","approval"
"Better ye, make some Pho and use lots of sriracha. Things will definitely get heated.","caring"
"I'm suprised they didn't use the classic: "[NAME]?" ","neutral"
"Just imagine what they'll come up with in ten years.","neutral"
"Congratulations! :)","gratitude"
"I was expecting you to say she put a piece of bread on your head and say "okay you're a sandwich","approval"
"Needed that. A [NAME] ridiculous play is a game changer","approval"
"So are we tanking or are we still trying for playoffs?","neutral"
"Thank you for the new obsession.","gratitude"
"Cheers mate for the correction, i saw Prestigeiskey's vid and couldnt remember exactly when but knew its coming sooner than later. ","admiration"
"I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.","caring"
"[NAME] isnt right wing. Hes center left.","neutral"
"Yep, minimizing massively","approval"
"Tyl has got to be the most cringey, condescending thing I've seen on Reddit in a while.","neutral"
"Weeb is confused! Weeb hurt itself in its confusion","confusion"
"I think OP said teacher in correlation to how he was using the word "lesson." I don't think they were an actual teacher.","neutral"
"Yeah totally but she was mainly talking about [NAME] coming in and screaming, she wasn’t actually referencing their relationship","neutral"
"definitly whining my dude","sadness"
"So many? I’d be amazed if it was more than 0.1% of active players at any time","admiration"
"No words, but a series of loud screams should explain this look fairly well","excitement"
"Yiddish is such an in-group language that you basically just have to go by whoever you're talking to.","neutral"
"You forgot [NAME] and [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] in the 2003 *Battlestar Galactica*, which was spectacular. ","neutral"
"Hot damn.","neutral"
"Smh at least you know if you ever do anything with her to always get it in writing and notarized!!!","neutral"
"Congratulations on your shiny spine! I really hope your boyfriend backs you up but even if not, we all do! ","gratitude"
"At least she tried to be prepared for this.","optimism"
"But what is with that shirt?","curiosity"
"Meh, I'm actually pissed at some of the people I usually defend for getting excited about this too.... we did lose our data.","disappointment"
"I also always wear a condom with straight guys. Who knows where they’ve been...","approval"
"He uses it in every other post. It's not even ironic.","disapproval"
"Thought I saw a shot glass in there the first time I watched this.","neutral"
"Tbh may have more luck on r/funny","amusement"
"I hope the Rams take it all cause of that. Would love to see [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] win the super bowl again!","optimism"
"gotchu lol, in that case sorry you got downvoted to hell for this lol","amusement"
"Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].","excitement"
"can't wait to catch me one of them suckers","curiosity"
"Not suggesting that you wait, but she may later come back after she's gotten that part in her life out.","confusion"
"exactly my condition, mate ","neutral"
"[NAME] getting off beat the dribble is hurting me a little inside /: Edit:words","neutral"
"I bet you're not the only one. That space is kinda safe... go be slightly challenging. ;)","approval"
"This! The [NAME] need to be kicked out!","approval"
"Drag em to one","anger"
"11% chance that the nominee is someone that hasn't declared yet, or is someone that has but is being ignored.","optimism"
"Those are different, you don't tie that shit to the weakest part, they just stay on there by magic","caring"
"Maybe [NAME] anti could help. Make sure you kill him before the duration ends. Also, [NAME] works. ","neutral"
"Good. I'm glad that you are getting help.","admiration"
"I’m laughing so I don’t cry","joy"
"Funny you say that... krav maga is quite popular in Evanston.","amusement"
"WHEN I DO BEGIN TO PEAK, ALL OF [NAME] WILL KNOW!","embarrassment"
"The air can kill you at this temperature.","neutral"
"How to instantly look 20 years younger!","excitement"
"[NAME] is retiring but I still agree with your point","approval"
"Regulars on this sub are generally a bunch of brainwashed dummies [NAME] cabinet probably exhibits more independence of thought","neutral"
"Yeah, you’re a racist, and they were right to ask you to leave. ","neutral"
"Lol if he wouldnt have 3 straight bad games it still would not be even close to LOCK","neutral"
"Philosophy and Psychology","neutral"
"Nice, I saw them during the Demo and was pretty impressed ","admiration"
"Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair","relief"
"Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but... ","disapproval"
"The game will come out for the switch this year. Was wondering how they would manage the combat system. Now I know.","curiosity"
">call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique","neutral"
"Just hold on a second...Curley: "Oh, ok, no problem"","approval"
"it's ironic you are identifying with the nazi character lol","amusement"
"Obviously excluding shotguns..","approval"
"You’re an angry elf","amusement"
"Why not, I mean [NAME] is a child who likes to play with puppets. ","joy"
"# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love","love"
"Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure","disapproval"
"They said that about Standard Oil as well. No company is too big to fail provided the state is stirred enough to take serious action.","neutral"
"It was skeletor!!! Beast man was dunk","neutral"
"Thank you. Apparently simply stating "it's from a comic called "supply side Jesus" wasn't pedantic enough for that guy.","gratitude"
"YPG has carried out numerous attacks. Yet you seem to judge them on the few messed up things they have done.","neutral"
"Immigrants are superior -workers (leo) -taxpayers (leo) -culturally (the abbey)","neutral"
"Heppy birthday OP! hope you get your favorite cake/dessert! 🎁 🎂","neutral"
"WHY IS PULJUJARVI ON THE 4TH LINE?!?!?!?!?!","confusion"
"This. This is too realistic man. Too late for this too.","neutral"
"Lol love it.","amusement"
"You got it, thanks!","approval"
"Shivering Isles is what DLC should be. Fantastic expansions of content that dont cost quite as much as expansion packs did.","neutral"
"Meditate. You may need to seek medical help. Good luck, friend.","neutral"
"I appreciate your post, I’m just nervous is all, thank you","gratitude"
"Looks pretty dope.","admiration"
"I didnt say otherwise, I just think that it shouldn't happen at all. It just shows how outdated and incompetent the league is.","disapproval"
"Got the same pops! [NAME] a lot :) too bad I can barely play him, wish there was a Hwoarang pop","admiration"
"I wish they had what they advertised. The end of that era was sometime in my teens.","optimism"
"I refuse to watch this. Lifetime exploiting [NAME] gross behavior to sell 'entertainment'.","disapproval"
"If your team has no healer I really hope u get the heal talent","optimism"
"Left or center is more aesthetically pleasing than right justified.","neutral"
"Doing homework and paying attention in class? Sounds like ADHD.","curiosity"
"what about the balls!?","curiosity"
"All that shows is them loaning money when Liverpool make losses, which seems to have happened more than any of us realised. We don't make a loss","realization"
"Wouldn't it just be enough to be really interesting is to go through the arguments. However, I would guess this is the most symmetric of these.","curiosity"
"I know, all the comments have me cracking up.","approval"
"9 days to beat it before the DMC 5 demo releases and consumes my life.","confusion"
"So like an anarchist rally in favor of US interventionism? edit : misspelled "rally" ","neutral"
"Just curious, why would that matter? Acting is playing a role, so how is it important that the character and the actor match orientations? ","annoyance"
"No I don’t want it to be unhappy or unhealthy AT ALL, just more like a normal/fussy baby.","desire"
"Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it. ","curiosity"
"I heard he was a vegan so it didn’t matter that he died","neutral"
"The third picture is creepy.","annoyance"
"my parents got engaged in the courtyard of [NAME] back in the 70s","joy"
"As a PPD mommy myself, you're my [NAME]! Thanks for this... Thank you for reminding me how amazing us mommies truly are!!","excitement"
"On PS4 it's very toxic. I would imagine it is the same over on Xbox One aswell","neutral"
"Come on, at least give me one other comment not from this thread. Show me that you are at least interested in providing an argument. ","curiosity"
"The "people's assembly" is the latest ruse by neoliberals since they realised they have little chance of winning if another referendum was called.","neutral"
"[NAME] can get the web action, ja feel?","curiosity"
"The dumb people will think that this proves why we need more government. 🙄","neutral"
"In my mind. I forgot everything :(","sadness"
"HEY EVERYBODY ITS TAGGED AS A SHITPOST STOP CARING THIS MUCH. OBVIOUSLY WE’RE NOT GETTING AD.","neutral"
"Almost feel bad for him, but then I realized he did this to himself. ","realization"
"True true. I concede.","neutral"
"Im glad [NAME] was there for us","gratitude"
"You're a good man, [NAME]","admiration"
"I have faith that you do it *correctly*","approval"
"I just use undercrackers or crackers. Knickers/panties sounds weird when I say it","neutral"
"Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad","sadness"
"I don’t know anybody of 22 who gets 10 hours of sleep every night","confusion"
"Ok you're right, I amend my statement to give one to anyone who wants one and can meet certain qualifications. Just like getting a business permit.","approval"
"You said it baby, can't wait to see what marvelous wonders the rest of 2019 will bring!","excitement"
"I'm not sure about bigger, but according to Google search algorithm, definitely as relevant.","approval"
"A fly is a very tiny thing. But put it in someone’s soup a lot of attention.","disgust"
"Miner rewards are being reduced from 3 to 2 ETH per block. Why would that indicate a sell off?","curiosity"
"I used to. It was a common pattern that my thoughts would spiral out of control but somehow I grew out of it eventually.","neutral"
"It’s always about sentience. We already generally restrict abortions about the time fetuses are believed to start feeling pain.","caring"
"That is SO cool","admiration"
"That's a pretty bad example ngl lol","disapproval"
"Right on [NAME] having a big year, but [NAME] was super disappointing this year.","disappointment"
"And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.","realization"
"He has no side of the story or we would have heard it already.","realization"
"Happy cake day 🎂🎂🎉","neutral"
"A little girl recently died because her parents refused to get her medical treatment and insisted [NAME] would heal her.","neutral"
"Interesting. Are there any studies that show that it’s not natural for humans?","curiosity"
"Also a throwback to when [NAME] bathed.","realization"
"BALL DONT LIE","anger"
"I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.","disapproval"
"Say what? He has been playing for epsilon till now. Never seen some real accusations on him cheating. I think you should read some more.","disapproval"
"Why not? Just go for it. It'll make a great story to tell at your 50th wedding anniversary party.","admiration"
"I felt my heart drop. [NAME].","disappointment"
"Stay strong.","neutral"
"[NAME] lmaooo this made me laugh, thank you 😂","amusement"
"> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.","caring"
"[NAME] eyebrows! Her highlight!","admiration"
"I think [NAME] is starting to get too much blame, everybody on the roster sucks with the exception of [NAME] ","neutral"
"If you wanna know how rappers rape ask [NAME]","curiosity"
"Good tips!","admiration"
"Idk why but I feel like this should be nsfw","annoyance"
"Go watch the video where she does [NAME] makeup, [NAME] is super tall, especially compared to [NAME]. ","excitement"
"10 mg Trintellix and 1.5 mg Vraylar","neutral"
"$20 too much","disapproval"
"Irrational anger especially certain family members","anger"
"> not once complained on how bad their situation was Because she was barely involved.","anger"
"Can confirm. I've been trying to get out of bed for an hour and 15 minutes","approval"
"Bet you $20 she had more in her than 0.05 hell, more than 0.08 hmm...","neutral"
"Thank you kindly.... I appreciate the support. Could you elaborate on the tip please? Thank you","gratitude"
"back to reality","neutral"
"Definitely, my favorite Trager moment.","love"
"Ugh [NAME]. She reps a lot of people from the Bachelor","disgust"
"It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.","relief"
"That's... pretty unexpected actually.","realization"
"Damn, this hits close to home. Reddit is literally the only place where i can talk about personal stuff without being judged","annoyance"
"Don’t get me wrong. I laugh so I don’t cry :’)","neutral"
"Imagine being upset over who someone loves.","neutral"
"This is so true yet they usually dont listen.","realization"
"Realizing that thirty isn't old at all.","realization"
"The emojis in the background. Wtf lmao","neutral"
"Damn.. fell for that one","annoyance"
"it’s amazing how he is already just about my favourite skater ever.","admiration"
"Seriously! I'm on Xbox and all my crew and we have never had an issue!","annoyance"
"The self righteous feel no shame","annoyance"
"Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.","disapproval"
"Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]","approval"
"Two problems: It's not a newsworthy story. You'd get sued for defamation.","disapproval"
"You summed it up perfectly. I can’t even say anything else because I have nothing else better to say.","approval"
"Can someone explain to me what's stopping [NAME] from pardoning everything [NAME] even gazes at?","annoyance"
"The guys rappelling on the wall... Wow.","excitement"
"Rainbow Road is edgy enough you usually fall off","neutral"
"That better the case. It'll take the sting away a bit.","approval"
"I'd be a lot more excited to see [NAME] flash the leather at 3b.","excitement"
"Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if it’s true...","neutral"
"LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot","excitement"
"OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!","neutral"
"Oooh, edgy!","neutral"
"My partner told them subtly no thank you. They won't let go.","gratitude"
"Violating the law has never been a prerequisite for being charged with violating the law.","neutral"
"Where is this video on Doesn't seem to be on any of the pages I loaded.","curiosity"
"Direct democracy is a terrible idea. People are morons who's opinions are easily manipulated.","neutral"
"I feel like that might be every 2 years instead of every year","confusion"
"If you are a [NAME] and he is a real person, then changing his ethnicity should be an issue, right?","neutral"
"Yeah, I actually like the combination of the two styles of names thought. Love the LAFC and the LA Galaxy...lol","amusement"
"Doing something you don’t like can be hard for anyone but if you just keep your end results in mind you can do anything!","approval"
"I've bet you've never even met an immigrant.","neutral"
"always the people I hate and never my crush","anger"
"Hi !! I totally get you. If you want to be friends I’m here !! :)","caring"
"Fuuuck, brutal","anger"
"This is like someone saw that scene in There’s Something About Mary where they wanted more foods to be cone-shaped and really kept it with them.","neutral"
"“That ad is an over-generalization!” “Most men feel this way and agree with me!” Hm. 🤔","approval"
"will do, thanks","gratitude"
"Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]","approval"
"Gods don’t die","neutral"
"No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time. ","love"
"You fool! Now look what you've unleashed!","anger"
"Thanks for adding water to an old nightmare","gratitude"
"Or just, y'know, just don't eat meat.","caring"
"I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)","love"
"Refreshmentos! What's that? It's new!","neutral"
"Collab on the way?","neutral"
"I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!","love"
"Good things take time.","relief"
"personally ive noticed some of our sars are coming out darker than normal so idk loo extra strong i guess","disapproval"
"So much blasphemy... This place is not even [RELIGION]. You literally deny scripture to fit a Reddit agenda.","disapproval"
"I love that quote, thank you ","gratitude"
"Want pizza time? Get religion","curiosity"
"You make soap? That's awesome.","admiration"
"[NAME] hasn't proved he still has it. Remember Celtic legend [NAME]?","neutral"
"How have you not seen this movie yet?","neutral"
"Ah brilliant, thanks for sharing that. It does indeed look promising. Shame no mention of Lethals possibly but oh well =]","admiration"
"Luckily they were on the phone texting, which saved them from panicking/noticing.","realization"
"Love the beauty of nature.","love"
"Wrong, it's not 365 days a year. Once every four years, it's 366 days a year.","neutral"
"Not with me, no. I’m a true social butterfly ","disapproval"
"Baby you was right","approval"
"[NAME] was horrid for us","disapproval"
"Hope you get “at are it again”","optimism"
"This is actually kinda cool, I like it!! ","approval"
"Sorry but this looks like from a Tumblr fetish fanfiction site. I don't think it belongs here.","optimism"
"Have you watched the last couple of games? He has run the offense as much as [NAME] has.","confusion"
"[NAME] nerds thinking they are cool by assigning some bullshit fantasy words to error messages...theater mode is probably just acting up","neutral"
"I hope someone got fired for that blunder.","desire"
"This post is not going to age well.","disappointment"
"> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY","annoyance"
"Apparently young children have to figure out breathing through their mouth. I forget at what age that typically occurs, but yeah...","confusion"
"As it should be. No way I'd want my kid crossing 5 lanes of traffic to get to the bus everyday.","disapproval"
"I have failed you [NAME]. I have failed you.","disgust"
"I was explaining how baptism does not affect a person in the same way the Immaculate Conception did.","surprise"
"If that’s not a joke it is a startling failure to notice one of the most interesting character arcs in the story","neutral"
"You okay there, bot?","caring"
"LOL watch this with the Raptors' commentary:","amusement"
"I get all the deja smells and it's terrible.","disgust"
"Not weird at all. I was a virgin until I was 25.","neutral"
"Wow, y'all are heroes! ","excitement"
""Best prank ever" :) One of my favorite moments.","admiration"
"This was good. I’m not the OP, but thanks for posting.","admiration"
"Additional space race","approval"
"Love the seems to be afk cause hell never respond but his non stop stupid af music forever plays guys","annoyance"
"Thank you SO much! This is so genuine and so helpful. Thank you so much for your time and your thoughts.","gratitude"
"Nobody panics when a remake goes according to plan, even if the remake is horrifying!","optimism"
"If you don't mind cutting your life opportunities by 3/4 go for it.","caring"
"I feel digestive regret just looking at them.","annoyance"
"How random. I did that just riding around town for no reason and saw that lighting.","neutral"
"The fuck?! You're in the wrong subreddit with this regressive bullshit victim blaming.","anger"
"I’m offended that your offended","disgust"
"Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish. ","disapproval"
"Close to the meat.","neutral"
"[NAME] I wish that were me.","desire"
"i curse you","disgust"
"Regardless, fight 'em every inch of the way like it's the last hill to die on. Complacency is complicity. ","disapproval"
"So? Sometimes it feels good to be petty, especially when it comes to an ex","realization"
"Care to elaborate?","neutral"
"Side deflects are stupid hard to pull off imo also because you might be used to 500ms lights or slower heavies for deflects his 600ms lights might throw you off","neutral"
"Then don’t read it. You don’t have to make a salty comment.","disapproval"
"I couldn’t ever get into Morrowind, unfortunately. Oblivion spoiled me with its quality-of-life improvements over the predecessor. ","neutral"
"Any link to a nonpaywalled version?","neutral"
"It's like a car wreck. You can't look away.","disapproval"
"Yeah and I love my dog and I'd miss my dad.","disappointment"
"When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning","annoyance"
"Don’t be so negative. Living like a medieval peasant is easy in today’s world.","neutral"
"I tripped off 540mg of Robocough and my oil pen last night. It was absolutely wild like damn","optimism"
"I’m glad he’s gone from Detroit, but good on him for being a professional on ESPN. ","admiration"
"Well he's right. The evil is a choice, it's not inherent.","approval"
"At least I can rest easy, knowing [NAME] isn't real ","neutral"
"Nailed it all I do is giving words but all you get his 'your own mind reflecting' Get me ?","admiration"
"And are millennials supposed to be attracted to these? If anything I'd be more offended than encouraged to join.","confusion"
"Very interesting to find out about small details like this. Are there any similar problems with any of the other armor sets?","curiosity"
"And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.","disapproval"
"If you want BCH to be successful on its on merits you have to vacate this subreddit.","neutral"
"[NAME] advisors did the same.","neutral"
"Thanks [NAME] for holding on to our $17.5M. We will be needing that back though.","gratitude"
"Alcohol makes ur body go limp so u don’t get hurt.","caring"
"The guest judges these last two episodes are so gorgeousss like really","admiration"
"At no point in the game has that been true","disapproval"
"To be fair [NAME] and Unite were both cleared of wrongdoing.","caring"
"Same.. I wonder why we catastrophize over these minor things so much and others seem to be able to forget them..","disapproval"
"If your friend jumps off a cliff, will you let him die by himself, awkwardly? No, you take that jump.","neutral"
"Good [NAME].","admiration"
"They'd never give her a crown but it would be so good to see her back on my screen.","desire"
"Poor [NAME] she just broke her back","sadness"
"i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind","anger"
"If they wanted to help, they'd do the smallest bit of research and see that it's a horrible thing to say.","neutral"
"Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost","neutral"
">Also, you realize that both parties largely dabble in identity politics. Oh absolutely! It's a major reason I hate [NAME]. ","annoyance"
"I can safely say as a "frozen pizza connoisseur" across various ovens, I've never had an unevenly cooked pizza from it being on a pan.","neutral"
"Didn't know they sell pro bowl jerseys.","surprise"
"I audibly gasped","approval"
"Two are close friends of mine one of which has not been higher since October to December 2016.","neutral"
"Wear a hoody?","neutral"
"Please respect our sub's rule against belittling [RELIGION].","pride"
"You seem worried, [NAME].","caring"
"I used this one just last night. Worked like a charm","admiration"
"Hmm, I didn't notice that change ... will pay attention ..","realization"
"Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.","joy"
"Thank you for reconsidering. It is very important to open discussion. Does this help you see how the dems and gop ARE actually different?","gratitude"
"That is so sick. That kid will feel sooo awesome later in life. What doctor agreed to this though?","admiration"
"inject that shit into my veins","annoyance"
"That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.","disgust"
"I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!","love"
"I'm not but there's a difference between criticism and constant, unrelenting negativity.","approval"
"That was years ago.","realization"
"Poverty has taught me to be practically happy with being hungry, especially considering when you finally do eat you'll be in fucking heaven","realization"
"Then who is it? I've mixed results with all fighters, but I definitely lose to [NAME] the most.","approval"
"This ain’t his first plank war","neutral"
"I think it was roughing and unsportsmanlike conduct for the chirp or something stupid like that. I couldn't believe [NAME] got away with that","annoyance"
"This just oozes passive-agressiveness. I love it!","approval"
"Oh man, I remember loving that movie. Been a while ssince I've seen it but I remember being pretty enthralled.","joy"
"drafting doesn't guarantee position or quality...AND tanking destroys free agency and devalues all the Magic assets for transactions this summer","disapproval"
"No, you should definitely do drugs. Just stay at home when you do.","caring"
"He just posted an update. He seems to want to but isn’t sure if he/his wife can handle a 4yo.","neutral"
"Because lost media presents a question with no answer. Humans are curious creatures, so presenting them with knowledge that cannot possibly be learned is extremely frustrating.","annoyance"
"Producers knew if [NAME] makes it to the ball challenge she'd kill it so hard [NAME] would just crown her instantly","annoyance"
"He also owes [NAME]. a little payback.","neutral"
"Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.","optimism"
"I mean I guess your prostate is healthy right?","confusion"
"Normally this would get upvotes but there’s very odd voting patterns tonight.","neutral"
"Talk to your grandparents... you will be surprised on how much general knowledge they have to share.","pride"
"I mean it’s kind of weird that they miss that part we’re the Bible acknowledges other gods for selfish reasons","embarrassment"
"Leave it alone hopefully it won't pop overnight","desire"
"It's highly optimistic of [NAME] to imply that [NAME] has a plan. He must be a 'glass half full' person by nature.","optimism"
"Just to tax a bit of the smug out of them would be worth it in itself.","embarrassment"
"Thank you all for the karma I’ve gotten!","gratitude"
"Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.","neutral"
"I say I love you to friends of both sexes and there's never been any problem, tbh I'm bissexual tho, so it should be weird either way","approval"
"That's a scumbag move by the prof. That exam is not at all an indicator of competence or understanding.","neutral"
"BITCH HER PROMO EVEN DID SCREAMS LIKE A WINNER!!!!","annoyance"
"I mean, if the kid is 2, this guy could definitely be a gen [NAME] who grew up on smart phones","neutral"
"The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.","neutral"
"Great point, that was a silly assumption for me to make. Thank you for your perspective! Editing the post now. ","admiration"
"I’m not worried about the Hurricanes enough to justify rooting for the Rags.","disapproval"
"Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.","disapproval"
"while her other suitor looks like a decent guy, looks good, trying to be a good bf.","admiration"
"This happened to me too. Also how I found out my cpa is an exmo.","realization"
"Do whatever you want if/until you have kids. Just stay safe.","caring"
"You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.","neutral"
"ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.","disgust"
"Bide your time, keep your eyes open, and build the reputation and relationship needed. The opportunity will come.","desire"
"it’s starting to get weird","annoyance"
"The current way Boba works doesn't warrant his removal enough. [NAME] isn't technically broken, the way the target system works is.","neutral"
"we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed","annoyance"
"I sorta love it? Except the legs, but the faces are cool as hell. ","neutral"
"so you did listen but pretend not to know then. fine.","annoyance"
"That’s what we said about 2017 and 2018 after 2016 it only got worse and it’s not gonna get any better I guarantee","optimism"
"very psychiatric of you nul points from me but the whole of reddit will be proud!","admiration"
"I’m not sure even know sits a fucking painter’s tool. I hate everything about everyone in this video.","annoyance"
"Gotta hurry up before the chicken gets there first.","neutral"
"At what point do we consider arresting people who arm themselves in order to oppose legitimate, democratic decisions by force of arms? ","anger"
"There isn't really much to say to something like this, is there? Its unsettling.","disappointment"
"It really depends on what you're going for. Girls are attracted to different attractive archetypes.","neutral"
"I can't imagine getting it at 8! I got mine at 11 and freaked out because no one told me they existed lol.","amusement"
"Lions fan.... Thanks for the beer. It's the first thing I've ever won.","gratitude"
"You’re welcome","gratitude"
"Yes it’s like passing around the donation plate in church.","approval"
"Wtf is that","neutral"
"Aww, it’s retarded. ","anger"
"I am not regreting my life, there is so much interesting stuff on the internet","curiosity"
"Oh, it was THAT episode?","curiosity"
"Speaking of not having a brain, that seems pretty ironic coming from someone with your attitude.","annoyance"
"I answered, and then asked if you can think of any legitimate uses. Apparently you can't.","annoyance"
"After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.","anger"
"Ok. Good idea!","admiration"
"Love seeing the guys have fun.","joy"
"Thankfully I had supportive and patient friends, lol.","admiration"
"Never liked hip hop. Grew up around gangster life style, hated it. I also laugh at the "mythology" that grew up around it. ","disapproval"
"Yeah it doesn't impact much except when they break and cause billions of dollars in damages and irreparable consequences to the wildlife.","approval"
"Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)","joy"
"I do this while not high.","neutral"
"One of my coworkers made the wait list. Great guy, but yeah, it is a rich getting richer situation.","annoyance"
"I agree. But, if you were delivering shrimps-n-gritz betcha you'd be tempted. ","approval"
"[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] just yelling over each other and [NAME] looking around like what the...?","surprise"
"Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.","disappointment"
"Beating OSU some how lol","amusement"
"Analytics and instagram... are you joking?","confusion"
"Ya? I don't really remember him much besides his crappy penalty shot attempt. What stuck out about him to you?","curiosity"
"You're right, it's relatable. Hope everything's OK for you ","optimism"
"love em or hate em I think we can all agree that was blatant PI","confusion"
"Nah man [NAME] gets made fun of more than anyone lmao","neutral"
"They have to know how bad people hated it since youtube reset the dislikes on it, from what I understand, more than once.","neutral"
"Thank you man whoever you are, this has really helped me. Best of luck to you too","caring"
"He's tall. 6' 6"!!!!","neutral"
"we got good at breakaways!!","desire"
"Can you expand a bit? That would be interesting for us that are not in the know.","curiosity"
"Humans are weird creatures","approval"
"I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.","fear"
"[NAME] is cheaper too. If we would have kept [NAME] we would have had to extend him to over $4mil.","neutral"
"If this is serious mate it’s not the kind of shit you should be posting on reddit","neutral"
"Nope but here you go. Honestly really disturbing, don't say I didn't warn you.","disgust"
"I wanted to be a forensic scientist towards the end of primary school but high school science ruined it for me too.","disappointment"
"I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.","fear"
"[NAME] rolls out of the rack, combs his hair and Dood is ready for National Television.","approval"
"Magic city is a strip club in ATL if you didn't know.","neutral"
"Thanks for the info, give credit to the artist","gratitude"
"Wow that's a burden, I'm sorry.","realization"
"Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:","realization"
"If only. He’s signing with the red wings 100%.","approval"
"It's not exactly controversial that getting up early sucks balls, unless you're five and it's Christmas","approval"
"It sounds like he doesn't know exactly what he wants and he's taking it out on you.","realization"
"Finally, someone that understands you don't just get to keep information from your spouse about cheating to "protect them". That's crazy to me.","amusement"
"Get the app - has your combat record and recent match stats..don’t understand the problem.","confusion"
"Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod","neutral"
"Omg I know. She honestly looks so uncomfortable. There HAS to be someone better who could host?!","curiosity"
"Me too, [NAME]. Me too... ","approval"
"Guys. She can do paarrn! She has her gym moans down. She wld kill it!!!","neutral"
"so you did listen but pretend not to know then. fine.","confusion"
"Nothing like a little humiliation therapy to motivate the workers. /s","neutral"
">I Shouldn't have to explain this By all means, please do","neutral"
"*she. And I was was referring to the 2 goals in the final 6 seconds last year. Also vs Anaheim lol","amusement"
"Redpill is a modern name for an old sentiment. And anyways Matrix came out 20 years ago.","approval"
"I think its absolutely wonderful : )","admiration"
"Congrats dude!","gratitude"
"Surprise my what now?","curiosity"
"Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.","disappointment"
"he's clearly not equipped to argue, i can't decide if he's a dumbass teenager or a dumbass boomer. ","confusion"
"The cheerfulness of the “hail satan” text overlay was unexpected.","surprise"
"My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.","neutral"
"No, it sounds like you want to enslave random citizens to work for you because we can't manage to pick ones that aren't corrupt. ","neutral"
"well that’s because it’s fake.","neutral"
"Removed. Guilting the OP and pushing this course of action is not acceptable here. Be sensitive to the OP's current frame of mind and wishes.","optimism"
"I would try rubbing alcohol, high percentage. Looks greasy to me.","optimism"
"This looks like an obvious joke to me. Most of you are getting baited.","joy"
"Valid. I think we mentioned in the Discord that exact point the other day.","neutral"
"I love it. The only thing faker than their lies is them. I’m glad the girl was able to get her divorce.","love"
"Fucking Instagram normies","anger"
"beautiful story arc. glad you decided to end it in my semi hometown of excelsior - really neat lil town.","admiration"
"80k/month? Damn. I need to become a Union Square store","surprise"
"If anything [NAME] has shown he can do a lot with very little. The Bucs are just a fun team to watch","amusement"
"Thank you for sharing this with us","gratitude"
"It's a beautiful video of family and [NAME] finally accepting [NAME] as a brother is one of the highlights of the show","admiration"
"Try to listen to yourself. I should have done that more.","neutral"
"Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post","excitement"
"When did we get rid of uprights? He was amazing for us?","admiration"
"TAMAR ESPECIALLY!!!","neutral"
"I mean it would be borderline targeting in college football. It was a really egregious missed call.","fear"
"Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.","anger"
"Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good ","admiration"
"Well [NAME] just missed...so there’s that bit of good news","joy"
"Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.","neutral"
"Don’t eat snickers on shrooms the taste was so intense and salty I was convinced I’d thrown up","neutral"
"Thanks for recording a video message with AntiRivet like 3 years ago for me. Hope everything is going well.","optimism"
"I have always found them grating","admiration"
"Lying by omission","realization"
"He’s one of them! Get him!!!","neutral"
"Hhhhhh I really want those","curiosity"
"Grim. Thank you for the info though. I learned something today.","gratitude"
"[NAME] receive the maximum sentence and her jail mates know that she kidnapped a child.","neutral"
"Great news. Hopefully we can get a PLP that is more representative of the membership.","admiration"
"we stan supportive parents!","admiration"
"With that logic, women shouldn't be able to drive cars considering they are more prone to accidents/wrecks. Would you agree?","neutral"
"It's weird that actual socialists will say that politics has moved far to the right.","disapproval"
"Not sure about “better” but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.","admiration"
"OH MY GOOSE! You got my super obscure reference! I literally squealed out loud when I read this comment.","surprise"
"Yeah that does, actually. Most of this is news to me. Thanks for actually providing some articles","approval"
"The Birds is probably not quite what you are expecting.","disapproval"
"is your friend.","neutral"
"By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will "dunk" them in the first round","annoyance"
"Now let's see what games media will magically defend because he's against it.","curiosity"
"I can do the very first part, where he first jumps.","neutral"
"WOW!!!","excitement"
"Such a lust for friendship! *Whooooo*","neutral"
"As a person with autism and ADHD, at least I'm alive.","joy"
"i would agree with that. i still dont see a good reason not to provide daycare though.","approval"
"It’s so weird, I think it’s like excited/stressed? ","annoyance"
"He was cut yesterday, unfortunately","remorse"
"Oh sure. I bet [NAME] is sick. Sick of Skyward Sword.","disappointment"
"I grew up SDA as well. That probably explains my disdain for religion in general.","neutral"
"I needed to read this because I felt so bad for this guy... I just can't imagine a long walk home in winter.","disappointment"
"That is one adorable meow loaf","admiration"
"Which has me believing [NAME] will either be a package for a pitcher with CC’s recent health issue...or he will stay and switch positions.","neutral"
"It’s shocking isn’t it? I paid less for a flight from London to Manchester than it would have cost for the train.","surprise"
"Going for that most hated title with stupid posts from his "fans " ","annoyance"
"you can but it takes a bit of time. I've had panic attacks and anxiety attacks and they are not remotely fun","neutral"
"Mate she looks like a feckin quality street","relief"
"It’s hard to be negative in that situation.","annoyance"
"That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.","annoyance"
"Maybe [NAME].","confusion"
"Is there anything else you're interested in besides [NAME] & [NAME]?","neutral"
"[NAME] is the best","admiration"
"I appreciate it my guy! I try my best to really do research behind my opinions so I appreciate the call out.","gratitude"
"People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that","realization"
"WHAT THAT EXISTS AS AN LP???? I want it so badly ;___;","curiosity"
"No one does","disapproval"
"Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest ","sadness"
"So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.","anger"
"Ooh, [NAME] not happy.","sadness"
"Yeah. I'm gonna take a shower","neutral"
"Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.","excitement"
"[NAME] fan mad, very mad","neutral"
"I can scream HEH MOOMEN","sadness"
"Back in the days when you didn't have to spend almost $10 return for a simple train journey. Thanks, IPART. ","annoyance"
"Wow...is that true? I’d love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?","curiosity"
"mans got me excited","excitement"
"Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.","disapproval"
"Me, too, please.","joy"
"Signing [NAME] and [NAME] is not fucking around? Lol","amusement"
"I can't find year stats. Anyhow, I needed the Excel files or a list of numbers in a table.","desire"
"Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry","remorse"
"Each Dark Souls game has been voted "Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage".","neutral"
"Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called "war on drugs", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all. ","disapproval"
"I love all Radiohead since The Bends, but I think I prefer Kid A and In Rainbows to OK Computer.","neutral"
"Fam, I fucking love [NAME] play. Gotta be the most exciting dude in the league other than [NAME] when he’s hitting everything from 30ft+","excitement"
"Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying","fear"
"Now watch this place decend into the same voidless pits that r/soccer belongs to Bring on the half n half OF scarfs","neutral"
"It even has a name on it from the original creator you reposting scum.","neutral"
"I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.","annoyance"
"The actress died before season 1 aired so that’s literally impossible since [NAME] didn’t betray until season 2","neutral"
"it's just a gamer word bro way to disrespect gamer culture smh my head","neutral"
"I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible ","neutral"
"What was it?","curiosity"
"What could it cost? $10?","confusion"
"I like [NAME] but he was just non-existent tonight. At least [NAME] played defense.","gratitude"
"What. No.","annoyance"
"Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.","sadness"
"Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.","disapproval"
"The co-worker thing is generally for the best,the rest I agree.","approval"
"You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this","annoyance"
"I can't believe he told that story. I'm sure the minister that released the water is now so totally regretting not asking for a bj!","remorse"
"The Colts badly wanted to hire him. He’d get a GM job in a heartbeat if he wanted it.","neutral"
"He's on the z-axis wing","realization"
"Bdo is love","love"
"Or it could have just never happened because nobody ever wanted to see it.","remorse"
"Dude this is definitely an exit scam. I went thru the crypsty collapse this feels exactly the same. It shouldn't take 30hrs to get 1btc out.","neutral"
"Was just wondering about the mobile thing. I only use mobile and I've never noticed anything odd. It's not something people would care about anyhow.","approval"
"I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.","sadness"
"I don't do the things you mentioned above, I just draw shit ^all ^^sfw ^^^ofc But hey, thanks for that ;-)","gratitude"
"[NAME] and I don't agree with much, but I agree with him here.","approval"
"I stopped trying a long time ago. I actually feel much better (most days anyway)","approval"
"Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.","pride"
"Time to go back to rolling your own, folks.","neutral"
"Dive is boring to watch too after awhile... everything that's repetitive is boring to watch.","sadness"
"Watch the [NAME] fanbois raging on the thread.","neutral"
"that was such a misstep from their PR. wtf were they thinking people were expecting with a public countdown","disgust"
"Bam, it's suddenly fixed! Thanks that was great. This is all happening in Bizarro World.","admiration"
"I’m wondering about those friends of hers that encouraged her to contact you..","neutral"
"Manipulation of a persons enviorment while denying they are doing it in order to make the victim appear crazy.","neutral"
"Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]","neutral"
"I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year","admiration"
"It’s also extremely expensive and school options are limited. Just a thought, I’m all about advancing your career:)","desire"
"I keep being drawn to her privates because it looks so strange to me.","desire"
"Suctioning I'm almost certain. Now's the time for you to google.","neutral"
"Had to pause for a sec to properly cringe when [NAME] says why he got sent to the school. Whyyyyy would you *announce* that oh my [NAME]","curiosity"
"Honestly, I dont see it. Like, at all","gratitude"
"Thanks, I felt underappreciated until now!","gratitude"
"Jokes aside, welding is so fucking fun, and they get paid damnnnn well.","amusement"
"The same here. It's hard to be alone, but not as hard as the eggshells and abuse.","disappointment"
"for Inter fans because THEIR BEST PLAYER IS COMING TO CHELSEA THIS WINTER","neutral"
"Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.","admiration"
"Maybe I'm overly cautious, but when I was single I stayed away from people who worked with me. ","caring"
"No one drinks Old Style","disapproval"
"It’s treason then.","neutral"
"That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.","admiration"
"You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.","neutral"
"I really hope you're joking","amusement"
"[NAME] is actually a terrible player","disappointment"
"I'd be ok with this former Israeli IDF general.","approval"
">The fact that you're unable to move past female firefighters See? I *WAS RIGHT.* You tuned out.","disapproval"
"This person is being a killjoy but there is a difference between being a killjoy and acting smart.","annoyance"
"Yet another clown whining about discussions about bitcoin in a bitcoin sub.","neutral"
"I agreed with your first point and then stated a statistic. My bad, awkward wording on my part.😢","embarrassment"
"He's not THAT bad on YouTube, but on Twitter... Let's just say that he's problematic","approval"
"One good girl is worth twenty hoes - G - Easy","approval"
"for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.","sadness"
"I suppose all the other [NAME] dont count as competition","approval"
"I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.","desire"
"It would be good if the producers can find a carrot to dangle that can get these idiots to spill on each other.","approval"
"Yes, it's great! What I really love watching them play school on the playground.","admiration"
"You monster! Think of the children!","anger"
"Happy New Year","excitement"
"Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop being greedy!","embarrassment"
"so she's no one..?","curiosity"
"I'm fine, how about you?","curiosity"
"Handsome with dark touch!","admiration"
"y meme when the news memes for u?","neutral"
"As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.","amusement"
"You can tell it’s an Aspen tree because of the way it is.","neutral"
"Mmmm...just won it back too. But wasn't given the fief...","neutral"
"I'm not searching for anything, but even though I'd like them to be, I don't think anything I'm feeling is justifiable.","approval"
"what would be the point of that I already told you I was dumb my little vagina looking friend","curiosity"
"you get an upvote for that username! I wish I was a funhammer","optimism"
"I think its safe to assume that we're clearly referring to the article and topic at hand.","approval"
"Do you think each worker looks after only one child?","confusion"
"58 and I still live at home.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were amazingly cute when both were in their awkward phase where no one had the guts to step forward.","embarrassment"
"Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.","desire"
"That looks like you need to go to the hospital ASAP or you'll lose a limb and possibly more.","caring"
"Yeah dude it is like a fertile egg - attacked by millions of sperm and only 1 gets to fertilize it. The other ones just die","neutral"
"I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.","desire"
"I'm sorry but did anybody else read the first paragraph and get flashbacks to My Immortal? \x45\x62ony [NAME], is that you???","curiosity"
"Same. About as Libertarian as fucking [NAME].","neutral"
"If this team could make there wide open shots, we could win some games. Its unbelievable how many open shots we miss. ","disappointment"
"I love this game already","love"
"I think [NAME] does a great job! Can't believe she's 56...she looks amazing!","admiration"
"We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.","annoyance"
"ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.","annoyance"
"Fair enough good point","approval"
"Omg deans you forgot to put your nagito relevance stamp","realization"
"This was touching and certainly fits here on r/bestof. But can someone explain how it started? How did someone know he's depressed? I'm just confused..","confusion"
"From "woohoo!!" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds.","surprise"
"This is almost worse than Santa Con. Can we get millenials to destroy this please.","disapproval"
"what a crazy ride","admiration"
"That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.","embarrassment"
"**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!","admiration"
"Seriously what?","curiosity"
"I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)","anger"
"I mean my statement applied to more than just weed but sure...","approval"
"Sorry, didn’t realize I was talking to a fan of the prestigious UCLA Bruins football program.","gratitude"
"You obviously don't understand, this season was a bumper crop and *I* want to bank all that sunshine in *my own* pocket.","anger"
"Wow Donkey must be smaller than I remember","desire"
"Was about to say, if that guy is going to remember the amazing Kansas 2007 season, can't leave out our 06.","neutral"
"We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.","amusement"
"Please keep your head up, things get better, stay strong. :)","caring"
"Ah yes of course, how could I have been such a Horseshoe crab!","approval"
"Yes, yes he did","neutral"
"Dopey may is still relevant. Delors is not. So your comparison falls flat. Do try keep up.","annoyance"
"Sounds like you’re all very young and she’s just enjoying herself flirting with some friends.","neutral"
"guess nature has it all wrong then, for physical work what he said is undeniably the case.","approval"
"I didn’t know [NAME] was a boxer, he can take a punch though!","surprise"
"thanks for the thoughtful reply. but yeah I guess its mostly a pipe dream! I wish someone would post some detailed ideas and replies like this!","confusion"
"its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.","admiration"
"Buy YouTube Likes","neutral"
"Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither","joy"
"They'll just confiscate it here. I remember I had a pocket knife in my bag that I forgot about. They just took it away.","neutral"
"Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.","annoyance"
"You should educate yourself on HPV. You don't contract it from being careless.","neutral"
"[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.","love"
"That’s a different guy but I love [NAME]","neutral"
"There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.","approval"
"No one takes you seriously in life. In your fantasies, that should also be the case.","disappointment"
"Can you guys take the last half? We'll take the 6-2 start, SC gets the 1-7 finish?","curiosity"
"That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.","admiration"
"where else would one buy the ingredients from? Like are their dozens of ice cream suppliers?","neutral"
"Wow. Did u say yes?","surprise"
"Are you implying this is not CGI?","anger"
"Just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in...","surprise"
"[NAME] the people must be warned.","disgust"
"Where did you get this? It's terrible.","annoyance"
"Life is precious? Then how come you shot [NAME], huh?","annoyance"
"Damn! Kids these days don’t give me much hope for the future. It’s supposed to be a flaming dr pepper 🤦🏻‍♀️","annoyance"
"The amount of hate that [RELIGION] people get in the world is absolutely staggering.","neutral"
"I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.","surprise"
"Bad angle, but ya got good features and clear skin, pretty gud","approval"
"This sounds hard, but not too bad! I'll try some of this. Thanks!","gratitude"
"The games are that expensive, because corporations have figured out that people will pay that price point. Now bugger off.","realization"
"Aye...same","neutral"
"Yes its far from remaining, its even more heavily in favour of the EU than that","neutral"
"Maybe but kids and social media and cellphones in classroom, and a pervasive culture that glorifies sports over education are ruining our education system. ","disappointment"
"Anybody think maybe we’re the mystery team in on [NAME]? At this point I wouldn’t be surprised.","curiosity"
"Here’s to taking care of ourselves and reaching out to each other and getting the support we need!","caring"
"Unemployed now re: those crummy health issues. So that probably helped.","disappointment"
"8 His morality is depraved. 9 His brutality is indulgent. 10 His religion is repudiated. 11 His existence is nullified. 12 His believers are mistaken.","anger"
"The comment was so terrible. I can’t believe it made the final cut.","sadness"
"Don't know how that was missed. Tragic really. Considering the title.","sadness"
"And [NAME] just got laughed off the stage. How things would be different if he had won. Seriously timelines would be so different.","joy"
"Idk some dudes think a girl needs an ass full of cellulite to be considered thick.","neutral"
"no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!","optimism"
"What evidence are you basing this on? What evidence would you accept as convincing you're wrong?","confusion"
"Again, thanks!","gratitude"
"No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem","disapproval"
"The beauty of that is you won't need alcohol or drugs, you'll get a cute buzz going from the measles fever.","annoyance"
"I kinda like that AC1 is still untouched. At least for now.","neutral"
"BHARLIE HEAT VERSION","neutral"
"CIA?... Yes, this one right here.","neutral"
"Don’t indulge OP’s master hacker fantasy","neutral"
"This has absolutely nothing to do with ABCDs.","neutral"
"As quick as possible? I wish. 2 hours and 9 minutes I will never get back","desire"
""Correlation is causation as long as it doesn't lump me in with them!"","neutral"
"Oy! NOW THAT'S REALLY PISSED IT OFF!!","anger"
"[NAME] likes this post","neutral"
"M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!","neutral"
"I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.","approval"
"It's a contract / vendor management position more than anything","neutral"
"I was really hoping it was the gasping pikachu when I clicked the link, I wasn’t disappointed.","optimism"
"Wait, wut? I thought there was some sort of (2) term pledge from","confusion"
"??? Technically the peso is always in devaluation, also it's not worst right now than before.","realization"
"Knicks might come out of this holding a MASSIVE L, especially if they dont land the supposed two max level contracts next year.","neutral"
"You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.","neutral"
"You can read online if you want. I don't recommend it, but you can.","disapproval"
"Got boarded, ejected, and ship damaged... very poor tactic.","neutral"
"The guy just loves drama","love"
"Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.","annoyance"
"There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...","disgust"
"Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!","admiration"
"I guess you win *shrugs*","optimism"
"Like a three dollar forty bag of fresh hiphop?","joy"
"> your character is so yuck Thank you, for confirming my suspicions of who/what you are.","gratitude"
"Oh look, someone who doesn't understand how living languages work.","neutral"
"Yes dumbest person on all of Reddit, please make a youtube channel for all of us to laugh at.","amusement"
"Tournament was a blast met some really cool people loved it all. Thanks for holding it. Would love to do it again someday","admiration"
"This does not sound like a good situation for a child at all imo.","disapproval"
"The nude dudes in the Playgirl mag! It was like Playboy magazine, but with naked men. No boners allowed, tho, so they were flaccid. ","neutral"
"[NAME] has made a career out of making strange films.","neutral"
"Cheezit apple pie?! Sign me up!","neutral"
"[NAME] has been a pleasant surprise","surprise"
"Oh hell no. Shes blind!!! No way in HELL is she ever being left alone with it.","surprise"
"That’s how you know they’re happy.","excitement"
"Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app","amusement"
"I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.","admiration"
"picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.","annoyance"
"as [NAME] wishes he didnt want to be buried so they had is ashes thrown in a lake in india as [NAME] wanted please respect his wishes","desire"
"Epic didn’t take the rights, Skybound chose to work with them. Blame Skybound not epic.","neutral"
"Which state? It's actually quite rare.","neutral"
"I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.","love"
"My uncle was hit by some kids doing the bird box challenge a few weeks back. It’s ridiculous.","annoyance"
"My, my, what an active imagination you have! Have you considered a career writing Hollywood movie scripts! I think you have talent for that.","neutral"
"I know you're trying to play devil's advocate but [NAME] doesn't hit close to as well as [NAME]","neutral"
"omg that was full on Tequila [NAME]!!!","gratitude"
"[NAME] deserves appreciation","caring"
"I was already having doubts with how Olicity-heavy it suddenly became","confusion"
"I'd be worried about the tone, not the content.","fear"
"Did feel that one but I find it hard to tell sometimes","disappointment"
"No, not at all.","neutral"
"r/browns and browns Twitter are ready to boil over. Let's get this thing over with","neutral"
"Sorry to hear about that and hope you have moved on.","optimism"
"Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health. ","caring"
"DAYUM!!!!! This post is lit AF. Got some verbal geniuses on this one.","anger"
"Best pen in baseball, even though I'd still take [NAME] over [NAME].","admiration"
"Like [NAME] [NAME] yes but [NAME] [NAME] is super nasty. Whoever wrote the dialogue for classified needs to be fired cause it’s makes me wince","disapproval"
"Oh [NAME] why does he have to drag green day into this","annoyance"
"My jaw dropped","neutral"
"Is this supposed to be an ice cream sundae or mashed potatoes with gravy?","neutral"
"Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?","gratitude"
"Poetic and also true.","admiration"
"yeah because 10 days ago [NAME] was still playing dumbass","neutral"
"Pretty sure he stayed because he was told he's got the NE job once [NAME] is gone.","realization"
"If he was stuttering the words "I sell to others and we need to do your time on.","neutral"
"Even after achieving 100% in this game, his performance still amazes me.","surprise"
"Oh definitely. When you work for the gov't you root for the party looking to expand it. Maybe that's how you'll get a raise right?","approval"
"I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.","caring"
"The day I get the phone call: "your Nmom/Ndad/Nbrother have passed away." "Fuuuuuuuuuuucking ***FINALLY***"","anger"
"One of the most posted things on reddit. Please delete","neutral"
"seriously... if he was going to play in LA he wouldn't do it with a 2 hour commute lol. he would just buy a mansion in LA","amusement"
"I just want instant run off voting, which wasn't one of the three options.","desire"
"Please don't. I like the gym too be quiet","admiration"
"People aren't currently talking about taking in more refugees so you won't hear word one about helping homeless vets.","neutral"
"[NAME] enslaved the [NAME] and MLMs enslave...well...everybody.","annoyance"
"As [NAME] once said, "what do you mean?"","neutral"
"all I did was snitch on him","sadness"
"[NAME]: B [NAME]: B The real reason to vote these 2 to these tiers is because having [NAME] be the only A tier performer is a goodmeme.","admiration"
"Now she just needs to put start stealing hams and then if they ask she can show her stump and she will get away with it","neutral"
"Ok that makes sense. Im familiar with the term.dog whistling, just havent seen ot attached to globalists.","approval"
"Anything >0 is way too common.","approval"
"Two posts to tell me how incredibly non-triggered you are.","approval"
"Laid there until he was done.. don't you feel abused?","disappointment"
"[NAME]: you lied to me.... I thought we were soul mates _blows up the building_ Or something along those lines","neutral"
"I'm out of my past issues in many ways; thank you for the concern. What is one without their vices","gratitude"
"Been a while since I watched but you gotta go through the mirror and put the bear under the bed. Then you can go with her.","neutral"
"I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one","neutral"
"Upvote for you, and shared the cleverness with my wife!","approval"
"I'd still think he is scum. And needs to be imprisoned.","caring"
"Been a while since I watched but you gotta go through the mirror and put the bear under the bed. Then you can go with her.","neutral"
"I'll take the downvotes and agree with you. Some of the ugliest looking things I've ever seen. Absolutely disgusting aesthetic.","disgust"
"This might be the most NYC fit I've ever seen.","admiration"
"If I wanted to send a message about how much I hate my life and get literally no response then I could just text my mother.","neutral"
"Oh my god. You *actually* asked reddit first? Fucking hell.","neutral"
"Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago","love"
"WE'RE ON OUR WAY WE'RE ON OUR WAY TO BAKU, WE'RE ON OUR WAY!","neutral"
"Oh, because his sideburns were shaped like stars!","excitement"
"*6 objectively [NAME] and [NAME] are terrible at their jobs.","annoyance"
"I see two possibilities in the middle: Playing advocate, or playing devil.","approval"
"She better not die","approval"
"Diesel with a 60gal tank","neutral"
"I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao","approval"
"I cackled at [NAME] face down in the corner.","amusement"
">I’ve been forward in the past and it didn’t work at all lol. You're doing it wrong.","amusement"
"Not CPT, I'm assuming? ","curiosity"
"This has to be the 7th time this was posted","disappointment"
"I don’t believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.","neutral"
"To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is","joy"
"No problem. It will seem impossible at first but just keep your cool! Best of luck","optimism"
"...says a fellow redditor.","neutral"
"I'd be ok with [NAME] if it guaranteed we were firing [NAME]","neutral"
"No, but she's lived in Chicago longer than I. ","disapproval"
"That's gonna be a no from me dawg","disapproval"
"Nobody would be ecstatic to be on welfare.","neutral"
"damn you were close","realization"
"This is the first time in the last two years I've seen somebody compare current politics to a series other than Harry Potter","neutral"
"You’ll struggle to get premier league tickets (without paying a hefty premium) so concentrate on the lower leagues.","caring"
"Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Made me so angry to read that, I almost downvoted your comment. Upvoted, for sure. Grr! ","anger"
"Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:","admiration"
"I guess when you marry as a virgin, you don't know what you're missing out on.","neutral"
"My stylist is a fit, handsome guy with big, sexy hands. Can't say I don't like it when he tousles my hair.","disapproval"
"Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful","caring"
"That when you work for someone to live, friend. and congrats, it sounds like you are discovering reality with your second paragraph. ","realization"
"Sadly you are correct.","sadness"
"It could be worse. We could get [NAME] or that Philly traitor [NAME] back.","disappointment"
"Don't you know? We have to just shut up and put our heads down until they decide!","anger"
"Getting back [NAME] would be nice. He's kind of like [NAME]","neutral"
"Only because you aren't as educated within the realms of the game but does that matter? No","disapproval"
"Now [NAME] breaking stories for us!?!","excitement"
"we legally can't do that now mr. [NAME]","disapproval"
"Isn't she like a worse version of [NAME]? I always hear from everyone that she is pretty trash.","anger"
"That sounds a little paranoid","fear"
"I'm loving his new mask. Looking like a snack over there 😍🤤","admiration"
"Oh, also forgot to add, LOTION! ALWAYS lotion afterwards. It only makes your skin smoother! ","realization"
"Oh no you didn’t just quote tlc...👍🏼","disapproval"
"I guess but we love each other.","love"
"Not an unattractive man, he’s gonna need real plastic surgery to fix that. ","disappointment"
"Just curious, people keep saying fire [NAME]. And then what?","curiosity"
"Removed due to being wtf question.","realization"
"I read on a different post that he died shortly after of internal injuries.","neutral"
"No idea, don't see the EU budging, probably some vague clauses that have no weight.","confusion"
"You did nothing wrong. I really encourage you to look into emotional abuse and manipulation, as it sounds like you're on the receiving end.","optimism"
"The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.","disappointment"
"Ok, fair enough. From your original post, it wasn't really clear that you looked at sources other than YouTube.","confusion"
"Hahahah holy shit, yes it does.","amusement"
"My dogs are obsessed with eating the cat poop from the litter box!! Really gross lol","amusement"
"This is a great troll. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is serious.","approval"
"Until he goes back to school on Tuesday and all his friends are SO RELIEVED that he’s back safely.","caring"
"I don't think that's how shadowy military organizations work [NAME].","neutral"
"Happy cake, why you have to miss it though? ","excitement"
"you are a good man","approval"
"Horray for Persona","approval"
"You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.","sadness"
"The gov puts the DUP and monkeys in the same figures so it's hard to guess","neutral"
"Needs more travel photos","neutral"
"Exactly my goals as well. Let's make it a great year.","joy"
"I want to wipe her entire face off the face of earth","neutral"
"Oh, goodness!","admiration"
"Thanks for sharing! I can so see me taking the scraps when he inevitably is having a good day and reaches out. I will resist!","disapproval"
"The only advice I'll give is to not come back here when you find out that she's cheating on you.","approval"
"[NAME] was absolutely awful in 15.","neutral"
"He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.","admiration"
"Looks extra creepy in light of the recent revelations about his campaign.","disgust"
"They gonna be some big books, don’t you worry. ","caring"
"I liked it...","admiration"
"Peace be with you","neutral"
"And people say they'll gladly pay their taxes. As if it's voluntary.","neutral"
"This just proves you put the bone there, I'd actually be impressed if you showed him putting the bone there","neutral"
"Gorguis jumper looks so clean when he has a minute to line it up","optimism"
"Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.","love"
"Wise words :) she is quite remarkable in so many ways. I guess that I will just see or won't see :D","admiration"
"The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.","fear"
"We have had luck with a ok to wake clock for quiet time! May be worth a shot.","annoyance"
"The worst thing about this is, there is a good joke hiding deep down somewhere. Someone just used a jackhammer to retrieve it","disgust"
"I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys","desire"
"He's really likeable but has some flaws. I hope I'm wrong but i don't see him being a phenom like [NAME]","optimism"
"Between this and the headline it makes me wonder how he fits his ego through most doorways.","surprise"
"I mean, you can't be any more in the friends zone if you have a matching neck tattoo with the chick.","neutral"
"Is this about [NAME]?","curiosity"
"100%. This is made up. If her claim was true, she'd have it on video. ","neutral"
"So kind of like the Yellow Vests.","neutral"
"No. Hell no. It's "anxiety". When needed for medical notes and such my doctor will also write anxiety. ","sadness"
"Obviously has played on her mind for that long... glad she apologised","realization"
"Petition to smite BuzzFeed and Vice off the face of the internet for the bs they post Thank you","gratitude"
"Well this beats the whole "[NAME] tried to convince the front office to take [NAME] at 1" narrative","neutral"
"My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing "fiire"","admiration"
"[NAME] has 2 fouls and they don't force [NAME] on him in paint?","confusion"
"When we actually executed [NAME] system we were killing it","approval"
"I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? ","disgust"
"I was joking about a broader trend I've noticed.","approval"
"Just the fact that people constantly use words like "incel" to demean people proves that society is getting worse than it already is.","anger"
"I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(","nervousness"
"This is awesome!","admiration"
"I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read","embarrassment"
"Oh thank you! I hadn’t even realized :D","gratitude"
"Why not both? It would reduce crime. Significantly","curiosity"
"Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.","neutral"
"[NAME] instead of [NAME] for me, but glad to see [NAME] is doing well.","joy"
"Imagine thinking a bigot isn't ignorant","curiosity"
"I didnt have a single black teacher in my 15 years of schooling. The area defenintly plays a part in that but it's still a bit shocking.","surprise"
"Same. It's my favorite show to watch in the morning. The whole crew is so likeable.","love"
"[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].","optimism"
"did you just use a gendered term I don't know. It just looks cute to me.","admiration"
"Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.","approval"
"Glad you had fun! Your gf sounds like a keeper!","caring"
"I thought I was the only knicks/browns fan on this sub! That's cool. But yeah I love hearing him and clyde do broadcasts","neutral"
"This made me chuckle, thank you.","gratitude"
"I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.","disappointment"
"Oh my [NAME].","surprise"
"Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad","neutral"
"The lack of stick skills [NAME] lacks is actually astounding.","neutral"
"Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.","love"
"I initially liked [NAME], but he's really kinda dipped in my personal rankings. His shot kinda scares me if it doesn't translate ","disappointment"
"I'm paranoid that I might not have all of them. A download would be helpful!","gratitude"
"This is the first I’m hearing of this. Not on any of the local news, but on Reddit! MASSIVE media bias.","neutral"
"Thank you! Do you know what agency would be interested in this information?","gratitude"
"That’s just cruel and unusual. Hook him up for aggravated assault on a police officer.","embarrassment"
"begone tree hugger over there.","neutral"
"I will dude. Have a good one","joy"
"Amazing, I would also be deeply in love. So happy for you Hun. Enjoy every bit💕💕","admiration"
"That's awesome! Thanks for sharing the event!","amusement"
"Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha","amusement"
"Boy I hope someone got fired for that blunder. (honestly I thought of messing up this quote just to screw with you too)","desire"
"You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this","annoyance"
"Who the fuck is that?","confusion"
"Heaven know why she would WANT to spend more time with him *see self out for catty-ness*","disapproval"
"I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.","realization"
"were you bored or board?","confusion"
"850 damage dealt but no kill.","remorse"
"they seem confident and chill","neutral"
"Team Arrow getting stalked and sent threatening notes Also I'm :( for the [NAME] part.","disappointment"
""Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck" is the best I can formulate it.","approval"
"I stopped reading in the first paragraph where they try to make Vanderpump Rules and Desperate Housewives legit shows.","annoyance"
"[NAME] aren’t a race either. Are you trying to be ignorant?","disgust"
"This is actually a really good idea","approval"
">No most cops are good people who wants to inforce the law. Pick one.","annoyance"
"I love lists. And problem solvers. I need you in my life.","love"
"It’s good to be in good relations with other gms. The bulls basically did the rockets a favor. We got money and build rapport.","gratitude"
"I agree. But shooting him left me feeling bad too.","remorse"
"Is this from “Please Like Me”? I loved that show. The last season had me in tears though. Really hard to watch. 😢","curiosity"
"ME drunk [NAME] kiss ma girl like","neutral"
"Wait, what? [NAME] wasn't allowed a *bank account*?","neutral"
"Please tell me how it sounds racist.","curiosity"
"Busy? Focused on long-term goals?","curiosity"
"There's a ton of reasons in other threads.","neutral"
"She’s way too gangly to be thrashing around - I was waiting for her to take out a light fixture.","confusion"
"Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too","desire"
"This isn't normal. If he's this way now, can you imagine later on? Time to move on girl. ","caring"
"It said in the post that it had started a month ago","neutral"
"Lmao what a guy","admiration"
"Implying you didn’t cry over [NAME]","disappointment"
"Did you miss the other guys link? I noticed you didn't make a comment towards him, even though he posted it around the same time.","caring"
"Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration. ","disappointment"
"He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him. ","caring"
"[NAME] I hate Twitter","anger"
"Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.","annoyance"
"Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.","relief"
"Those types of retirement homes are for people that want to live in a social community. But you are right, find another community. ","approval"
"I have the same issue. Except I'm a dude. Talking about my face. One likes me scruffy, the other baby smoothe","disapproval"
"Can we just take a minute to appreciate the thigh. So delicious and so cheap.","admiration"
"OH MY GOD TIDYING UP WITH [NAME] IS ON NETFLIX RED ALERT IM GONNA GET SO ORGANIZED","optimism"
"Thank you soooo much 😍","gratitude"
"But [NAME]","neutral"
"Is this game any good? I like the idea of a card game based on neckbeard culture.","confusion"
"They were hurt to get that way. Hurt people hurt people","annoyance"
"Perfect dynamite moment. Rank up those buckles.","admiration"
"Ohhh, thank you for correcting me 😊","gratitude"
"Wow, I know he is the voice of [NAME], but I did not know he basically IS [NAME]","realization"
"Protecting the border is self-defense. It's not really a selfish thing to do.","realization"
"So he’s gonna swear at you in Klingon?","confusion"
"Honestly idk, search online consequences from bjs cause consequences for sex is already obvious","approval"
"No lol. It’s a personal preference.","joy"
"I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain. ","grief"
"Alright guys I got next on the repost","neutral"
". For all of you highlight truthers out there, the shove is clear as day.","optimism"
"iirc they were changing a few servers names, tht might have caused a few issues","neutral"
"I just hope the show brings [NAME] back because she was really great.","admiration"
"nice!! I'll try this one","admiration"
"I still can't believe I used to watch [NAME] videos","realization"
"luckily for us all the retarded companies are plummeting","gratitude"
"Good try now turn the lights on.","admiration"
"Whoever made this is making Tokyo ghoul look bad","disapproval"
"THANK YOU!!","gratitude"
"NINE NINE!!!","neutral"
"Yes, that was when I learned! I had so many questions. ","confusion"
"I think that's also what I'm saying so we're good.","admiration"
"I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.","fear"
"No kidding. That was extremely disappointing.","disappointment"
"This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.","neutral"
"Hi [NAME], I love you, that is all. Can't wait to see you in Worcester in February!","joy"
"> Sure it might make the population 4:1 [RELIGION] but it's still an awefully large mibority The population already is 4:1 [RELIGION].","annoyance"
"In this case, I don't see a problem. OP's post can stay.","neutral"
"Many a prick, as I recall. You could track them down but then it'd be pointless. ","neutral"
"TIL the President is not an adult. Actually IL that a long time ago.","neutral"
"A fringe western movement is taking over Canada?","curiosity"
"He does Perth games on Triple M","neutral"
"I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...","fear"
"Yeah she is. Do you think [NAME] faced the same problems [NAME] had? like you said major problems in the prosecution","neutral"
"I understand that but I enjoy the silence and lonely feeling I have.","approval"
"Oh god. Imagine losing to Toronto in the cup final. You would spent the rest of your life hearing about it","disapproval"
"You better be!","caring"
"Shocking that a fat DnD kid is this self-important. Remarkable.","admiration"
"The mindset that feminism has instilled them with: entitlement.","neutral"
"What in the West Virginia is this?","curiosity"
"I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!","gratitude"
"Is that max?","curiosity"
"You may have been watching a tad too hard bro lol No judgment here","neutral"
"Alright, thanks","gratitude"
"You've violated rule 4. Please adhere to the rules of engagement.","annoyance"
"That's why I get my info from reddit, and use Facebook to keep in touch with the fam.","realization"
"If there’s a pattern, yes.","approval"
"Is it weird that I’m relieved?","annoyance"
"I some times add a little sriracha when a I'm making a gochujang based sauce, they have similar flavor profiles with that hot and sweet thing.","neutral"
"Sakura drops & Goodbye happiness","neutral"
"Sorry man, I have no idea either! ","disapproval"
"The treatment is a series of injections. I’ve had them. It’s not significantly more unpleasant than the flu vaccine.","sadness"
"That’s an interesting point, thank you.","gratitude"
"Post on the [NAME] and listen to info wars, you shouldn’t have an opinion on the Internet and you should not share it","neutral"
"Much more badass than the union suit.","disappointment"
"If all else was equal it’d be a good idea but I don’t think it’s feasible.","amusement"
"Right, no one wants to deal with that. ","approval"
"This isn’t really new... or at least isn’t a new idea. Has it just now been shown in research?","neutral"
"Now THAT is a murder by words!","neutral"
"Is she single?","neutral"
"Damn, chairs can communicate with eachother now? What a time to be alive!","annoyance"
"That'll cost ya.","neutral"
"The Japanese and the British can do it well, but they probably get like 10x the funding per capita.","admiration"
"There are drugs for that...","neutral"
"Dude, take back your life and dignity. GTFO!!!","caring"
"I hope it goes just as well. Good luck.","optimism"
"Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??","annoyance"
"you're right, it's all very murky","approval"
"I worry that as soon as VR and AR take off, it'll be the nail in the coffin and we will be trapped.","nervousness"
"The USA welfare spend is quite low per gdp compared to first world countries. The safety nets are ridiculous or nonexistant and the inequality is ridiculous...","anger"
"OH YEAH we had a Rogue and a Bard, also a barrel of oranges and a cart to carry our stuff","excitement"
"Wow. Instant retirement money...","surprise"
"One year non guaranteed That's what they meant by death star.","neutral"
"Why are you trying to do that? What’s going on?","confusion"
"You have a lot of Hope Buddy a lot!!","optimism"
"It was eaten by a Photoshop coyote. Adobe support is your only hope.","neutral"
"My dads dislocated his twice. If it happens once, the knee is sometimes weakened which means it can happen again easily. ","neutral"
"That's exactly why I'm asking you if you would.","curiosity"
"So what happened is she tried to rape you","confusion"
"You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?","amusement"
"I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.","sadness"
"[NAME] has been waiting for this moment. People actually standing up for her in person to her father and evil stepmother.","neutral"
"Definitely. Once I discover their toxic personality, I couldn't care less about them.","realization"
"This. Literally this post. This post is a good start. :)","excitement"
"And that is simply why it is (or was) illegal. And why it was classified as a class 1 danger. MONEY.","annoyance"
"Wondering why this hasn’t been made a thing yet 😂","surprise"
"Mine is great at deflating them!!..wait wrong team..","pride"
"this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes","disappointment"
"I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.","surprise"
"Weird. He's like the one capitalist in this sub that I feel I've had substantive conversations with.","curiosity"
"It's like watching her do it an infinite amount of times with her saying to herself: what am I doing wrong?","curiosity"
"Given [NAME] viability prior to the 2016 election, I think the viability bar is set pretty damn low.","neutral"
"No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day","disapproval"
"PRERECORDED MESSAGE: I'm sorry. I'm no longer responding to messages on this thread. Please direct all further questions to your future parole officer.","neutral"
"This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...","admiration"
"we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something","optimism"
"I wish [NAME] made the levels up to 100.","optimism"
"Same...except that I'm not good looking :","approval"
"I miss the Scottish [NAME].","neutral"
"But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)","joy"
"actually pretty hot tho","admiration"
"I love it when they have those realistic conversations where people interrupt eachother and talk over eachother. It makes it more relatable","love"
"Because I am a human, and I can do whatever I want, as long as it's not against the law","disapproval"
"Hope he enjoys the ticket he is going to get.","joy"
"I fucking love Danbo. Thanks for putting it back in my head, I see my future self there in a few hours. ","excitement"
"You sound like a great mum","admiration"
"Wow. All that up and down cycling. These people must feel 80 by the time they're 30.","excitement"
"... I don't feel like your comment is from an objective point of view... Thanks though.","neutral"
"lol the zoomed in crotch on the right","annoyance"
"This is amazing!! Will it be integrated with the 7th heaven mod collection?","excitement"
"This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.","disapproval"
"Omg I know. She honestly looks so uncomfortable. There HAS to be someone better who could host?!","disapproval"
"I've got plat, the only challenge I'm missing from DLC is legions frenzy one. Completely impossible ","neutral"
"And smash melee*","neutral"
"if your former manager is receptive in re-hiring you, it's a positive first step. your email is fine. good luck!","approval"
"“I doubt I’m done writing” Kill me","neutral"
"Oh really? I didn’t know someone else posted it haha Edit: just looked and someone posted it right after me","surprise"
"thank you so much <3","gratitude"
"YES they all going in on LIEda","neutral"
"I do that on my boyfriend too haha, super soft and makes me feel safe! Maybe we are all crazy","amusement"
"forget new buildings, i work at the chase plaza building and am a little bummed that seagram tower made it but this didnt.","disappointment"
"It’s interesting that [NAME] is often the only little kid credited with being the one to desegregate schools in New Orleans.","admiration"
"There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.","annoyance"
"Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me","realization"
"oh shit u meant the actual post... yeh i live in china this all we got😂😂","surprise"
"Definitely.... I wake up at like 3am work at 6am... I hate morning people though LMAO","amusement"
"Alright OP here, I'm an [NAME] and this is not even close to how coupons work here. Didn't realise you [NAME] had such extreme coupons","neutral"
"Genuinely laughed really hard","amusement"
"You are too nice. That guys angry he loses to wardens all the time.","admiration"
"[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].","fear"
"*me trying to get it* OH!!!!!!!!!!","neutral"
"This makes me want to throw up.","neutral"
"My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.","disapproval"
"Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.","gratitude"
"Found the guy who has no idea what's going on! Downvote me all you want, you'll never take my memes!","neutral"
"A hell of a player when he was at Grimsby. Hope he can pick up some minutes and goals again.","optimism"
"Did the Benghazi investigation lead to more than a dozen people thrown in jail, cause this investigation has and it's not even over. ","curiosity"
"Strong and handsome*","admiration"
"If you hike past the 2-3 mile.mark on just about any trail you'll lose all.the Instagram hikers.","neutral"
"The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.","anger"
"No passes on skin color or class, yeah right thats why [NAME] is a supreme court justice right ??? ","neutral"
"I think there is a reality to that. Some of the focus has shifted to policing the language at the expense of dealing with more fundamental issues.","approval"
"Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;","gratitude"
"Yes because there is an optimal level that does not occur naturally.","neutral"
"You are extremely rude and condescending, and in my opinion it’s sad that you’re a teacher. ","sadness"
"[NAME] going to waste her virginity on that riff raff. My first time was with a married felon who lied the whole time. So romantic!","annoyance"
"I think [NAME] did such a classy exit! Hopefully people don’t give her too much hate. She comes from a good place.","neutral"
"Fox News devoted 42 seconds on [NAME], wow.","admiration"
"You misspelled Eastern Russia","neutral"
"Well, yeah, you fucked up. Drop this behavior and game her the normal way as if nothing happened","anger"
"So if the 4 wheels are locked I guess","confusion"
"That is insane","neutral"
"Tried to /r/woooosh but I guess I gotta take this L :/","embarrassment"
"Brilliant, thanks so much!","admiration"
"Dude, you made my day. ","gratitude"
"That’s a really cool GMC van there, love seeing really old, unusual vehicles like that around town.","love"
"this is my favorite scene from girl with the dragon tattoo","love"
"Dont get stuck in deep thought too much or you could loose focus but i have no problem as long as my vision is not impaired.","neutral"
"thank [NAME] it was returned","gratitude"
"Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.","sadness"
"This has been going on for months and bypass 2018 and now it is about to end.Actually I doubt it","confusion"
"Posters all the way down.","neutral"
"Very odd to wake up the next day and be like “I need to post about this on the internet now” too.","confusion"
"Maybe that’s what boogie was trying to say!","realization"
"Her track record is pretty shaky","disapproval"
"That fool does not look like it has been in the oven. It looks like they made a foil bowl and poured whatever that is in there.","disappointment"
"Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.","caring"
"I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.","remorse"
"My oldest jersey is Gilmour, but I'd love to add a Sittler or Salming jersey to my collection. ","desire"
"That's true. People feel they can't trust anything so they just chose to believe what they want to believe.","approval"
"How often are parents like that? I’m legit curious.","curiosity"
"😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*","love"
"yeah, my stbxmil has done the same for all 9 years we've been together. his ex also cheated. everyone knew. they're all besties.","disappointment"
"He’ll have ptsd every time he sees a cheeseburger.","neutral"
"You. Are. Awesome. Also, congratulations on the baby!!!!","admiration"
"Whoops, just posted about those two subjects elsewhere ITT before I saw your post.","approval"
"Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.","admiration"
"We're so bad x4","sadness"
"except for call your mother. The undisputed best bagels in dc.","neutral"
"I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!","desire"
"I have yet to see someone apologize for having bad english who actually has bad english.","embarrassment"
"There's not enough salt in the world for her!","disappointment"
"I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.","disgust"
"look how the Islanders didn't let us get a good shot there do that devils defense","annoyance"
"I feel you! Sending love and support","caring"
"Exactly. It just shows they can't make a good argument.","approval"
"It's ok, it's been posted a lot lately ","approval"
"You could get a new costume!: Cheesesaurus. It's still a dinosaur but now it's yellow.","neutral"
"I just hate the "I don't know" people","anger"
"I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!","sadness"
"This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.","annoyance"
"#YES.","neutral"
"...and I think you just jinxed it. I hope not 🤞🏽","optimism"
"I’m not sure this was a while ago. No major injuries were sustained so probs not.","confusion"
"This actually took me a minute. I underestimate the skill and knowledge of people in this subreddit. Very good.","gratitude"
"Juve somehow still managed to get the upper hand in the [NAME] for [NAME] and [NAME] deal. That's some voodoo shit right there.","disappointment"
"At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net","disapproval"
"Finally some appreciation","joy"
"Wtf are you taking about? What does that have to do wi- *checks post history* **OH**","neutral"
"It seems strange to me that [NAME] is still unsigned this close to the season.","surprise"
"Really? Down voted for thinking picking up the phone in the middle of sex is crappy?","fear"
"Old dirty Bastard?","anger"
"Fuck knows. They’ve stated both on seperate occasions. The media is all over them.","surprise"
"His playstyle is everything that everyone complains about in Wisconsin basketball and is a cocky little shit, I love him. ","love"
"oh yes! i did not know pizza could possibly ever be disgusting until i moved to florida.","approval"
"I know eating and drinking soy products increases estrogen. Although I’ve heard having/consuming too much estrogen can lead to health problems.","approval"
"It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.","caring"
"You mean [NAME]?","neutral"
"[NAME] looked like he pushed off and sent himself to the ground","neutral"
"Good sense of humor!","admiration"
"Is it because of the huge black spider above it?!? That bugs me more than it being off center...","neutral"
"As comic book guy from Simpson’s would say. WORST. WRITTEN CRIMELORD. EVER....","disgust"
"Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.","anger"
"Ohhh, thank you for enlightening me 😂😂","gratitude"
"ohhhhh my gosh","surprise"
"That was [NAME] not [NAME]","approval"
"Hello, future people!","neutral"
"You’re not a loser. You’re a whole and complete person unto yourself.","admiration"
"Playing hard to get","approval"
"Yeah, turns out there are some SNEAKY Grizzlys there that can surprise even a dog.","surprise"
"Unfortunately I'm guessing their toxic attitude will alienate them from others, which will only make them more angry and resentful.","anger"
"Give the mouse a chance!.leave the cat to it.","neutral"
"Seriously. Where I’m from it’s Heinz or excommunication.","neutral"
"That actually looks super, super cool.","admiration"
"I never will understand the reasoning behind puking in a toilet... Perfectly good bucket right there.","admiration"
""[NAME] will be Turkey's Vietnam" yeah, we saw how that went lol ","amusement"
"I am so sorry to hear about your wife’s tragic injury.","remorse"
"Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.","disappointment"
"I swear to [NAME], these offseason dream/hypothetical lineups get me rock solid every single time. I love it","love"
"No. It’s slower and takes more calculation but it can be done. That’s why it should be practiced.","disapproval"
"nope. not hers.","disapproval"
"I’m far to antisocial or have too much contempt for other people to do something like that","neutral"
"You know the first thing they're going to ask "so, are you hungry?" ","curiosity"
"Oh yeah, from the vulcan council","approval"
"Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess. ","admiration"
"2000 kid, know cursive but really badly. I have old notebooks that are barely legible because of my cursive lol","amusement"
">[NAME] loves people For dinner?","love"
"Good for you to get out of it!! seems like a nasty example of narc abuse. No contact!","caring"
"Now I'm over thinking. Maybe I have justified it to be able to move on and get closure???","neutral"
"HR is there to protect the company. Not you.","caring"
"I was wrong, thanks for the information.","gratitude"
"Hahaha exactly, and deciding on even the most simple of things","approval"
"Why come here to spread hate?","neutral"
"According to what?","confusion"
"It's ok I still have no idea how to add","confusion"
"A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional","disapproval"
"I puked out my coke while watching that. Thanks OP😅. Have to clean my desk now...","embarrassment"
"That’s an insult to special needs people everywhere.","neutral"
"Yeah he does give intense and memorable performances. He didn't get to speak in Mad Max for like half an hour but he was still riveting.","admiration"
"[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.","admiration"
"I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?","admiration"
"Most likely they're making their money from the monthly fee. So they don't care when you cancel.","neutral"
"Out of curiosity, why won’t you play Odyssey?","curiosity"
"aww hell no. This fucking ad","anger"
"for sure not natty","neutral"
"Both sides have extended offers to end the shutdown since it has started, I think it's disingenuous to act like this is completely one sided. ","confusion"
"At least they don’t say that at a funeral","neutral"
"I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously) ","disappointment"
"Wow! Look at that spine shine! You handled her perfectly!","admiration"
"Every. Bloody. Time. I never learn to just shut up though.","neutral"
"Nice! I’m glad you liked it. Have fun exploring :)","admiration"
"You are awesome, i envy you","admiration"
"Personally though I like to think of myself as a normy or a snowflake just without negative correlation. C;","neutral"
"Ah, didn't read the comment that way, my bad","disappointment"
"wow even the buildings on the poster haven't loaded in","neutral"
"And Mac and cheese is shit too. If a grown man has to eat children's food, then STAHMs can get minimum wage jobs","anger"
"Look at the size of those shorts!","excitement"
"Oh so now we’re not letting plays finish before calling offside cool..","approval"
"Poor [NAME], three lovers in 15 seasons","neutral"
"I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done","love"
"Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him","sadness"
"Promise me that when you call out his name you pronounce "Papa-paparazzi papa-paparazzi pahhh pahhh paparazzi, dinnnner!"","neutral"
"She looks like a crackhead.","disapproval"
"It did! Planning on seeing him again soon 😊","optimism"
"Cats/dogs for sure. It would be refreshing.","caring"
"Whenever I hear about someone I haven’t previously and someone says wow really they’re a YouTube ________ I physically twitch","confusion"
"This is one of the worst I've seen...","anger"
"I love this meme, killem with memes","love"
"Yeah, I applied this morning. I wasn't planning on quitting and I felt like I wasn't given a choice... ","neutral"
"Fuck that doll. Energizer bunny from hell.","neutral"
"And, what happened...","curiosity"
"That sex doesn't exist and we're all just pretending for his benefit...","disapproval"
"mom can you give me money? to buy [NAME]? yeeees. actually buys relief pitcher like a boss ottavino time","neutral"
"Ok, I get a feeling that you might be a bit too radical here. I'm not going to keep trying here, have a nice day.","annoyance"
"SS: Collapse of the west, and re-birth, all in a beautiful video.","admiration"
"I am sorry little one","remorse"
"several illegal wars? You seen much combat?","curiosity"
"Family had a little to do with it","neutral"
"Like this?","neutral"
"Nope this was Saturdays sunset :) I wish I was out there today for the sunset!","disapproval"
"Doing X deserves Y. When you realize X = Y you finally understand life.","neutral"
"I call even my dog my love (in local language) as a way to be caring to others.","love"
"I actually live in a place called Star City (ironically a really small town) so I thought it was the coolest thing to me.","approval"
"That book is awesome","excitement"
"Contracts & money in rtts mean absolutely nothing. Just one of the many missed opportunities year after year","disappointment"
"There's also the option of "who cares? Ship and let ship" but okay. ","approval"
"I drop at Bush but never pick up. Hobby I can usually drop and do a quick pick up right after during peak hours.","realization"
"He's also unfathomably rapid.","disappointment"
"Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show","amusement"
"I so remember that scene!!!!!","approval"
"Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.","sadness"
"I think it is interesting that so many people have done (Owl Hoot Trail, Star Wars Saga campaign, and at the same trime.","neutral"
"Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain. ","neutral"
"Just being friendly and sociable for the family get together!","neutral"
"If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day","grief"
"Oh boy yeah","neutral"
"Yet I still feel lonely doing it...","annoyance"
"He is the best","admiration"
"ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU","anger"
"Well thee are some things we know are coming next patch. Like improvements for the bipod","neutral"
"What happened in his personal life? I know he had a bunch of head injuries; is there more than that?","curiosity"
"This is really well put. I saved it.","neutral"
"Define woman please if you're not going to use the accepted denotation.","neutral"
"The men who didn't get other matches were being hypergamous in matching with a [NAME].","disapproval"
"im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3","relief"
"Getting jealous over exes is hard to overcome but they are EXES, he/she doesn’t want them, they want you.","desire"
"Can you imagine not being able to pick your nose THE WHOLE GAME ! Those poor bastards.","disgust"
"Odd to think that most people in this photo are either dead or just about into pension age.","annoyance"
"Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!","love"
"They call her she/her now but they've done a lot of weird things leading up to it","neutral"
"Sounds like they’re not responsible and shouldn’t have the right to have these.","realization"
"Yeah he's a cunt but that doesn't mean he should be prosecuted for a joke. No matter how bad taste it was.","disapproval"
"I will watch tonight, thank you!","gratitude"
"[NAME] if they're doing wrestling probably fine","neutral"
"OMG, yep!!! That is the final answer. Thank you so much!","gratitude"
"Slam the desk, stand up, and stare at the accuser for added emphasis.","anger"
">The left doesn't need this kind of public displays. >i never said that explictly or implicitly **thinking emoji**","neutral"
"I gotchu bro, house By Gucci Mane I’m a huge Gucci mane fan. ","excitement"
"Where did you get that? Highest I’ve found is Donagal at 23%.","approval"
"U will hate it shortly","anger"
"Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong","disgust"
"Glad you didn't add some awful "Read that again." in the description like I see other people doing when they retell this joke.","annoyance"
"Time is a great equalizer! So is death...but yeah let's not go there. We like things to stay alive!","neutral"
"I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)","love"
"Thank you and CONGRATS MAN!! I listen to podcasts too when I get ready! Greatly helps with the negative thoughts. Glad we did it!!","admiration"
"At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)","approval"
"Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse ","joy"
"Thought it was StuPOTity when I first heard it....","annoyance"
"Get jiggy with it.","nervousness"
"he's playing you on not just this point and you eat it up.","neutral"
"Ignorance is bliss","joy"
"Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!","admiration"
"I don't believe it is. like other posters have said, you can do better. I know it's hard but you are strong. ","caring"
"it’s a sensitive topic and she probably took it as if smelling bad lol. i’d just avoid saying that","amusement"
"HIPAA doesn’t care if you take insurance or not with respect to the privacy rule or the security rule.","neutral"
"Wow, guess my penis is small after all..","realization"
"I wonder what would happen if you did the same thing to him.","surprise"
"When will this copypasta die, it must be going strong for 10 years","optimism"
"This has the makings of a great painting.","admiration"
"Fuck it, im paying the premium -- 15% risk in not getting your money is quite high! ","anger"
"When they say shoot your shot that’s not what they meant","neutral"
"Oh, lol, no, I was asserting that you are being racist and have prejudices. That was a funny one, lol.","amusement"
"How can anyone like Tottenham? Like for real. They are the worst team you could imagine in every department.","curiosity"
"Too much work to unsubscribe. And what happens when the timeskip ends and the new season starts?","annoyance"
"Thank you so much! I love Germany! I was in Berlin 2 years ago for research work.","gratitude"
"It was my impression that Monzo doesn't offer business bank accounts?","neutral"
"Wanting America to be better does not mean hating America. We can do better than [NAME]. He’s an embarrassment to the entire country.","embarrassment"
"Malhama Tactical has been exposed as a sham FYI","neutral"
"It's brainwashing. When you have people keep pleasuring themselves, they're easier to manipulate. ","disappointment"
"Weird flex but ok","neutral"
"[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.","anger"
"If Android: YouTube Vanced is your new best friend. If IOS: sorry lol get a real phone","excitement"
"Luckily every elevator would be broken at all times.","annoyance"
"Haha I actually didn't know about its existence! I honestly wonder how much of that map I've actually seen though. So many hours. Lol","amusement"
"This is straight up depressing","sadness"
"we got good at breakaways!!","joy"
"Yup, not anymore. Keep your blood sugar up! It really helps and DRINK water...","caring"
"Nice try Lumi","optimism"
"Thank you for helping me realize that p&r bloopers is exactly what i need right now","gratitude"
"In case you're wondering, Nintendo does put a bittering agent in their Switch cartridges...and it tastes horrible. ","annoyance"
"1.) Love yourself 2.) Accuracy is a duty 3.) Care about all encounters Format like this to receive more than 10 up-votes.","love"
"Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though","disappointment"
"The whole country is an incompetent scam.","neutral"
"And other hilarious lies you can tell yourself...","joy"
"This guy probably just started watching football. These younger generations just aren't as educated as they used to be.","neutral"
"OH MY GOD OH MY GOD CONGRATS!!!!","excitement"
"Arguably. It is undefined.","disapproval"
"*Redditor for less than 30 days* New troll account, eh?","neutral"
"I like picking beans with grandma.","love"
"That's the key- minor corrections, little improvements, something slightly different.","caring"
"Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.","approval"
"[NAME]. No wife, no child, and felt lonely enough to ask the [NAME] for a clone of himself he then raised as his son.","neutral"
"It’s not that they MAY not become priests, it’s that they CAN not become priests.","neutral"
"Im done talking to you because i can expect better response from a wall. Feel bad for you. I hope it isnt too cold in your moms basement","anger"
"I'm not being told I have issues by a guy who actually and genuinely has an interest in coprophagia.","annoyance"
"I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.","confusion"
"I mean it certainly is a ritual so to speak.","approval"
"No. You seem to still be completely misunderstanding what memory conformity is. Are you familiar with the process as documented in the peer-reviewed literature?","confusion"
"You need to clasp your hands on top of a book to get rid of depression? Thanks grandma","gratitude"
"I've seen some unfunny comment sections on r/jokes but this one takes the cake.","disapproval"
"Not sure if this means solution or obtrusion.","confusion"
"Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.","neutral"
"The right had both houses and the presidency and they wait until they lose the house to pretend they care about passing wall funding. So brave.","admiration"
"You don't immediately have to start talking about the issue, you can just talk about something else first to get to know the person. ","neutral"
"I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.","love"
"Classic Narc behavior. Go No Contact.","neutral"
"Be great if the DV judge made her refund the cash to every single person, unlikely, but I can fantasize:(","desire"
"I love her","love"
"[NAME] kid got flyer shoes than the rest of us","neutral"
"welcome to a whole new world, my friend ","neutral"
"The best role you can take to climb is shot caller. Give your team the information they're not aware of and they'll be more useful.","optimism"
"Its the same processus for LoL isn't it ? Haven't played lol for a long time but i remember using golds to unlock characters too !","neutral"
"Have you pulled an updated Batch Guidance sheet? If your tossing a lot of coffee out, it sounds like you might be brewing too much.","surprise"
"Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.","gratitude"
"They do, however this is a TRAFFIC unit that focus' on TRAFFIC offences. Ice dealers are more of a detective / taskforce job.","realization"
"Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.","caring"
"What will the UN bring anyway? Turkey will be victorious. I love my country.","approval"
"For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.","amusement"
"I don't like it, simply because men never want to be just friends, and I have no interest in dating random dudes who message me.","annoyance"
"That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault","disapproval"
"You mean not enough","confusion"
"except for call your mother. The undisputed best bagels in dc.","neutral"
"Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.","confusion"
"It was squirting all over my kitchen n the nurse. Who then said oh nicked an artery.","neutral"
"Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message","disappointment"
"Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.","admiration"
"Like protesting for higher minimum wages and better benefits for worker? Yeah, we protest for the opposite in Canada.","curiosity"
"i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.","excitement"
"I’m not going to get in to the boring details here, but... Too late.","neutral"
"Yeah fuck all of them down votes xD instantly had this run through my head when I saw the post. One of my favorites as well...","love"
"Great, now this song will be stuck in my head for the next 2 weeks. ","amusement"
"Yo so friend canceled on me I got a free ticket today. PM me if you're interested!","neutral"
"Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.","admiration"
"I love your entire look, from your hair to your pout to the wallpaper (!)","admiration"
"Because we feed the shitty ones so there is no incentive to put in effort","annoyance"
"[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life. ","joy"
"Of course, you're /u/Utkar22 !","approval"
"This is an excellently written response, thank you for offering her your support. ","admiration"
"The poor dude.....pray for him.","caring"
"I love chicken","admiration"
"Truly a blessed day for you! Shine on!","caring"
"You don't even provide a verifiable example, why should I accept your evidence.","annoyance"
"It's legal...","neutral"
"And here's quick exercise. Can you list five little things you're grateful for? Not big things...little things.","curiosity"
"Themmuns have everywhere infiltrated so they do !","approval"
"You're a hottie!","admiration"
"I love [NAME] so much","joy"
"...it’s a Homestuck reference","neutral"
"they are going to need a gardener soon!!","neutral"
"That's amazing...I have to admit, Google making me do this while on VPN has moved me to Bing. ","admiration"
"I'm sorry OP, every single thing on that list is incredibly wrong. I hope you're doing well now. ","caring"
"Vote every one of them out that was quoted as being upset about the wire and not the corruption.","annoyance"
"Yeah like feminism! Not at all artificially inflated with terrible facts, information and school systems.","approval"
"the into is the real cringe - good find!","admiration"
"The last three words any redditor wants to hear lmao","disapproval"
"[NAME] is such an iconic runway model 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻","neutral"
"I can't wait for mom to slap his hand down","excitement"
"Hey don't insult troglodytes like that. I'm sure they would have wanted vaccines","approval"
"Idk it’s your choice","neutral"
"And he even dared to reference fairly odd parents in there, wtf lol","amusement"
"That’s just fucked lol talk about cheap.","amusement"
"When I was in 3rd Grade, I wanted to sneak into my pregnant teachers house and make her drink beer.","amusement"
"The trailer or the movie?","neutral"
"[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.","annoyance"
"Where have I seen this before? Oh [NAME].","neutral"
"No, though they've been criticised for an alleged anti-gov't bias. ","disappointment"
"You just keep playing games until provisional is over, you can't lose lp during this time and gain big lp (I think?)","caring"
"More likely to rape??? Stats?","neutral"
"Why wouldn’t the cops turn off the truck and take the keys?","curiosity"
"Now this is podracing!","excitement"
"I wonder if these little creatures with their big bulgy eyes ever poke themselves in the eyes accidentally.","surprise"
"There was a deleted scene where she flirts with a woman. Which is waaaaay too much representation already!","neutral"
"I still have empathy because she's a human with a family. Every bigots are human.","caring"
"When her daughter says she wants to take all the weight from her and put it on her own body so her mom can go outside and play 😢❤️😢","desire"
"Oh look, another SHG against. Must be a day that ends in -y.","neutral"
"happy cake day","joy"
"This a very serious question but I will say what everyone else will: "I want [NAME] out"","approval"
"No audio here either (Reddit mobile app)","neutral"
"Yeah, I interact with less adults as a teacher than I did in any other job I've had in the past.","neutral"
"A surprise, but a welcome one","surprise"
"They need to practice intuitive feeling and depression acceptance.","disappointment"
"Why?..... just.. why?","neutral"
"The NHL has the best All-Star events. the 3v3 tournament is so fun to watch.","admiration"
"at least you aren't broke like me :/","grief"
"You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.","neutral"
"But she still looking like late twenties","neutral"
"Yep. I did this in uni, got mad respect for holding my "booze". ","pride"
"How did notre dame drop two spots when the played us closer than bama did?","confusion"
"[NAME] has been doing everything great except for shooting. It will start falling eventually","neutral"
"One of the 10 most expensive buildings ever constructed in the world - is that acceptable to you?","curiosity"
"I mean, me neither! Who would have thought?! We saved a girl's life. Cheers!","confusion"
"Lol religion is a crazy thing","joy"
"I'm still a little surprised at how god awful that defense was. The Bengals definitely have some talent to work with.","surprise"
"Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.","annoyance"
"r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!","admiration"
"don’t show the FDA /s","neutral"
"I have endured worse.","sadness"
"Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.","embarrassment"
"I’m broke, dealing with my own mental illness, and immediately concerned with just keeping the peace.","sadness"
"I'm critical of halal, but I also don't eat meat. None of it is humane.","disapproval"
"It's my birthday today, so thank you, I guess? I hope something nice happens to you too.","excitement"
"She didn't seem to have an issue with them judging her as "cool" tho","joy"
"Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...","sadness"
"They're wrong, it was due to their natural wetland habitats being degraded & drying out. ","disgust"
"Omg I am so grateful for attending your TED Talk. (Not being sarcastic, btw. This is great)","admiration"
"Good for that security guard! That's lovely to hear.","caring"
"I really hope she wasn’t trafficked. It’s more prevalent in the US than a lot of people realize :(","optimism"
"You are very pretty. You also seen to have good taste in popsicles, that looks delicious.","admiration"
"Tailed. Let's get it!","neutral"
"When dunking is your only offensive move you will be efficient. Hope he gets stronger and learns to not be in foul trouble.","caring"
"Ha ha ha. That was a good one","amusement"
"[NAME] is staying where he is thank you very much","gratitude"
"I wish to find my best one.","optimism"
"She looks like her face is pulled back with ''face lifts'' tape. Or like she's pulling back her face like that scene in MIB I.","neutral"
"You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.","anger"
"I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!","admiration"
"Wow talk about strength!","surprise"
"I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.","annoyance"
"Yes. They don't care about the will of the people anyway.","neutral"
"NO, HE SAID 77. BAKER IS GOING TO THROW 77.","neutral"
"I sure hope so. I wanna cry tears of joy knowing [NAME] and [NAME] rode off into the sunset with one last ring.","sadness"
"Who is bored? I happily entertain myself.","curiosity"
"Nah. I think he will cheat on her like he did [NAME]","neutral"
"Just give him a chance!","caring"
"Not wrong.","neutral"
"Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:","curiosity"
"Don't worry, I forgive you.","approval"
"that is not a life PRO tip, that is a life ROOKIE tip","disapproval"
"I try to get close but I get pushed away. I try to back away and now I've just backed away.","sadness"
"Why is the hotdog so long lmao","anger"
"Shes awful and its all about her. Try again. And when the show has awful ratings thatll be confirmed.","neutral"
"Margin of error: 0.7%","neutral"
"I don't think a player can have no value and also be worth rioting over if he's traded.","neutral"
"Thank you very much for the advice I didn't really have anywhere else to turn","gratitude"
"Again it's weed not heroin. Smoke it. Or sell it.","annoyance"
"Taking a float plane is such a amazing experience - highly recommend!","excitement"
"Really? Down voted for thinking picking up the phone in the middle of sex is crappy?","disgust"
"No worries. Glad you like it","pride"
"Do you think each worker looks after only one child?","curiosity"
"I didn't come out [of my mother] drawing [goshdarn] [NAME]","sadness"
"I want one of those so badly! Perfect bag, perfect color. And of course they’re not for sale ","neutral"
"Oh look, someone who doesn't understand how living languages work.","amusement"
"Peace to you both.","relief"
"People want quick fixes. Going to the root takes time and effort","neutral"
"That is the plan.","neutral"
"It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]","approval"
"If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.","neutral"
"Scary stuff.","fear"
"Love the fact that the security guard or whatever he was made him roll down the passenger window instead of walking around to the drivers side, lol.","amusement"
"I live downtown and walk around at odd hours of the night all the time. Love the empty and abandoned feel of the city.","joy"
"Sadistic, but not smart unfortunately. ","neutral"
"As wholesome as that is... How is that a confession? That's casual discussion.","confusion"
"Oh sure. I bet [NAME] is sick. Sick of Skyward Sword.","disappointment"
"Why would you cross while an event is going...","neutral"
"It's nice that we've started giving our backups some time; this gives them trade value when they demonstrate that they can play ball.","neutral"
"Unfortunately international students see studying here as a pathway to citizenship.","neutral"
"Congrats! How long was the journey? Did you stick with [NAME] the entire time?","admiration"
"It's a miracle","admiration"
"You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)","approval"
"Thank you for your advice! I couldn’t agree more.","gratitude"
"It's a shame he didn't trust you enough to believe you, but instead believed his own assessment of what he was worth.","neutral"
"Ofcourse. If you can debunk our arguments and stuff,, well you win. Have a nice day too","approval"
"I love it here too.","love"
"Then you get home and realise they managed to bill you for the booze. That's half your winnings gone.","neutral"
"[NAME] i will laugh so hard if [NAME] actually bombs AS5","amusement"
"I miss you [NAME] 😢😭","sadness"
""Ma'am, thanks for buying the twine. Have a nice day"","gratitude"
"I think he's probably (hopefully) more interested in the URL of the page... :D","excitement"
"what happened to that uk transfer they picked up, haven't heard much about him","curiosity"
"I think they could have asked harder ones but this gave me a better feeling of the future.","approval"
"F yeah!","neutral"
"You shouldn't be here. You're not an anarchist. GTFO","neutral"
"It got completely banned I think, saw a post about it a while back in r/gore.","neutral"
"I know your not serious because your not looking whole corpus Here’s unique ones only found within [RELIGION] tradition","realization"
"That theater is huge","neutral"
"Lol that’s incredible! PLO is such an amazing game, so much more entertaining than NLH. Good job pal. ","gratitude"
"Until he leaves for the Lakers and we’re right back in the same spot in two years after not winning shit","anger"
"Come on curry","neutral"
"No clip? Screenshot? Picture at all? Sounds fake as hell","curiosity"
"This is a long shot here, but do you think we could eventually edit genes to produce longer life spans? Or maybe to stay younger for awhile?","curiosity"
"As a risk analyst, that's a terrible idea, Risk is too high and the benefit to cost ratio is not worth it ","neutral"
"That's odd. Where I live it all the disapproval has been silent. The loud people are older cougar ladies that are into that kind of thing.","annoyance"
"I think it's because he was so damn happy for his friend, which again, is sweet as hell.","neutral"
"What?! I am level 20 and I already had 4. I did 5 hide outs in total not counting the tutorial hide out.","neutral"
"Can't wait to see her looks in S11!","curiosity"
"Honestly if you had to live in punchbowl you’d be angry too","desire"
"I cringe at every part of all of this","neutral"
"I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about","disappointment"
"People will go mental hoarding food, so you should be hoarding food, not like those idiots that panic. I'm confused.","disapproval"
"[NAME] just make one shot and we’ll be happy","optimism"
"Reading this made me pretty damn happy. Congrats hope it works out for you two.","joy"
"Oh this poor sap","anger"
"Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.","curiosity"
"They’re just idiots parking there. No clue that it is a designated bike lane.","neutral"
"And I’ll admit I am insane for allowing it to happen but the passion I have for this guy makes it hard to cut off all contact.","disappointment"
"We desperately need a veteran WR with so many rookies around. Like a [NAME] for [NAME] and company.","annoyance"
"Don’t explain how you’re feeling to her either. Women like men who’s feelings are unclear.","optimism"
"Who are real "[NAME]?" Be specific which, denomination is the one true denomination?","neutral"
"It's a fair question to be sure. Crime dramas have largely overstated the importance of reading [NAME] rights, so most people have the same misconceptions.","disappointment"
"If we can trade down with the jags, send a 5, get their 1, jalen and draft an edge I’ll fuck. ","anger"
"Congratulations on securing your CF Future!!!","gratitude"
"You have nothing to lose by going to the police now. They may help with the restraining order, shelter, etc.","caring"
"I was trying to prove the other guys comment","neutral"
"The walls are repainted anyway every few years, so if you buy the paint you want, they will even do it for you with that.","neutral"
"because [NAME] is already signed in on their device and you dont remember their password and really want to see what happens next season","excitement"
"so cute. your art style is adorable. imagine if you made a mini-comic drawing!","admiration"
"just like [NAME] was going to win by 90+%? I'm not going to believe it until I see it.","realization"
"Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!","admiration"
"No worries, good luck!","optimism"
"I am too but thank you for having it and I will try to think more about the points you raised.","gratitude"
"Damn thats so cheap","annoyance"
"Man if you want some crazy dreams, slap on a few nicotine patches before bed.","neutral"
"This only pushes me closer to the void","neutral"
"[NAME] i actally kind of like [NAME] but he is such a punk","confusion"
"I love this! It's nice to hear of a positive outcome on here.","admiration"
"You're gross","disgust"
"What do they mean attract teens? Every teenager is basically on it already","admiration"
"I miss [NAME]","disappointment"
"Yes but [NAME] advice is better then some randoms lol he was one of the leagues best ever defenders","amusement"
"thank you so much <3","gratitude"
"SO FAR I couldn’t even listen to all of zombie bastards and ckth was mediocre","anger"
"I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.","disappointment"
"I used ODesk to pay ppl overseas to do all my college coursework. I coasted!!!","annoyance"
"Headline had me thinking the guy was currently barricaded in a BK bathroom, demanding they give him free food. But no.","neutral"
"Whining on reddit about whining in game.","neutral"
"Im actually going to this game! One of the only chances every year I have to see the boys play in person. LET GO DEVILS","excitement"
"This...is just beautiful","admiration"
"The whole paper ballet thing makes tampering a non issue.","neutral"
"Of fucking course it is...","annoyance"
"Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:","amusement"
"Your using emotionl blackmail. Does the vet save cancer or destroy cancer? [NAME] = Vet. Your using babies and all sorts of things to manipulate. Vets only do the right thing.","anger"
"Well the cops would probably become even more corrupt in covering things up to protect their buddies from losing retirement","optimism"
"They got cockroaches . Seen it","curiosity"
"Random hug attacks. Hugging for no other reason than craving the space of each other.","neutral"
"It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.","disapproval"
"Demented feminist ad Literally is just ad saying don’t be a scumbag k","disapproval"
"But... but [NAME] literally wanted to murder almost all the Polish people.","neutral"
"That was the gayest thing ive ever heard another man say.","neutral"
"My dog knows when I say "BRB" on the mic he gets up and runs to the door.","caring"
"Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.","disappointment"
"It's also ridiculously removed from reality. Dying to a disease or injury from an accident is orders of magnitude more likely than getting shot.","disgust"
"Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!","fear"
"Great to hear!","pride"
"And then [NAME] missing a WIDE OPEN corner 3","neutral"
"No problem comrade","approval"
"[NAME] was pretty cool on The Challenge so I would love to see him on CBB.","love"
"Normally drop n roll. In this case I would remove my clothes because I doubt rolling would help.","disgust"
"Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn","disappointment"
"It was a bad one, and you should feel bad. ","disgust"
"[NAME] is staying where he is thank you very much","approval"
"If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better","disgust"
"These edits are retarded. Why do people get so giddy for internet points.","annoyance"
"very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol","amusement"
"Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.","approval"
"I’m not a republican","neutral"
"I guess without me you would just go on mistakenly thinking [NAME] was a part of the Dodgers ownership group.","approval"
"that's the spirt! *come to the dark side my child, embrace your hate*","approval"
"No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.","anger"
"I don’t know where you live but just a bj should be around 80$","neutral"
"I always do this. They get closer or just move to another lane lol","amusement"
"The bone around your tooth it’s subject to fracture when you take bisphosphantes! Super weird.","confusion"
"thc concentrations in weed are irrelevant everyone just dabs now anyway","neutral"
"Yeah, my partner is a starfish. Thanks, i needed that precise clarification. Dead whale sex too. ","gratitude"
"There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.","approval"
"Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.","neutral"
"? I'm a dude so I was asking how often she feels like guys listen to her. Not sure what you're asking","neutral"
"Great. I guess they learned from previous shutdowns.","admiration"
"“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her","admiration"
"Sounds like he’s just cheating on you...","neutral"
"Yeah, however you spell it - I don’t play with them ","disapproval"
"Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now","approval"
"Happy cakeday 🎂","excitement"
"Well of course there was an accident they were all driving on the wrong side of the road.","neutral"
"I didn't call you a [NAME]. Your use of Nazi-adjacent statements is extremely sketchy, though.","disapproval"
"Daddies little nightmare","neutral"
"It’s selfish to not want to march with people who believe you’re termites and [NAME] killers?","confusion"
">Yeah, people ruin everything with their useless comments... the irony ","disgust"
"It’s a joke.","approval"
"[NAME] [NAME] homie. You understand my situation.","approval"
"I was thinking the same thing! Then I saw your flair.","approval"
"Prayer is absolutely in the (written) Torah. The specific prayers are derived by the Gemara.","approval"
"Pretty sure neither team wants this, it's a BS rumor","neutral"
"Agree! Poor girls! They seem so sweet.","admiration"
"I wish I could forget","approval"
"This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite","love"
"2010: The Year We Made the Super Bowl","realization"
"This is the worst thing I've ever seen. Take my upvote.","disappointment"
"[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.","desire"
"I don't know who is dumber here.","confusion"
"Lmao this is hilarious not cringe","admiration"
"I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.","neutral"
"This is really the draw’s fault for [NAME] not having to play anyone that good until the final.","neutral"
"death of drone is hilarious, like a scene from theater.","amusement"
"[NAME] did say he still has a part to play, so hopefully we'll get to see more of him soon.","optimism"
"78% of child decisions goes to the mom.","neutral"
"Back to where it was.","neutral"
"I think my worry would be if another dog attacks mine, they wouldn't be able to defend themselves","optimism"
"That's probably percisely what they did... They couldn't get into the server still. I'm sure they have specific rules about delaying and pausing.","neutral"
"He was recently defending the new Brazilian president who is uh, not left at all lol","admiration"
"Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.","annoyance"
"[NAME] doesn't even like sex. Remember, you said it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton.","neutral"
"Good advice, thank you.","admiration"
"he can still be heard uttering "I'm a huge fan" alone in a dark room","excitement"
"I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.","anger"
"[NAME] is just awesome. I have vacancies for long range adoptive grannies if she's not busy?","approval"
"Mash 'im, boil 'im, stick 'im in a stew.","neutral"
"Yeah. It didn't even work, that's why nobody went crazy. ","joy"
"That's a great song","admiration"
"I had to look those up.lol. That's awesome. Do you make money by doing so or just pure hobby?","amusement"
"LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.","disapproval"
"> ftw Awesome statistic. Made my day! Love it","joy"
"That seems stupid.","embarrassment"
"Almost in tears watching him celebrate, true captain ❤️","excitement"
"Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.","neutral"
"It's really baffling, they had the perfect template with the Master dialogue in FO1 but they manage to completely butcher it.","neutral"
"I am so sorry! I hope you are okay!","optimism"
"I love this subreddit","love"
"I’m thinking yes and this was done on purpose.","approval"
"You're in for a treat- enjoy :)","joy"
"Why so much green though lol","amusement"
"Will keep watching, have enough bourbon to keep sanity in check. ","neutral"
"I like this new trend","love"
"Damn schaller got tuned up. And maybe stop showing [NAME] his ugly toothless grin is burning my retinas","disappointment"
"Something tells me no!! Lol.","amusement"
"It would be a crime to not invite him.","annoyance"
"No he won’t :)","neutral"
"That is one big pile of cringe.","neutral"
"I agree with you here but I don't see how he is a sexist?","confusion"
">They talked about it a lot in early 2017, specifically mentioning r/Minnesota. Lol, someone found one comment that had 3 points.","neutral"
"The fufure is not written! But my skateboard career is!","approval"
"Check out [NAME], he's like the [NAME] of dissosiatives. ","neutral"
"Actually, in some cases it's best certain people _don't_ think about the children..,,","neutral"
"There’s a fairly strong intersection between white supremacists and antivacs from what I’ve noticed","approval"
"aha, guilty","embarrassment"
"Those are literally the only possibilities.","neutral"
"She's a weekend mother at best.","neutral"
"Even though I'm not the poster thanks for this, I had no idea it was a thing. I'm going to check it out.","confusion"
"I'm not too excited to see [NAME] and [NAME] throwback offense again. Run 3 times punt and play great defense. Zzzzzz.","neutral"
"Just gotta injure 3 more","neutral"
"I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.","caring"
"ah ok gotcha. glad you guys looked even better when [NAME] left! always cool to see","caring"
"Thanks, this really helps!","approval"
"I haven't seen any of them, thanks!","gratitude"
"17f CF to the core here. I never thought of having kids once in my life! No kids for me","disappointment"
"I knew I'd see him here eventually. I really like his animations. They're cute and funny","admiration"
"I'm not going full vegetarian but I am trying to cut down on eating meat a bit.","neutral"
"I thought it was funny.","realization"
"No shit. Stupidest idea having a safe place for junkies to get fucked up.","anger"
"If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.","neutral"
"I love Wood Witch, still saving to buy that.","admiration"
"Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors","disapproval"
"What was fluky about the 2012 Quakes? They won fair and square and they did it the MLS way","confusion"
"Just got back from Orlando to Chicago yesterday. I have a good feeling about this one!","joy"
"Hate them. I really don't need to hear about you pissing your pants in the first grade.","anger"
"Are you joking??????","amusement"
"Actually mommy needs to grow up and manage her own feelings.","neutral"
"Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They don’t get to pass the threshold again!","neutral"
"Great. I guess they learned from previous shutdowns.","neutral"
"My point is that since they should both get the same sentence...it doesn't matter who is who. Push them both in...","confusion"
"I'm crying.","sadness"
"This post was xposted somewhere","neutral"
"o.o I want to be able to drop 30k on presents. [NAME]: Sounds fun.","approval"
"This again?","neutral"
">it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy","fear"
"You have to find the right woman honestly and its sad that divorce is so punishing","sadness"
"In the letter I told her she was disrespectful and that we will not ask her to housesit again.","neutral"
"Now, could you please turn the card around and show me those wacky three numbers on the back. ","curiosity"
"did anyone calculate aprox. how much would the food cost in total?","neutral"
"the ratings have never been worse...","pride"
""We need more content." "OK. here's some ballerina shoes."","neutral"
"Yeah, I’m going to do my best to avoid a fight. She’d probably kill me. ","approval"
"Well that explains why [NAME] was able to win","approval"
"Yep! Wanna come do karate in the garage?","neutral"
"[NAME] speed!","admiration"
"Understandable. Thank you for your opinion. Ill move towards due action soon.","gratitude"
"Purple are lowkey great value properties.","neutral"
"Alright dude just fuck off ok, it's not the funniest thing on the internet but it did make me smile so in conclusion fuck you","disgust"
"Technically not r/politics. Wasn’t expecting this result from r/showerthoughts.","neutral"
"~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!","disgust"
"Please don’t do that. You can do better","caring"
"There has to be some repercussions for this judge, right? Considering the crimes, that bail seems incredibly low...","curiosity"
"Fun fact: not everyone is a guy, although you may not have any contact with women personally","approval"
"I dunno man. Guitar picks and baby pacifiers both seem to enter the quantum realm as soon as their dropped.","confusion"
"It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic. ","amusement"
"Lol Question for you. Why do you believe everything presented to you?","curiosity"
"So are we tanking or are we still trying for playoffs?","confusion"
"Don't eat the [NAME] family. You shouldn't eat trash.","approval"
"When I need to skin an alligator they cease to exist but when I'm escaping I hear the alligators yell "WELCOME TO THRASHTOWN, POPULATION YOU"","neutral"
"Oceania is my favorite Smashing Pumpkins album","admiration"
"Mug that fool","annoyance"
"Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.","disgust"
"Man [NAME] and [NAME] are wylin","neutral"
"I just got there and saw "Chicken Pox" When the image is about smallpox","surprise"
"I think its absolutely wonderful : )","admiration"
"8 hour old spam account of the forum incel buttcoin troll.","annoyance"
"Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed. ","neutral"
"Is there something I'm missing here? I don't see the pun.","confusion"
"Ya so in a sense, you're just feeding strangers for a few days. Kind of charitable in a way","neutral"
"Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.","annoyance"
"Sexy teeth.","admiration"
"Get her a gigolo. You don’t stop liking sex when you’re old","approval"
"we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.","nervousness"
"Haha, why are you still thinking about that? That's super weird.","amusement"
"Awesome job!!","admiration"
"Not weird at all. I was a virgin until I was 25.","neutral"
"Why would I do that?","confusion"
"Only fair - although they they could have reported it as 0-0 since ND never showed up.","neutral"
"You have to remember it's just porn for people who haven't figured out how to get it for free on the internet (ie, morons)","neutral"
"Glad you had fun! Your gf sounds like a keeper!","admiration"
"Simple...OHFRSUR...thank me later bud","caring"
"Get out of here with this, dude.","anger"
"Yes, I've had this fear. It's even worse when you *don't* say goodbye and then it's the last time you see them.","annoyance"
"No, it's because of the misogyny that's often present in the community. ","disapproval"
"If they don't mention their children within 5 minutes of conversing with them.","neutral"
"Your stupidity and your attempt to reframe the argument when the facts are laid out clearly is astounding LOL","amusement"
"my parents did this to my sister who was just a tomboy because they feared she was transgender and now she is super girly and not herself anymore","joy"
"oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship","amusement"
"Sorry I forgot you guys beat Pitt. Congrats on your 2 win season.","admiration"
"Please don't ruin our self-deprecating-humor cope.","disappointment"
"Tbh I think there are a lot of parts of chicago that are way shittier than memphis","approval"
"Because your very wise mother KNEW who the real wankers were and she couldn't be bothered... Smart lady.","neutral"
"I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.","surprise"
"Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️","annoyance"
"The greatest out of context quote ever.","admiration"
"My favorite [NAME] post-match celebration hands down.","excitement"
"But if the dentist makes you wait more than 15 minutes, you are legally allowed to leave. ^I'm ^just ^kidding, ^you ^probably ^should ^stay.","amusement"
"It’d be nice if they tried to play defense","neutral"
"We gotta throw the whole world away","admiration"
"Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.","love"
"You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.","caring"
"Cro magnons are indistinguishable from modern humans, you absolute Neanderthal.","neutral"
"Who doesn't have unlimited calls???","neutral"
"The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on","disgust"
"Go check out the Secondary Bill of Rights It's a good start for unionizing","neutral"
"It's a shame he didn't trust you enough to believe you, but instead believed his own assessment of what he was worth.","curiosity"
"At least it's not a T bone","neutral"
"Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.","anger"
"That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol","amusement"
"really odd choose with pairing slack and sunfan together. These 2 should always be paired with a high IQ caster","neutral"
"I kind of love the rabbit","love"
"Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.","approval"
"TIL that [NAME] is a guy.","neutral"
"Then it would have been removed. Don't assume my thoughts. I cringed. I posted.","annoyance"
"It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.","sadness"
"Yeah, I don’t get paid 30 million a year to get my a** kicked.","disapproval"
"If that's their response ask them whether they would go down to the street to cruise for johns if the cam work dried up I'm thinking probably not.","confusion"
"Funk Night @ Marble Bar is Friday, 1/25. Always a good time and only $5 to get in.","admiration"
"OMG, I thought the same","surprise"
"Boondock Saints, a brilliant documentary on the South Boston psyche ","neutral"
"Allow Ireland to become a colony of the UK, outside the EU?","curiosity"
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA "lonely" girls from this very sub","approval"
"The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter? ","annoyance"
"Will the full squads (+subs) be announced before the league starts? Curious as to who teams put down as their subs","curiosity"
"Its 100% copy paste.","neutral"
"Wow, an [NAME] sighting","amusement"
"“While you were getting laid, I was shopping for clothes at Costco.”","relief"
"Why is she the absolute worst","curiosity"
"Ooh sorry, I didn't reread the article. I just remembered seeing it on Instagram. I'll add an edit","optimism"
"It’s time for mango dream to come true. We need to spirit bomb him at the last second.","desire"
"thanks, i didn”t think of it that way but i guess it”s true","gratitude"
"All it takes is just a bit Practice and thanks!","caring"
"I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)","love"
"UNCLE RADITZ IS PISSED!!!","annoyance"
"Being physically attractive 😒","neutral"
"YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh","joy"
"He's a dumbass, but he is our hot gamer dumbass","admiration"
"Lol i highly doubt it. A third grader did that photoshop job","amusement"
"Welcome to MTV Cribs! The whole place is a giant bed for me","admiration"
"Oh wow- some truly have crazy different genetics. I’m glad you got her a friend, I’m sure it helps immensely. ","admiration"
"They look incredibly legal, organized, and accurate, just like yours! ","love"
"aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging","realization"
"Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.","amusement"
"Btw- I love your flair!","love"
"Insensitive tweets don't help, though.","approval"
"You go back to school... Except this time you don't qualify for ANY financial aid, because you already have a degree","neutral"
"These are both beauties. Those big dark eyes and that smile.","admiration"
"Now, could you please turn the card around and show me those wacky three numbers on the back. ","neutral"
"i want to believe that every1 on pc just really loves the nuketown "weekend" and will return to normal after the double xp goes away. ","neutral"
"Great to hear that. Go beyond, plus ultra!","admiration"
"Thanks! I appreciate the kind words :)","gratitude"
"The left has hurt itself in its confusion!","confusion"
"Right?!","neutral"
"Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude. ","annoyance"
"This definitely was what I was thinking too. With the things that go on nowadays, I wouldnt be suprised!","approval"
"That escalated quickly","surprise"
"I love her doctor. You need to send him some chili and cornbread","love"
"[NAME] and [NAME] not being signed yet is getting on my nerves, am i alone in that?","nervousness"
"I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)","approval"
"I do enjoy my lawn. 😁","joy"
"love cats, dislike the regular news. you?","curiosity"
"This is much better! Good mods [T]/","admiration"
"So happy for you two !! ❤️","love"
"My thoughts exactly","neutral"
"Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.","anger"
"I think I could watch an entire show with just these two all the time.","approval"
"I am [NAME] total lack of suprise","sadness"
"So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!","joy"
"*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*","fear"
"I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.","love"
"Seems kind of literal","curiosity"
"Oh... I'm sorry. You holding up okay?","remorse"
"What reason do you have for not already having been prepared?","curiosity"
"There is a revenge story in JNMIL about DIL getting back at MIL involving ground meat. Yes, that MIL sabotage her BC too","approval"
"This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st, ","approval"
"Since their job is to keep us safe, I would argue that it is very important.","approval"
"Wonder how much meth it would cost to get the dentist to give him a new tooth?","curiosity"
"can we get a power stone remake? how about dragons dogma 2?","curiosity"
"Man you'd be shocked to know some women still remain passive even when married.","disappointment"
"Anyone know how high of a fall that was? Edit: ~4 seconds of falling. .5 X 9.8 X 4^2 = ~78 feet.","curiosity"
"Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised","approval"
"It will be cool a "Classic BF maps DLC" on this time period. And a Stalingrad battle map <3 And a berlin map.","neutral"
"Can you imagine being the person in this costume #mascotlivesmatter","neutral"
"we stan supportive parents!","neutral"
"His performance this weekend reminded me of when [NAME] came into the LCS, he would solo kill every single lane","neutral"
"Toe boards missing, tripping hazards and netting not in place. You better have a retractable lanyard on that phone. Get back to work hand.","neutral"
"I’m jonesing like [NAME] on her wedding night!!!","neutral"
"Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.","approval"
"Fear - that's it. You need to work on identifying and overcoming your fears.","caring"
"I don't understand the infatuation with modern ones. Everything made before the Murciélago is where it's at.","confusion"
"I feel you. I hate needles and i'm a type 1 diabetic","anger"
"It's to bad I live in a society that only wants my continual existence.","disapproval"
"nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.","optimism"
"I always thought it was so it would sound like LGTV","neutral"
"Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.","admiration"
"I saw these in a cart and I was so confused why the tennis balls were so small...then I noticed the word "gum".","embarrassment"
"Wonder how that brother or cousin excuse works when Lus have no brothers or male cousins","surprise"
"Lol. I realize that. I know plenty of people like y'all","amusement"
"Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult","anger"
"Excellent jobs, young men!","admiration"
"You really went in to detail, and with valid points. Δ ","neutral"
"I miss my Shrek Ghrok :(","disappointment"
"Shame he’s an UFA instead of an RFA","neutral"
"Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.","love"
"Anytime someone says “Sorry, English is my second language,” I already know I’m in for a well written post.","neutral"
"Remind me about this on Tuesday and I'll have it looked into (the not being able to report part).","neutral"
"Congrats on the sex","neutral"
"It just never got weird enough..","disapproval"
"I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair","anger"
"I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...","sadness"
"I like His And Hers Poker Podcast","joy"
"Oh my gosh! I subscribed to both! Thank you so much for the recommendation.","excitement"
"It’s disgusting","disgust"
"Loving the things you do is a good start. it's easier than loving yourself, but it slowly leads into it. ","admiration"
"You mean the Chelsea?","neutral"
"She’s happy she’s taking half of amazon.. [NAME] said [NAME] was a cheater.. win win I guess...","approval"
"Do whatever you want if/until you have kids. Just stay safe.","caring"
"I found it using Guide to Purposeful Success. Hope it can help you the way it helped me!","caring"
" No one makes that argument, though, except strawmen invents by the right. ","annoyance"
"Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]","neutral"
"I don’t think it was a freestyle? So not really comparable?","curiosity"
"Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!","excitement"
"People have gotten triggered on this sub the past month if you didn't call [NAME] a [NAME], so I think we can handle it.","approval"
"The kidd series is by far my favorite. Much more lighthearted than the prey books.","admiration"
"Agree. I did enjoy Godless but I was addicted to The Terror. It was full of such amazing character actors.","admiration"
"Farewell wonderful traffic. It's been good 2 weeks.","admiration"
"I much prefer when the CB is given a taste of their own medicine. Far more satisfying than being polite. This one is great!","admiration"
"After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.","neutral"
"Some people have thin skin and are unequipped with dealing with backlash.","anger"
"He was 2 when our family adopted him. He's always been a gentle soul, and became even more so with age. ","love"
"Feels like hitreg in general is pretty poor lately.","neutral"
"It's not really controversial any year, but he's commentating a game with [NAME] in it. He has the counterpoint right in front of him.","neutral"
"Shit out to my little hommies who's parents made them go to school today.","neutral"
"Do they not remember the SRO who responded to a school shooting returning fire in under a minute.","curiosity"
"It did. MM used way more textures than Ocarina.","neutral"
"Shes thicc... gigiddy","neutral"
"So many I can’t stop ❤️❤️❤️","neutral"
"Like I said deleted","approval"
"deserved better :/","approval"
"It’s funny","amusement"
"I honestly would've sued anyway. You could have died, and all you got out of it was a guy fired?","anger"
"There are two kinds of people in this world. Those who extrapolate from incomplete data.","neutral"
"He's the only one who has managed anything positive in this game","neutral"
"Listen to it while you're sad","neutral"
"It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent","disappointment"
"Me too! That’s what I heard :/","approval"
"You forgot warden's spamming shoulder bash","neutral"
"Damn, [NAME], you *are* brutal 💀😆","anger"
"Oh definitely. When you work for the gov't you root for the party looking to expand it. Maybe that's how you'll get a raise right?","curiosity"
"now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it","love"
"Nah, this is actually my cat! He’s just the only other person I know that would eat em","anger"
"Hm so sad. Am I supposed to feel bad for you because you don't look like [NAME] phelps? Btw, he's on steroids no doubt","sadness"
"You shouldn’t forget it, and you probably need therapy. Years of abuse like that takes its toll.","realization"
"Absolutely brutal.","disapproval"
"Wait did he’s married with a family and tried getting in your pants?!","neutral"
"I miss the confetti cakes :(","disappointment"
"Bingo! I would not/could not be in a relationship with someone who denies their child a parent by choice.","disapproval"
"To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun","amusement"
"I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.","annoyance"
"Thank you very much.","gratitude"
"I wish. It's been over 72 hours for me now, nothing. Less than .5 ETH, BCH and BSV - hasn't moved.","curiosity"
"Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too","desire"
"It released like a couple weeks ago??? I don't think all that much would've changed in 2 weeks...","disapproval"
"Looks better imo","approval"
"I love our cheese curds both fresh and deep fried. So good. And now I'm hungry.","love"
"I don't really understand this video and the motivation behind it. It doesn't make sense to me.","annoyance"
"This is the game that finally lost my faith.","disappointment"
"Orisa will actually fair better than most if the orisa has good fortify usage. Mainly decreases effectiveness for dva and rein.","approval"
"You think her being a [NAME] is the reason for the hatred? Really?","curiosity"
"It’s like you didn’t even read the comment you’re responding to.","realization"
"Yup those are the two worst tasting out of my cocktail!","neutral"
"This is absolutely precious","caring"
">YHWH >Abba >same dude I knew it","neutral"
"Sometimes, if there's only one available device, the app will just connect to it when you hit the button.","sadness"
"I almost thought this was gonna turn into a story of your tissue you'd been reusing for months. I'm glad it was not lol","amusement"
"Looks like these guys were sold Brexit lies","disapproval"
"Seriously? That’s so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these “fans” are disgusting.","anger"
"It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!","gratitude"
"I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.","disappointment"
"I can't wear mine everyday but I love my leggings from Forever 21. They're comfy and cost less than five dollars a pair.","neutral"
"It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.","amusement"
"In both points and fouls Edit: [NAME], looks like he didn't pick up that foul. Good news!","admiration"
"Ugh yes that makes sense. Thanks for the response.","gratitude"
"Dont blame em. They should force change to get done what needs to be done","disappointment"
"You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.","grief"
"It's interesting but would be super impractical as a prosthetic for an amputee or someone with a limb deformity.","excitement"
"I really wanna see how this argument goes....!","neutral"
"I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me. ","fear"
"Can I comment on the lost opportunity/remarkable restraint by [NAME] to not have a "MLK I Have a Dream Mattress Sale"","neutral"
"Had to go check for myself","neutral"
"They were nice in the PMs just wanted me to be aware that my tone was kind of callus about mental illness","admiration"
"I already did","approval"
"Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.","neutral"
"i never thought i would read the phrase 600 lb cinematic universe but i am glad i did","joy"
"lol it’s pretty tame compared to r/Titlegore","disapproval"
"I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.","embarrassment"
"I take everyone that visits me over to Lands End .. I'm a huge fan of the hike from there back to Sea Cliff!","admiration"
"Lol what can you even say you meant to say? “Sorry auto correct meant let’s do SOCKS”.","amusement"
"Lmao it wasn’t free, we were stealing","neutral"
"Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.","love"
"This is my best bro being a dumbass....he said he was ok though.","admiration"
"[NAME] is ac?","curiosity"
"Sorry man I don’t really like duck.","gratitude"
"Eh, not in Europe, it ain't.","neutral"
"But do you have a notoriously shady history a la Jax? (Hope not)","curiosity"
"The irony here of course is that your degree becomes more valuable when fewer people are able to obtain it.","approval"
"The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.","neutral"
"I'm not just. I wanna know why its a thing all of a sudden.","curiosity"
"Yep. Two actually. Both older. Brother undiagnosed, sister diagnosed. It’s been a hellish nightmare... ","approval"
"Ah yes, I completely forgot that [NAME] maintains those servers himself.","neutral"
"Your attempts to belittle me show only more insecurities on your part.","neutral"
"I love taking my girlfriend to Victorias Secret, we shop together, and the whole experience is a kind of foreplay. I highly suggest that route.","neutral"
"r/NotHowLesbiansWork","neutral"
"I really hope not. I want a more feel good intermission, I’m done with being yelled at by angry old conservatives. ","disapproval"
">![NAME]. Apologies to the Hiyoko Best Girl gang but I could never get myself to like her...!<","sadness"
"So... are you for private businesses doing what they want or not?","neutral"
"No! That's horrible news!..for Galaxy fans lol","sadness"
"I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!","amusement"
"also, [NAME] just brutal here. ","neutral"
"The only time you're personal behavior should be on the governments radar is when it becomes harmful to others.","disapproval"
"[NAME] damn it","anger"
"Yeah I don't think [NAME] even had to move his hands for that one. [NAME] and [NAME] also destroyed the precision QB challenge too.","annoyance"
"Probably therapy.","optimism"
"Drive safely now.","caring"
"Tbh the floor is probably more comfortable than the seats. Doesn't make it safe though.","approval"
"I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this","sadness"
"There are 1.1K comments right now so I apologize if it’s been said but... government/politics should have noting to do with running the economy","disappointment"
"He's 34 years old.","approval"
"Why do we play NJ so shitty?","anger"
"I found this post under the "sjw" tag on ifunny and it had like 100 happy faces ","joy"
"I'd Post this corrected version right under theirs. Every Time. LOL!!!","amusement"
"Breast? Ah, I like it.","admiration"
"Thanks! There are so many resources available. Thank you for telling me about one that actually helped you","gratitude"
"Twins.. my first time having having a child and I get twins. This is gonna be a ride lol","excitement"
"YESSSS!! The schtick with cameras never failed to delight.","excitement"
"Can't fool me woman!","neutral"
"What is your current relationship? From my experience women younger than 20 always look for older(0-3 years) men.","neutral"
"Yay! Nice work everyone. I love reddit.","admiration"
"Well im sorry that the truth doesnt clear up suspicion but who am i to judge ¯_(ツ)_/¯","realization"
"Have vid to reaction ?","curiosity"
"I see why magic fans want [NAME] off their team.","approval"
"She wantsyou to rugsweep. She's patronizing you.","neutral"
">very good teams and perfect situations Situations such as.... [NAME] at the Knicks? Lmao dude, give it up. ","neutral"
"Oh. Much less exciting than the edit. We live inside the fungus.","annoyance"
"Is she the favorite simply because she is the most recent?","neutral"
"It’s like frank trying to eat that celery","neutral"
">Popular >Secret Choose one.","neutral"
"I've started downvoting people for mentioning meat or animal products in their comments.","disgust"
"not defending [NAME] - just pointing out *one* of the reasons folks may disagree with slapping the socialist label on anyone left of neolib scum","disapproval"
"I don't think you can find a better support line in contenders than alarm and elk. absolutely insane and clutch it's unbelievable","caring"
"True that.","neutral"
"Maybe inappropriate, but [NAME] mamma can get it..... ","neutral"
"Shhhh let them have it, they need this. They are still living in 1990 lol","amusement"
"He’s creepy","neutral"
"Ok, so you're not actually going to rebut anything. Good night.","neutral"
"I can play faster. I just don't enjoy it as much. Might I ask what is your draft winrate?","disapproval"
"Interesting. I recognize way more of the 2019 names than I did from last year. Any hope that means I'm getting younger?!","confusion"
"Yeah would be exciting!","excitement"
"Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance ","disappointment"
"But [NAME] is fine","realization"
"Hahaha. Oh [NAME]. Way to ruin the fun lol","joy"
"Talked about our demons after watching It's Kind of a Funny Story.","excitement"
"Keep voting against your own interests. #maga!","annoyance"
"yuck, I'd be embarrassed to walk around with a black belt if I were actually blue-ish","embarrassment"
"I'm glad none of you are GM","relief"
"This is a hige step! Congratulations, and looking forward to hearing about your recovery. You have a whole new free life to look forward to :)","admiration"
"Well, yes and no.","neutral"
"Congrats, darling! That is a monumentally meaningful accomplishment. I'm both happy for and proud of you <3","admiration"
"It sounds spasticated.","disapproval"
"You miss the sidewalk wing massacres as well I'd bet","optimism"
"Thank [NAME] some people are still willing to thrash brain dead idiots in the comments.","relief"
"here's a nice little introduction video for","approval"
"Thank you comrade","gratitude"
"not worrying about being condemned to eternal hellfire for it takes away one impediment.","neutral"
"That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha","amusement"
"And ignoring how "magic" works in the same way you support your arguments.","neutral"
"That’s what I came here to say! My sister was born in 2003 and writes in perfect cursive.","neutral"
"You did this, YOU DID THIS","neutral"
"They've taken a massive, steaming conversation all over the public.","admiration"
"[NAME]: "She seems useless"","disapproval"
"Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible. ","annoyance"
"You’re the kind of guy I could really dig... a grave for!","approval"
"Time to do a little of your own research now.","neutral"
"[NAME] is from the Bay. I'm sure he believes [NAME] is the greatest of all time as well.","neutral"
"PATS DEFENSE YOU ARE USELESS.","anger"
"Three times a year? Where/what are you eating?","neutral"
"Oh hey, it is!","amusement"
"Okay, I'll admit it. I laughed.","amusement"
"Input: Drink candle. NPC: You don't want to get wax in your mouth, do you? Input: Maybe I do, NPC.","neutral"
"It is being talked about all the time on this site. What are you on about?","confusion"
"Then your goal of having one partner commit to you in any sense is inhibited by that.","caring"
"I like it","love"
"I enjoy shouting this at my husband and our friends when they're being especially nerdy.","amusement"
"I don’t get it. Does r/sardonicast actually believe that BP is highly overrated?","confusion"
"Dude, I'm happy for you. Keep going, you're doing great!","admiration"
"> Again I say it's not the substance itself that is addictive >other food-related addictions I really don't understand","disapproval"
"I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(","optimism"
"that sounds fun!","amusement"
"I find porn disgusting and boring, could this be a sign I'm asexual?","curiosity"
"He has like a million jobs though","neutral"
"Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...","sadness"
"yup, it sounds ridiculous","amusement"
"Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!","gratitude"
"Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.","admiration"
"Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :) ","joy"
"It's "Lo and behold" just fyi","admiration"
"Gotta love these kids! When they do or say the cutest things like that, it really makes u melt....... Enjoy OP!!!","admiration"
"Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read","gratitude"
"Thanks love you","gratitude"
"Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.","curiosity"
"it's weird how all of these people who are *so* much smarter than successful people can never seem to make anything of themselves","annoyance"
"She wants to connect, alright. With your wallet.","annoyance"
"Sphh, that was badass. I say that went well.","neutral"
"Because you can totally decide what's harrasing and what isn't for other people.","approval"
"Really? that's very interesting","admiration"
"Oh, it’s only made them more determined to invent the “creepy [NAME]” narrative themselves.","annoyance"
"And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.","disapproval"
"This comment right here, officer, provoked the murder.","realization"
"so she's not only stealing kids but fingering her cousin as well? She's pretty wild","nervousness"
"[NAME] focus on local politics since it's the easiest to hide your cheating and corruption down there.","disapproval"
"Whatever it is it’s not even worth hearing","neutral"
"Yep, especially if the mob on reddit is any indication of the group-think that’s going on in 2019.","realization"
"I'm guessing this talk will be gated behind the expo pass at GDC. Do these become (legitimately) publicly available after the event?","curiosity"
"I'm going with 720. She is like [NAME]!","neutral"
"Are you this awful about everything that isn't your own preference?","surprise"
"ADA does not apply in Canada, not sure if you saw the edit.","confusion"
"Reaching parity with Steam's 15 year legacy in a single year would be an amazing effort.","admiration"
"She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.","caring"
"No worries. I'll look into this for sure.","approval"
"Thank. Regardless, the fact that you can stay at 1mg kpins is fantastic","gratitude"
"Meow-meow smiles upon all of this.","neutral"
"LOL this. I would love to see that.","amusement"
"I must break you!","neutral"
"Death will come in the end. Live while you can. Life is a once in an eternity opportunity.","optimism"
"How to pretend to be the woman who had her face ripped off by Travis the chimp","confusion"
"I had a blast watching it and am glad you did too!","amusement"
"I wasn't digging it and then [NAME] did her spiritual spacewalk. I almost walked out.","confusion"
"Hahaha the first fall is the best ha","amusement"
"Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it. ","admiration"
"They are, but they're rarer than winning the lottery on Christmas. That looks so shiny.","admiration"
"Calm and chill","neutral"
"I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.","disgust"
"Nice, i have the crown help me and the 309. Can you compare it to those?","curiosity"
"Fucking love [NAME]. [NAME] best couple don't @ me","admiration"
"Lolz yeah you got me for sure. That's another huge reason.","amusement"
"Glad someone appreciates it! This was a lot of work.","joy"
"So, the kicker... her brother played on Xbox so that's the console she had claimed to play on!","disappointment"
"Thank you so much. It means a lot to me and I really appreciate it","admiration"
"The irony of you guys using an American website created because of capitalism is funny","amusement"
">Cars kill more people than guns Way, way more people. Alcohol too.","sadness"
"Nah no offence taken! Just trying to keep things civil HAHAHA, it’s all good my man. ","amusement"
"And now she works for King5 Seattle. She must have only needed to focus on being a Mom for a couple months.","neutral"
"This’ll get [NAME] pumped to come over!","neutral"
""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."","neutral"
"Yes indeed, the “just a joke, bro” ship sailed long ago. ","amusement"
"Make nachos, get a beer, and get ready to yell SUEY!!","excitement"
"Thanks i really appreciate it.","gratitude"
"Imagine going back through post history to try and dunk on someone who routinely owns you because you're desperate to be liked.","neutral"
"[NAME] dude... Hasn't anyone ever told you... Never trust a crackhead NEVER! ","annoyance"
"This is genius! I’m going to start doing this now too. Thanks!","admiration"
"I can’t wait to try the cleric class again!","excitement"
"It sounds like that’s the bigger problem here.","sadness"
"Sorry I was being facetious","remorse"
"That’s what I came here to say! My sister was born in 2003 and writes in perfect cursive.","realization"
"The sun has set on the English empire","neutral"
"Lots of botox. That face doesn't move. She has to squint her eyes to indicate to others that she is mad.","neutral"
"It wasn't a good idea then... it's been 10 years, why do you still think this was funny?","admiration"
"slander? it's only slander if it's untrue, and all I said was that you don't grasp satire, which is obviously true.","approval"
"[NAME] the amount of protection that you are wrong *because* you are an outlier at all.","neutral"
"No... There are many ways to prove you are [NAME]. I've heard of people that proved they are [NAME] by showing that their mother speaks Yidish.","disapproval"
"Because our capitalist system is creating ignorant voters by design.","neutral"
"Don’t let the bastards grind you down. I’m so sorry for this experience. No one deserves to be treated that way.","anger"
"what a beta!","neutral"
"lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu","annoyance"
"It looks like you might have some sand in your angina.","confusion"
"Oh you're the life of the party.","gratitude"
"Both look great, but I like the second one better. I'm a dude though and I have no sense of what works for other guys.","admiration"
"What? [NAME] looks like he’s hardly trying and completely disinterested.","neutral"
"Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.","neutral"
"I know right? Getting that wrong would’ve de-railed the joke.","neutral"
"I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot","excitement"
"Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.","approval"
"How cool is it?!?!","curiosity"
"That's why I don't open Instagram that much","annoyance"
"Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)","embarrassment"
"[NAME] was right! Best lipsync so far! That should be a double shantay and holy crap I think [NAME] may have just become my favorite queen!","admiration"
"That's fine. I'm searching for the truth, not just the legal truth. To each their own. ","approval"
"Holy shit that SSP was beautiful","admiration"
"Definitely, too bad [NAME] is taking it as an attack on her when it’s really an attack on [NAME] and his behavior. ","neutral"
"My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.","remorse"
"Lol there you go. Forgot to switch back from your alt for a second there.","amusement"
"Does 'unintentional humor' mean 'I sneered at this'?","neutral"
"The QB said they loved it","joy"
"Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it. ","annoyance"
"Great idea! :) I'd be happy to give her a good reference!","gratitude"
"I believe it","optimism"
"Watched Split. Good but got a little spooked. Unbreakable last night, Glass tomorrow hopefully","fear"
"You’re crazy. The 2nd half adjustments that put them back in the game is why they belonged in the game.","anger"
"April 2018– so this sub is now all about finding the outrage needles in the haystack, eh? ","disgust"
"Well maybe you should think about how other people feel instead of just thinking all about yourself.","annoyance"
"Love is a drug","approval"
"Underrate: underestimate the extent, value, or importance of (someone or something) I think your "correction" belongs here r/Iamverysmart","approval"
"LOL. Glad you noticed.","amusement"
"Yes, this is karma farming and it is disgusting to do that, BUT the title *could* be correct. It probably is made up though. ","disgust"
"I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]","desire"
"According to BluePundit you should delete that if you care about upvotes, lol.","amusement"
"I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.","annoyance"
">![NAME] get the crossbow before it's too late he can't breath oh [NAME] please hurry im shaking and crying rn!<","caring"
"It's amazing that things like this still exist, considering how much English-language education there is. ","admiration"
"I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.","fear"
"I kinda figured it out after I edited that and reread it all. It then sunk in that I got baited harder than a fish.","neutral"
"Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.","optimism"
"Although these are seemingly overpriced, yes, I adore these pieces.","approval"
"Or her girlfriend was a man when she started dating her","neutral"
"Do you have any hobbies? Potential hobbies that you're interested in?","curiosity"
"Thanks for the contribution. Really enlightening.","gratitude"
"Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.","gratitude"
"Thanks, I posted a new one with the source ","approval"
"I'm 35 and never knew this was a thing anyone did until I saw this posted on Facebook awhile ago. It looks massively uncomfortable?","embarrassment"
"The amount of actual debating about who is "best girl" is fucking ridiculous Jeez, y'all need to chill","annoyance"
"How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.","disappointment"
"Thanks. That makes me feel a little less lazy and a little more responsible","gratitude"
"Wha? I’m so confused. I’m so sorry this happened because it wasn’t remotely warranted.","curiosity"
">Cannot predict now Guess it's on you now /u/smackspr!","neutral"
"Female here - Personally, I would love a text that says "I had a good time tonight! Would love to see you again."","desire"
"Wait, are you complaining about the second hit? Dude, you were totally within range. That was one of the least questionable hits I've ever seen","neutral"
"Yeah almost as unfunny as your mom 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣","neutral"
"No, I mean one of the team's home grounds was literally a high school.","neutral"
"it doesn't happen all the time","optimism"
"That baby needs a smacking","anger"
"Well that just means that red hair isn't a valid hair color, just a mutation. We should just count them as brown instead. /heavysarcasm","amusement"
"I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..","disapproval"
"allegedly it from when he was underage. So maybe let's not do that.","neutral"
"Oh, THAT. Yes I agree actually, I found that part rather malicious.","approval"
"He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.","excitement"
"Wait. That’s illegal.","disapproval"
"The mosquito is my favorite plane, quite curious on how it can be set up.","curiosity"
"Oblivion's world was pretty generic [NAME] fantasy, which dropped it down a peg for me, compared with Morrowind's incredibly unique, alien world.","surprise"
"I was wondering if it's Oxford, felt like I walked under that bridge.","confusion"
"It’s not that they MAY not become priests, it’s that they CAN not become priests.","disapproval"
"It’s treason then.","anger"
"Ok ill get right on that. I have all day to hunt. Thanks for the quick reply.","gratitude"
"well, most of them won't even get that far because the second you start explaining it they plug their ears and start screaming about socialism.","neutral"
"#BHAW!","neutral"
"If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.","excitement"
"Lol. That's funny though!","amusement"
"I can relate to that. I cant stay focused enough. Concentration is hard yo","neutral"
"If 23andme and facebook team up, you get a sample and find hee facebook user with the matching sample!","neutral"
"So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.","love"
"Thats a move i havent seen before","disapproval"
"A work on yourself to change these issues. Or live a life without close connections. At the end of the day its depends on which you want.","confusion"
"This conspiracy theory that entertainment scandals break as distractions makes more sense to me every year","annoyance"
"People are kind of turning on it, seeing it isen't just hard, but has a lot of issues within the core design that turn people away.","neutral"
"And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.","anger"
"Compelling argument, in line with expectation","disapproval"
"Dude I love these","love"
"I read it as baby sitter and for really confused at the "she decided she wanted to walk" part","confusion"
"We're in this together! Pandora's box has been opened! There is no turning back!","neutral"
"OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u","relief"
"Well this beats the whole "[NAME] tried to convince the front office to take [NAME] at 1" narrative","neutral"
"What GDP growth? The one that barely broke 3-4% since 1984 and has dwindled to 1-2% to 0 to negative 1%?","disapproval"
"oh happy cake day","excitement"
"Truth. If he had time for another relationship, he has time to pay for it. ","anger"
"Two wrongs don't make a right..","neutral"
"Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food","disgust"
"Good luck verifying them. All of them.","caring"
"[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.","caring"
"I do not, sorry! I am not talented in the ways of making/editing videos.","remorse"
"This is so hard to sit through, I can't believe the swearing from this dood, it makes it all the more unbearable","neutral"
"Dont ask about Missouri. Ask about the towns in South Carolina already disapearing due to rising sea levels.","disapproval"
"Short answer: No. Long answer: Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.","neutral"
"Thank you so much for the help 😊","gratitude"
"Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.","gratitude"
"If only we were in that conference room to hear the answer!","optimism"
"I don't know what region you're in, but it's less than 6 dollars on the WnW website, Target, Walmart, and Amazon!","neutral"
"I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.","surprise"
"Shhhhhhh ... It will be ok, honey.","approval"
""Fake neeeeeews !"","anger"
"wait for spring, you'll see what's the raging boner season","neutral"
"You did it!","approval"
"I am here with you!","neutral"
"It’s actually thoroughly thought through. Thanks for the comment. It’s just evidently not for you.","gratitude"
"Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.","admiration"
"Tag a friend who wakes up sexually horny","neutral"
"For both of you together? The fuck company are you using.","anger"
"Congrats. Having a steady job (and one that I actually enjoy somewhat) is the #1 thing that helped me out with depression/anxiety.","gratitude"
"You can likely deposit this via mobile app if you bank has one. Or an ATM.","approval"
"Honestly, it's a part of goth style to look unnatural/alien/ethereal. ","approval"
"The more I look the worse it gets","realization"
"It’s $7 is what it is. Which thrills me","excitement"
"It's racism. It doesn't make me angry, it makes me feel sorry for their ignorance and yours.","disgust"
"Keep going in this way and help me to control my dreams before in 30 years.","neutral"
"I heard stronger when it came on the radio one day","neutral"
"Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations","anger"
"scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys","fear"
"I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.","nervousness"
"They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work","neutral"
"OmG pEyToN iSn'T gOoD eNoUgH tO hElP uS iN tHe PlAyOfFs! Dumbass Broncos fans circa December 2015.","disapproval"
"- me when I’m definitely not fine but too embarrassed to admit it","sadness"
"That’s is 100% the noise. Perfect!","admiration"
"Fact: Anyone who gives there money to someone looking like this deserves to lose it. Like, wow.","admiration"
"Given that you're not a conservative and this isn't a debate sub, how about you just get the hell out and stay out.","anger"
"Over under pistons score 87.5","neutral"
"Hi, everyone! This is my 13 minute action/comedy short film, JUICY! I hope you all enjoy! Feedback is welcome. ","optimism"
"I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.","neutral"
"I always associate it with a 1985 Ford Taurus going 100 miles per hour down the shoulder lane.","neutral"
"It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.","annoyance"
"Are you being sarcastic for good news? lol","amusement"
"Like racism? No thanks.","neutral"
"> it's not the fault of the mods or uses of this sub. They are the people enforcing it. Why wouldn't you blame them?","neutral"
"# Breeeeeeak me off a piece of that apple sauce!","anger"
"So I'm not ugly I'm hideous","realization"
"Its not... your fault","neutral"
"When it gushed out I caught myself saying "ooof" out loud","realization"
"No I did not. Cool","approval"
"Best not let [NAME] near him, what with her oils and all...","caring"
"I think you responded to the wrong comment.","realization"
"Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.","realization"
"I got bad news for ya'll. I picked Chargers, Colts, Saints, and Cowboys to win. So Eagles might be winning :/ ","disappointment"
"Meanwhile, 1500 a day continue to die from cigarettes","sadness"
"Your pretty late, it was announced a while ago","neutral"
"Oh, you sweet summer angel.","love"
"Why didn’t she celebrate, she redirected that one in!!","neutral"
"The same is true for Oblivion and Morrowind. They still bring us joy, thanks to lots of awesome mods.","approval"
"Great to hear!","gratitude"
"You just watched a commercial that blatantly explains it to you.","caring"
"I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭","fear"
"Too many injuries. I predict he will be off the roster by September.","optimism"
"He was not my boyfriend then, duh. ","neutral"
"Interested in Carlton stuff.","approval"
"Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up","amusement"
"Those are fighting games. Now pick up your pikachu and take a shower little timmy","approval"
"Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.","approval"
"Haaaa! That's awesome! Sounds like my town, Alamogordo, New Mexico.","admiration"
"He’s too old for [NAME]","approval"
"I know exactly who you’re talking about! He has a documentary on Prime!","neutral"
"Oooh, THAT Shaggy! ","excitement"
"she’s a huge mood","excitement"
"I know, that's why I said one of the reasons. The main reason is his uselessness when your team is bad","disgust"
"If you crack the code for getting a city job please let me know.","neutral"
"They're obviously not.","disapproval"
"[NAME] can’t you see, you’re being way too loud for me","embarrassment"
"I perform nostril waxing. It is surprising hardly painful at all. Feels so much better too!","surprise"
"I learned a lot from helping my dad work on his car, namely how to stand very still and quiet while someone loses their shit over something.","pride"
"My phone won’t let me open the article, how much did he win?","neutral"
"Of course. It would mean you owe them an unspecified favor in the future. That would be horrible.","disapproval"
"[NAME] I HATE those.","anger"
"Would destroying the business bring them both closer together?","curiosity"
"Ironic considering the amount of brigading AnComs do on this sub","neutral"
"I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked. ","disappointment"
"Yessss thats it ...thanks","gratitude"
"Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously. ","caring"
"The sad part about this is that these memes are more Gen Z if anything...","sadness"
"I think that's a minority, not the majority there.","neutral"
"I’m gonna love it if that happens to me","neutral"
"Yes he is a very good pup check out his insta if u want its in the post","admiration"
"If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it","sadness"
"Both. lol","amusement"
"Yessss. Wake up girl.","excitement"
"Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.","approval"
"Get in, I'll tune in now","approval"
"It just never got weird enough..","fear"
"Somebody Knows Something Up and Vanished Serial This American Life","neutral"
"I love you","love"
"I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.","sadness"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.","anger"
"Because it shows that every other woman on earth has rejected him.","neutral"
"I'll happily answer this question if you provide a social norm to discuss. I really loath philosophical round-a-bouts on reddit.","neutral"
"I love the twist you did on the “it’s all gravy” idiom. Definitely saving this comment to refer back to when I need life advice","love"
"Kid thinks he’s [NAME]! Mmm... Pound cake...","neutral"
"I remember that one! She was so proud of herself for all the organization and I just felt bad for the kids.","neutral"
"oh trae turnover then a whistle looks like LP gonna show him the bench :|","neutral"
"Shhhh, let him be special","neutral"
"Didn’t know he had his initials on his thigh pads too","realization"
"Key words: “too much.”","neutral"
"several illegal wars? You seen much combat?","neutral"
"Now the season is truly back.","neutral"
"Thank you so much","gratitude"
"Luckily that is not going to happen ever! [NAME] and I work at a massive university in entirely different sections / different campuses!","relief"
"Supposedly friend's wife is like this. I don't get it at all.","confusion"
"Except for all those companies brushed off in the "and many more" category. Wasn't as lucrative for them. ","approval"
"That actually sounds like it would help, I’m glad it worked for you and I hope you eye is ok now 👁💪🏻","approval"
"I'd love for some kind of throwback jersey game with [NAME] wearing the old-style goalie cage mask ala [NAME].","love"
"Love has no number","love"
"Bro tip: If you try this but still can't find any 10s, you can still have an extremely mediocre threesome with 2 5s","neutral"
"That would be zero Just wait to see their coverage of the March for life.","excitement"
"Is it just me or is the print WAY off kilter?","neutral"
"Most important!!! ALWAYS AIM THE HEAD! [NAME] arrows are pretty fat woodsticks, so keep aiming on the head on long distance. Thats it","annoyance"
"An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.","disappointment"
"Spicy water.","neutral"
"that's awesome!","admiration"
"Not defending the poor choice, but maybe he thought this is what they'd like?","neutral"
"Look at me! I care about animals!","caring"
"Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.","realization"
"Under [NAME], in 2018, unemployment raised above 4% at least 6 TIMES---in ONE year! What exactly are the [NAME] supporting? 🤔","neutral"
"This is turtle thing","neutral"
"It's funny how he even has the same attitude in both shows.","joy"
"I think I'm overly defensive tbh... but yeah this relationship will be ending when I see him next.","approval"
"I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible","neutral"
"Chernobyl incident has scared everyone to death about nuclear, I'm curious where we would be if that never occurred.","curiosity"
"can’t be fake. the woman in the background is reacting to his cool trick /s","annoyance"
"[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck","anger"
"So cynical! 🙄 😂","neutral"
"That's a very long way of saying "I'm a moron" ","disgust"
"Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.","approval"
"She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]","annoyance"
"I’ll never be able to unsee this.","neutral"
"Cool! Tell me more about yourself---PM me if you're more comfortable.","admiration"
"my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.","relief"
"Oh well pain depends entirely on how you die","realization"
"Idk man, some people just have wack combinations. I'm a Yankees/Panthers/Jazz fan, it doesn't have to make any sense. ","optimism"
"Nice try..Hulu exec.","admiration"
">as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!","surprise"
"If you can't see how the mass killing of Landlords is related to Communist ideology, there is really no point discussing further.","annoyance"
"[NAME] just make one shot and we’ll be happy","joy"
"When I opt out it goes back to old reddit, but the next day it turns back on.","realization"
"...Nobody ever remembers [NAME]. If you could see those others, you certainly could see [NAME], which is the second biggest of the lot.","admiration"
"What would you do if y'all end up having kids, but break up later? There's no guarantee y'all will be together forever. ","confusion"
"My bad I’ll try to do better","neutral"
"would be US Biggest error ever","embarrassment"
"Ah true blue love","joy"
"I like The Office but this seems a bit weird.","annoyance"
"I support abortion","neutral"
"May [NAME] bless your efforts. I wish I could be there. De verdad soy Panameňo.","caring"
"Didn't even realize that the Mazda was a competition. It's always a Camry and Accord.","realization"
"This may be one of those 'pick your battles' situations. Him not paying tithing is HUGE. I would take that as a massive victory.","neutral"
"No link sharing the pics? Mildly disappointed in reddit haha","disappointment"
"Don't grab another slice of pizza. Maybe if they would've eaten the crust they would have not been so hungry. It's greedy and picky.","confusion"
"The comments in there are so nonchalant I can’t help but laugh","annoyance"
"Hmm, were you trying to prove your inability to read, or just your inability to comprehend? Either way, you've effectively done so.","annoyance"
"I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company","approval"
"I like it, more please. ","admiration"
"Omg her fake laugh there. I cringe.","disapproval"
"I resonate with this so strongly. Thank you for putting this feeling into words so succinctly.","approval"
"Lol Jets Skills Comp got taken down due to Copyright","disapproval"
"It’s a terrible thing when someone who doesn’t let themselves laugh has a reddit account","anger"
"I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.","love"
"Man from Czech Republic can't understand why a name common in his neck of the woods is not so common elsewhere.","neutral"
"[NAME] I hope so.","optimism"
"No I didn't. PM me your username here and I'll reach out to you.","neutral"
"The rhyme scheme is amazing","admiration"
"Fuck it, it's time we spend not adding to the debt","annoyance"
"Yeah lol like I'm cool with signing/drafting DL but pls not in the first like 3 rounds lol, much less at 2.","amusement"
"If you have a few well-timed dollops of luck along the way","neutral"
"simply reply "no." sometimes youve gotta be rude.","anger"
"Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”","admiration"
"Uh eat less than you burn per day. Eat a lot of protein.","neutral"
"Who cares about the Super Bowl anymore. Can't wait to check out this XFL league...","neutral"
"Oh baby a triple!","surprise"
"[NAME] is a damn fool. No wonder his ex-wife is his boss and his babysitter.","annoyance"
"Never worked on my babies. So disappointing","disappointment"
"well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs","joy"
"This counts as a problem if you have that many in one day or something","realization"
"So dumb it's genius.","admiration"
"Hope you're havin a good trip my dude! Good vibes ✌🌈","optimism"
"Oh same here. Too relatable. Makes me wonder what 50 year old me will miss about the body I've got now.","surprise"
"I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.","desire"
"As long as he doesn't ask you to get in there with it, you're good to go.","neutral"
"Ah ok! I figured I was getting it wrong.","annoyance"
"Yep. I have a reading goal along with my weight loss goal.","neutral"
""Until I lost my penis in a tragic balloon knotting accident"","sadness"
"Like the [NAME] twins, I guess.","approval"
"cheers for the replies guys. appreciated","admiration"
"I can definitely relate, but I haven’t yet resigned myself to such a fate. Maybe I a few more years....","neutral"
"Here is another extremely informative video about the Wii Shop Channel.","neutral"
"What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.","anger"
"Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low","disapproval"
"I am a 22 year old male... i hope to give mine away to a amazing girl someday...","optimism"
"and it's way better than the shit websites do now.","neutral"
"It is incredibly dangerous which is why there are professionals for this, also these professionals use a saber and not a kitchen knife","realization"
"Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol","amusement"
"It's the donuts done brought ya back, ain't it?","confusion"
"Fuck that doll. Energizer bunny from hell.","anger"
"Lol I love this flair","amusement"
"I love it when kids shut down these tired lines we adults feed them. She probably needed that. Well done.","love"
"Went in to the comments to look for this. Thanks!","gratitude"
"That’s just cruel and unusual. Hook him up for aggravated assault on a police officer.","anger"
"You could breathe air, but if you get common air injected into your bloodstream you will be in danger","realization"
"As comic book guy from Simpson’s would say. WORST. WRITTEN CRIMELORD. EVER....","disapproval"
"If you know it's the right thing to do, it's better to "lose" that person than to "lose" that opportunity.","approval"
"[NAME] is great","admiration"
"Also “he wasn’t even good enough to be a starting pitcher how could i possibly allow him to be the first unanimous HOFer”","disapproval"
"I see it this way also. I have never played Pokemon Go but I feel like DD creates the same excitement.","curiosity"
"Bet flop. Good [NAME] what are you doing on the river.","confusion"
"I find this extremely hard to believe. Living abroad is hard, and most people can hardly fathom leaving the USA, let alone living outside it.","disapproval"
"HOLY MOTHER DUCKER","anger"
"Pfft why pay money when you can get similar negativity on reddit for free","confusion"
"Look what time it is. It's Fuck You, It's January!","surprise"
"The best for a reason.","approval"
"Ooof girl...I thought this was satire at first it was so cringe.","annoyance"
"lmao dana just like "i fucking hate my nephew"","amusement"
"Probably because its likely, unfortunately. The question is what happens next for people that are obsolete.","disappointment"
"All the smut at Target makes me cringe. That, and the very clearly politically-charged children's books.","neutral"
"That's not irony. Just coincidence. (I know this is [NAME] tweet).","neutral"
"I am usually quiet in those situations, but I will occasionally throw in a joke to get everyone laughing.","neutral"
"I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.","gratitude"
"I never imagined the world would get so weird that I *wanted* to believe the conspiracy theorists, but here we are.","realization"
"We moved away from our home town a few years ago. We have no family and not many close friends.","sadness"
"Gets right back on his phone call. I like it. Must’ve been one important booty call.","admiration"
"so true cuz i’m pretty miserable but my instagram life looks amazing","amusement"
"at some point you just have to make some shots -[NAME]","neutral"
"Cus the left doesn't give a shit about people who fought for the USA!","gratitude"
"I think I will try to push through, I guess I can always drop a class or two if it’s too much and even take a break ","approval"
"For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.","desire"
"I’d rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot","annoyance"
"i'd make a great ant farm.","approval"
"No offense, but you are jumping in conclusions that may be as incorrect as blaming [NAME]. ","optimism"
"Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately","neutral"
"Not too much, I’m talking to a girl right now that’s 5 years younger than me lol.","amusement"
"I love assault","love"
"They’re usually not great actually. I’m shocked at this post. Must have gotten pointers from the Bills social guy cause he’s great","admiration"
"What sort of material would actually swell this much instead of eroding or just breaking? Is his ceiling made of rubber?","neutral"
"That's gonna take a fuckton of Eco products.","admiration"
"Damn. Didn't know [NAME] was still making videos.","surprise"
"Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great","neutral"
"Lol nice. I can't say the same yet. What do you do for a living if I may ask?","amusement"
"Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3","love"
"Oh. Much less exciting than the edit. We live inside the fungus.","disappointment"
"Things have changed since then. Now it is known what leave looks like it has no support, so it is logical to revisit the only alternative.","neutral"
"I will pray for your marriage. After we win.","caring"
"hahaha. ask a person u hate for coffee. as an introvert with [NAME]. this cant go wrong","amusement"
"I hate that I was young enough to not remember this but old enough to remember the next Super Bowl....","anger"
"Time heals all wounds :). Get this man a ring!","caring"
"Browns offense has been rough but hes keeping the ball moving.","neutral"
"Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.","love"
"Friends from college is like that.","neutral"
"Well done sir, well done, lmfao","admiration"
"Just so you know the reason opponents were few in the 2018 election is because the opposition boycotted","realization"
"I’m happy I can help.","joy"
"Even that. I have 0 desire to see what happens after TLJ. I'll probably watch the RLM review and call it a day.","optimism"
"Oh boy... it must actually be kind of nice to be completely oblivious to how the people around you are feeling.","neutral"
"Gotta get up by 2 so you can be up by 5","neutral"
"I came here for this. You and your fancy teeth filled with toxic PFAS can bite me!","annoyance"
"FYI, it is still possible to play. You just need to do an advanced search.","neutral"
"I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...","neutral"
"And yet “50 Shades” got a major release...hmmm","excitement"
"I joined a club and that's how I made friends. Try joining a club.","neutral"
"That’s a rad gift.... I cried when he came back from cancer. He was my hero","joy"
"That fellow sure is one hell of a sweet talker!","joy"
"Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.","neutral"
"I thought they were butt fugly","neutral"
"You're dad's favorite? No fair!","neutral"
"That’s better:-) now go get em tiger","approval"
"Yikes hope hes ok","approval"
"I am an immigrant myself, how ignorant of you. ","approval"
"There Probly doing this because we’re for sure gonna tank next year as well","gratitude"
"Yes, I am.","neutral"
"Great point.","admiration"
"Sometimes it makes me squint. It's fine with friends because they just think I'm high. It's not as great with colleagues and such.","neutral"
"Plot twist: they don‘t Want to Go To school","disapproval"
"Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.","approval"
"Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.","relief"
"Nothing seems to intrigue or satisfy me only drugs and thats sad.","curiosity"
"I enjoyed this nearly as much as I enjoy too many pints.","joy"
"> N.E.R.D. & [NAME] - Lemon > omg this came out in 2018?","neutral"
"My mom goes through a 12 pack a day. That’s an alcoholic.","neutral"
"I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.","love"
"I know right, im pre everything but sometimes i paint my nails and people will tell me how much they look like a womands hands.","neutral"
"I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.","surprise"
"All fair enough, but you should start just cleaning your dishes straight after you use them. You'll be much happier.","neutral"
"Yay, coming out is hard, you're lucky that they didnt avoid you for the next month, I'm happy for you","caring"
"I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!","love"
"Well they do have cheap surgery there lol those lucky bastards","amusement"
"Give the mouse a chance!.leave the cat to it.","approval"
"No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul","disapproval"
"Come on [NAME], time to step up","pride"
"Similar to seroquel?","neutral"
"[NAME] can answer this","neutral"
"That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.","realization"
"He's not debating he's asking the questions to the debaters and said he wants to purposely ruin in of their arguments","neutral"
"It's a bitter cycle","annoyance"
"Not in this thread- but I have heard people act like it’s no big deal... don’t take reasonable precautions to prevent spreading it","caring"
"I was going to say this... he endangered your health","neutral"
"Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...","optimism"
"THEY ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!!","admiration"
"Feels weird when something that wasn't bad but not the best back then is now incredibly overrated.","confusion"
"She was going to her safe place in her mind","caring"
"yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt","anger"
"You Libs. alhave you heads so far up you arses it isn't even funny.","anger"
"Hello there!","admiration"
"Trade [NAME] and see if he plays [NAME] over [NAME]. let's see what kinda coach we're dealing with here.","neutral"
"I CANTTTT😭😭😭. That's as bad as you said, it will get better friend. r/oldpeoplereddit.","disapproval"
"Where did people get this? It’s hilariously wrong.","curiosity"
"I love it. She really snapped.","love"
"You can vote for whomever you want even in the general. It's called a write-in.","neutral"
"Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles","love"
"OK, I think I can binge and rebinge the entire run 20 or 30 more times before then, PHEW!","neutral"
"Hey there, I hope you're still with us. Let's talk.","caring"
"you're hilarious. Thanks for the entertainment this morning.","amusement"
"No means no? What does that mean between she and I though? When she's doing someone else","confusion"
"Thats what makes me think OP is secretly the "nice guy" here.","admiration"
"Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.","amusement"
"It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.","approval"
"Can we reply to the Yankees being cheap directly, any time Yankees Twitter posts something new now? ","neutral"
"They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).","joy"
"whhat rene with that hair an...he is the mayor???","neutral"
"The game will come out for the switch this year. Was wondering how they would manage the combat system. Now I know.","curiosity"
"The real gay_irl is always in the comments","neutral"
"This is exactly what I told him. I went the fuck off. Lol","annoyance"
"Nope don't you know? Warden is god-like cuz that bash","anger"
"The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....","sadness"
"I want someone to just spoil every remaining elimination for them.","neutral"
"Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.","desire"
"Bro, you SHOULD be thankful for [NAME] 😂😂 if it wasnt for them nobody would know who you guys are ","neutral"
"Thank you, love. You too! ❤ It's nice to find kindred spirits.","gratitude"
"Only about 1/10 uses is appropriate. The other 90% of the time context makes it obvious and an otherwise good joke is ruined.","neutral"
"Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte","grief"
"The jerk store called. They're running out of YOU!","disappointment"
"[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.","disappointment"
"that's nice :)","admiration"
"That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.","neutral"
"Don’t kink shame me!","neutral"
"I wish to join you on the search, as a source of motivation and friendship (sorry if that kinds led you on)","caring"
"you in the wrong *childhood*","realization"
"I dunno man. I'll forever like [NAME], but slapping the hand of someone trying to help you up/see if you're alright is a big bitch move","approval"
"As a queer man, let me point out the heteronormativity of this statement. I very much sexualized various male characters at various points.","neutral"
"People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.","fear"
"Congrats, proud of you ! Hopefully I can follow your lead and get myself out of a similar situation ","joy"
"I'm glad this movement has occurred. Thank you for your service","gratitude"
"Looks like any time there’s a huge spike in viewers, it’s a crossover. Legends sure has a really pathetic turn out. ","embarrassment"
"Tell them you Reddit while you poop. No one will dare question your bowel movement and you'll be free to share the story!","caring"
"Good [NAME], you are right.","admiration"
"Fucking awesome tournament to watch, well done WePlay, grats to Maggo. The constructed meta ain't that stale!","admiration"
"You didn't come here to debate. You came here to excuse abhorrent behavior.","disgust"
"You could be right!","approval"
"This is so wholesome 😭😭😭","joy"
"this is the best thread ever i s2g","admiration"
"Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win ","disapproval"
"Im sorry that I'm only able to give a single upvote for this wonderful, graphic, and accurate visualization.","admiration"
"Honest question that's all.","admiration"
"We, the fans, are the losers here.","disappointment"
"This is why I'm a communist. Eat. The. Rich.","annoyance"
"Good for you.","caring"
"Myself and Mr. [NAME] agree small breasted women make the best lovers.","love"
"Say what? He has been playing for epsilon till now. Never seen some real accusations on him cheating. I think you should read some more.","neutral"
"We had so much pvp before, during, and after this alliance was formed.","neutral"
"And according to [NAME] even Green Arrow couldn't defeat Cicada. Though wasn't that the non-butterflied-by-Nora-punching-the-satellite version of Cicada?","curiosity"
"You have to watch the live streams.","neutral"
"I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.","disgust"
"The FBI has an age cut-off, so act fast!","admiration"
"I forget it all the time too.","annoyance"
"I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.","annoyance"
"Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode","approval"
"That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!","sadness"
"Sexy teeth.","admiration"
"So you then took that lie and began aggressively cheating on him? Your post history. Wow.","anger"
"as an underweight couch potato I don’t relate to any of them.","embarrassment"
"I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone","anger"
"*pokes head in from Detroit* Hi! *waves!*","neutral"
"I love when that happens. I call it "butt cuddles" and we do it all the time lol!","amusement"
"That was difficult, but not impossible, to masturbate to.","annoyance"
"Thank [NAME] there wasn't a psychologist among the testers","amusement"
"Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare. ","love"
"The dude with the eyepatch is fitting.","neutral"
"Now this is a gem.","admiration"
"Good job Clemson. You're becoming the new [NAME].","admiration"
"hey at least you've got a friend group chat","neutral"
"I try to switch it up, too; probably the main reason for the post. Gets boring sometimes!","neutral"
"You cant post that without proof","neutral"
"I've been waiting years to see them (specifically [NAME])!!","curiosity"
"That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)","admiration"
"[NAME] dammit I love wrestling","excitement"
"I like [NAME]","love"
"if your paraphilia is public facing at any point in your life I think it's reasonable to assert that there's something wrong","approval"
"I love this.","love"
"Reddit I’m blind, what’s the bottom right?","curiosity"
"Four onions grew into one. I have a pic from when I halved it. I'll post it when I'm not working","neutral"
"It's not much, but it's honest work.","neutral"
"My mommas homemade mac and cheese almost makes me cry on how great it is","admiration"
"Plead not guilty and try your luck in court.","neutral"
"That only works for the ironclad","neutral"
"I’ll be there later this year. Can’t wait.","excitement"
"You’re welcome","admiration"
"No like its legit cgi Edit: this comment has some value the entire thread has things to pick apart in it","disapproval"
"Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.","anger"
">Not really a misquote if it’s an exact quote, is it? u did actually leave out the reasoning tbf","confusion"
"Congratulations! I have 8 months and 23 days! We DO recover & we can do it together! Proud of you :)","gratitude"
"That's the slowest [NAME] Mitt attempt ever.","neutral"
"Even if they did that I think their criteria would probably be reserved for the most extreme cases.","curiosity"
"I mean I would be a [NAME] and I’m pretty reasonable.","approval"
"The Russian goal is division. You know, the exact sort of division these people are willingly participating in.","neutral"
"Cheers, I will do ","joy"
"Looks like you just finished eating a shit covered ass.","anger"
"If that’s your experience then fair enough but I couldn’t have a more disparate experience.","nervousness"
"Looks like Venice to me","neutral"
"When it's the same composer, this kind of thing is bound to happen.","approval"
"Here's a way to help. Have sex with a user","neutral"
"I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.","joy"
"Take the child from them! Wtf? Theyre so dumb. You always secure the kids seat!","annoyance"
"I’m gonna research more I bet they’re expensive","neutral"
"We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.","disapproval"
"They do realize that the guy in the first picture is from a musical that mocks the [RELIGION] religion right?","neutral"
"Well done OP for acting on your words. I hope you have a great day together!","admiration"
"More like hold my insulin.. jeez.","neutral"
"Now I don’t blame [NAME] for his way of thinking😂 people like this wtf","approval"
"More like lovely shiny apples and rotten oranges covered with mold.","disgust"
"Exactly! The mob mentality of these people is sad! Let's bring some love and peace into the world!","approval"
"I wish they would just let us stream their music. I have all their albums but every iPhone I get I have to redo the entire library 😴😴","neutral"
"Lmgs and shotguns","neutral"
"i think you misunderstood my comment. [NAME] over [NAME] any day","confusion"
"I must go, my people need me","caring"
"But he was so *hurt* when [NAME] acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin.","disappointment"
"Maybe because those are real, tangible things and not lines of code","neutral"
"Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂","annoyance"
"It can be safely backdodged in duels because of its lackluster tracking. Avoids feint to gb too. People just dodge at the wrong timings.","neutral"
"Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha","amusement"
"I'm trying to understand the cat shirt.","optimism"
"Thank [NAME] for the adult spammers on my susbscribed NSFW subreddits.","relief"
"That was brilliant 😂","admiration"
"Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.","gratitude"
"It is SO gross, I despise him and think he's a gross predator. ","neutral"
"Lol they’re in for a big surprise.. does anyone know how TIMs will actually age?","curiosity"
"That was the only place I saw and their pictures looked horrible. Might just have to go to the source and vacation in southern Asia","approval"
"Thanks. I was diagnosed with BP 1 after the hospitalization as well.","gratitude"
"This just looks like it’s actually from porn lol what is the original context","confusion"
"Bingo! “I tried but those dirty libtards wouldn’t fund it. Sad.” Will be involved somewhere","optimism"
"Yep. He would also probably have had a not insignificant “metoo” moment.","approval"
"Yes but as he has gotten bigger and older it has gotten so much worse.","sadness"
"I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.","desire"
"I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.","optimism"
"To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.","admiration"
"I dont think self-sources work for TIL.","disapproval"
"Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB","admiration"
"Why so hateful. I feel sorry for you.","curiosity"
"I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?","remorse"
"I know how you feel and I’m sorry you’re going through that. But I’m glad you are still here","joy"
" >sexuality shouldn’t be a grouping category It makes you different from othet ppl so imo it fits the definition of "grouping" ","optimism"
"Hope this scenario changes for the better. Else non affiliated scholars might overtake the academia in ushering real breakthroughs that would change the game.","desire"
"Going by it's [NAME] rating though, the district should be leaning blue. ","optimism"
"Fuck this team. I’m done, we all should boycott this bullshit","anger"
"Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.","sadness"
"Wow I’m glad I live in Cali","admiration"
"Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.","remorse"
"So get a job and leave. It's just going to get worse. First the tv then you. Get out while you can","anger"
"Thank you for your thoughtful, insight-filled post, which makes so many valid points.","approval"
"Thank you :)","gratitude"
"Macaroni and cheese Beans Bacon Grits Hash browns Maple syrup Imported Tim's coffee Poutine Hawaiian pizza Beaver tail Ketchup and all dressed chips Nanaimo bars Whiskey Craft beer","neutral"
">marry up tho Except it's more cruel for men now. The men who the said women are seeing are most certainly homeless/broke chads.","fear"
"thank you !","gratitude"
"2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.","amusement"
"Username does not check out then... I think?","curiosity"
"You goatta be kidding me!","neutral"
"It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.","excitement"
"I'm new here. Can you help me understand what you mean? I read Jacobin quite a bit.","confusion"
"this guy is such a douchebag","neutral"
"Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves","optimism"
"The ND vs Georgia game in Athens will be a good one.","admiration"
"The mood changes are semi controllable with medication (at least it’s the case for me). Please seek psychiatric help to get a proper diagnosis.","realization"
"[NAME]. She's always so busy. I'm glad she finally got to relax....","approval"
"😂 I get excited when I see a profile OLD for a state employee.","excitement"
"Excuse me, but define what a "good world" is","admiration"
"hmmm so pretty much the same as the last 25 years.","approval"
"I meant after he first suspected the incest and told [NAME]. He went to Dragonstone as he was afraid he would be killed.","neutral"
"[NAME], now you have my attention. Do you want your fun fact or no?","curiosity"
"My girlfriend and I watch it all the time and love making love while it’s playing in the background!","excitement"
"This would have been a perfect test of those Katyushua rocket water dispensers.","realization"
"Politicians be like yo we cant raise minimum wage because then companies will just replace all their workers with robots...","confusion"
"Trading game items for crypto without middleman xdd","neutral"
"As a Jeep driver, I constantly have to remind other Jeep drivers that 4WD/AWD only makes a difference when driving. Everyone has 4-wheel stop.","approval"
"And then they got shot down","disapproval"
"Wow, now I am sad","sadness"
"3h late comment. have fun at school !","joy"
"LOL [NAME] you're too loveable for that. ♡","amusement"
"When I was in Uni I worked in a call centre. Pay was better than retail but it was worse on the soul.","disappointment"
"I don't even find her that loud or that wild I think he's just no fun.","realization"
"Your welcome.","approval"
"Well that's good. Now, where am I?","admiration"
"Wow, my favorite artist and my favorite basketball player. This video is next level 🌊","admiration"
"Pretty sure neither team wants this, it's a BS rumor","disappointment"
"No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao","amusement"
"I'm making small steps to change my life","approval"
"Thanks for reminding me to never live in NYC","gratitude"
"I heard not too long ago that they had homophobic ads too. They also play multiple ads through a 10 minute video which irritates me.","annoyance"
"She has a vapid look of emptiness in the thumbnail. Like a squirrel. There really looks like there's nothing going on between her ears.","admiration"
"The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!","approval"
"If it was six, I would have accepted it as just some crude humor","approval"
"Tbh as creepy as this post is I was way more sexually active back when I was 16-20 than I am today Kids are horny 💁‍♂️ Idk","disgust"
"Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.","approval"
"Yo so friend canceled on me I got a free ticket today. PM me if you're interested!","caring"
"Also I've heard she owns a bag.","curiosity"
"Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something","amusement"
"Make it the same way and tell her you switched it. If she pushes, just tell her not to eat it.","neutral"
"You're right! What a nightmare.","approval"
"disappointing click of the day","disappointment"
"Ahhhh, the ol' cotton candy hat trick.","neutral"
"Angry little boiii","neutral"
"> Also why I watched the old guy getting stabbed with screwdrivers till he stopped moving! Dnepropetrovsk maniacs? (3 guys 1 hammer)","confusion"
"Who are real "[NAME]?" Be specific which, denomination is the one true denomination?","confusion"
"Do you know why their airships have sirens? Edit: It's LASD","curiosity"
"I can't tell you how happy I am that [NAME] and [NAME] are Polynesian Sauce guys.","excitement"
"But the other amendments were scrapped.","disappointment"
"I don't think it's that simple. There was a lot riding on making 7 and taking too many risks probably isn't the best answer.","disapproval"
"As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.","disapproval"
"Damn, u right. ","approval"
"Lovely. If you have no success in finding a copy I'd be more than happy to post it to you.","joy"
""You're my best friend in the whole world Mister [NAME]." *meows for food*","admiration"
"What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!","annoyance"
"genuinely surprised me, 0","surprise"
"I meant more that he was poor on the ball today","sadness"
"So I see! Very nice. Thanks for the explanation :)","approval"
">Would I pull my gun if that were happening to me? >absolutely","confusion"
"But atacking it over and over again is considered griefing, you wanted to shoot fishes in a barrel over and over and got caught.","neutral"
"Man, what a fool. All you gotta do is if(on_earth) fireRocket(); I'll be taking my 7 figure salary now.","annoyance"
"At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.","confusion"
"Hi u/CareeningDirigibug, thanks for posting this however I am afraid it has been removed as this video has already been posted within the last week. Hope you understand.","gratitude"
"This is not a good relationship. It doesn't seem like she is ever good to you, only manipulative.","annoyance"
"Nothing new is happening. Society never gave a fck about broken men. So it's only natural.","annoyance"
"Don't worry, [NAME]. Her idea of wit is nothing more than an incisive observation humorously phrased and delivered with impeccable timing.","caring"
"The [NAME], a great bunch of lads","neutral"
"I want to thank them for faking my death, now that man will stop looking for me.","gratitude"
"I think it's your choice that determines it","desire"
"Well someone should stop them!","annoyance"
"Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something","amusement"
"PLAY FRONT BACK GO","neutral"
"What a sad post. I cannot believe people actually follow their advice.","disappointment"
"> (pun not intended) Yeah, you keep telling yourself that 😉","annoyance"
"Show me one conservative congressman/senator who is actively fighting climate change to break this stereotype","anger"
"Underrated comment.","disappointment"
"Oh, he was so wronged in ME3.","neutral"
"I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(","fear"
"Stuff like this makes me worry a little less about the future generations.","nervousness"
"It's back up now. Sorry for the mess with moderation, wasn't our fault.","gratitude"
"Great post, glad you had a good time here. Xpost it to r/travel. ","admiration"
"Savannahs? Like 30 lb dogs in a cat skin and they look amazing to boot.","approval"
""Being asked not to rape is oppressing me"","sadness"
"Key that we keep welcoming ~~young~~ international tech talent to London.","excitement"
"It's the infection trying to fight back against the antibiotics.","realization"
"They have disagreed with a bunch of individual calls but not tied it together","disgust"
"Be Advised “stay away from alcohol” Focus on the kids Do not engage on a campaign for justice Get well soon bro.","caring"
"We used to do a lot of terrible shit in the past that’s not a good argument","realization"
"I am secretly hoping for a Vini winner - he deserves it so much, the guy pours his heart out on the pitch","desire"
"Because you live in a desirable city? This isn’t exclusive to SF.","annoyance"
"Hey man skol vikings. Support however you’d like, just as long as you support ","annoyance"
"[NAME] getting so much screentime... she better not be nominated 👀","neutral"
"Tbh if they were hopped up on drugs and harassing employees and customers alike, I would have just called the fuzz anonymously.","annoyance"
"...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].","caring"
"[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs","annoyance"
"No one is required to help anyone.","neutral"
"And how she can’t cry bc of her “expensive lashes.” 🤦🏼‍♀️","curiosity"
"You say tomato I say tomahto.","neutral"
"I'm only saying it because I'm jealous :(","approval"
"That is the argument used in those discussions. There is no hypothetical here.","neutral"
"Orange kitty has a bit of concern in his face.","neutral"
"He’d definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose","annoyance"
"I got an instant win. One free chicken strip. 😂🙄","approval"
"Grew up in the south. When I left for college, I was very confused why people were walking around with smudges on their foreheads for Ash Wednesday.","confusion"
"What's sad is that I look like this and I'm not a virgin. What's your excuse?","sadness"
"This is kinda sad","sadness"
"Exactly why I’m saying we won’t land KD ... but Knicks fans do know a lot about dreaming.","neutral"
"Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.","sadness"
"I can't believe [NAME] is considered an mua and he can find match his foundation lmao","surprise"
"came in here ready to congratulate myself for the hot take of voting for [NAME] over [NAME] before realising that I didn't see [NAME]","admiration"
"Yeah. Like you.","neutral"
"If we hurry, we can still catch the heroin craze! ","optimism"
"There's no such thing as "toxic masculinity" and it is a term used by bigots to hide their sexism.","approval"
"Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.","embarrassment"
"Epic didn’t take the rights, Skybound chose to work with them. Blame Skybound not epic.","disappointment"
"I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.","neutral"
"Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors","embarrassment"
"Ben ghazi!","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry","remorse"
"Fatal accident on the 101 this","neutral"
"I downloaded this album yesterday, and love it!","approval"
"This is not unique to [RELIGION]. There are various sects and denominations in every world religion.","neutral"
"I often give it a game or so just to see if there’s any noticeable factor","neutral"
"That was intense","neutral"
"Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.","disapproval"
"Not possible? Not that I’ve heard of at least.","confusion"
"So everyone’s cool with the corn rolling on the floor then? alright cool.","admiration"
"he's gotta make shots and get to the line...2-6 so far, no ft's","neutral"
"Watch Vegan Gains’ video on that, he had it when he was like 13, highly doubt he was juicing then","neutral"
"So good to see him and good to see he’s doing well! I’ve missed him.","sadness"
"You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot","annoyance"
"Honestly, these are probably things you should have thought about before telling your husband you wanted to separate. ","neutral"
"I mean if it was crowded or rush hour I understand, but I don't see that much an issue if its empty like this..","annoyance"
"Big big hold from the [NAME]","neutral"
"Being ugly at some point in your life doesn't mean you deserve death.","caring"
"I do this too, and it works, but I think it’s largely psychosomatic, right? ","curiosity"
"omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well","anger"
"That was so damn cute. She looks just like [NAME] and I bet it just melts his heart to see how mature that girl is","admiration"
"Is there any attempt to use non-tainted symbol and to steer a non-hateful discourse in order to represent their pride?","confusion"
"Icing on a cake of sadness.","sadness"
"Flair checking in! I love it when they don't change the template messages!","love"
"Uhhh I want someone to do this for me!","desire"
"Thank you! Sorry if this is a silly question, but what is considered low for kms on a used car?","gratitude"
"I love how when a girl flees saudi arabia in fear of her life she gets called a drama queen. This right here is a drama queen.","love"
"[NAME]. Starring [NAME] as the goofy and lovable [NAME].","admiration"
"> they look like such fucking OCs. [NAME] designed them I don't know what you expected. He phones in video games all the time.","disappointment"
"when they finally do eat a decent meal, the will blow up like a balloon!","neutral"
"That’s what happens when you’re from the uk and there’s literally nothing but 1 uk event outside of the pro league and America.","disappointment"
"ooh thems would be nice","admiration"
"I would say that [NAME] is also acting a bit stubborn as he has pretty much shut down the government to get funding for the border wall.","annoyance"
"Like a three dollar forty bag of fresh hiphop?","confusion"
"I’m going to bed nowish, hope you’re ok. HMU if you want.","caring"
"Me thinks you’re responding to the wrong dude. My original comment couldn’t have beeen more drenched in irony.","disappointment"
"When you have a fever yes","neutral"
"Thanks. And I suppose, but I think I gave up on justice. It’s too late. I just want revenge now.","anger"
"I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.","surprise"
"*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.","disappointment"
"Idk I feel like it's just an exaggeration, English is a hyperbolic language","disapproval"
"Okay fine. Still though. Make some joke "maybe we should cuddle for warmth" and see how she responds. ","joy"
"yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. ","disappointment"
"Can't be perfect every night","neutral"
"[NAME] can be her new [NAME] and she is female !","neutral"
"Not big on switching teams yet here ya are switching teams","disapproval"
"Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.","caring"
"I feel you. I hate needles and i'm a type 1 diabetic","disappointment"
"Yep, it's all extremely frustrating.","anger"
"Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?","disapproval"
"Now this is what we want to see for the rest of the season","desire"
"> I'm genuinely curious Sure.","neutral"
"In this case, I don't see a problem. OP's post can stay.","confusion"
"This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for bringing back some good memories!","gratitude"
"I like your style B)","admiration"
"I mean there's some truth in so far as the criticism should be first and foremost directed towards the parents, with [NAME] in a close second.","neutral"
"Don’t forget Kylie 1.0 was in it !!","neutral"
"Wouldn’t that have to be mutual","neutral"
"I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.","surprise"
"i had not even known of a coup in thailand. the last news i remember seeing about thailand was the death of the king.","neutral"
"It's more laid back, which I kinda love.","neutral"
"Ex-Marines are the best.","admiration"
"Men are the worst.","neutral"
"2 more trae assists pls another 3 would be delightful as well","neutral"
"About as much say so as the Walmart employee that stocks the shelves.","neutral"
"This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic","annoyance"
"I feel so bad anytime I see anyone fall on their face... I just want to make sure they are ok.","caring"
"You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this","annoyance"
"Much appreciated, do you not play often?","confusion"
"> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.","gratitude"
"Yeah I think most of what [NAME] says is sensible policy but this would be a step too far.","approval"
"To be fair, people still go on about [NAME] ","approval"
"In an unfunny situation you made me laugh, so thanks 😅","amusement"
"They are high pressure hoses, think about getting waterboarded.","caring"
"Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play","realization"
"It's like muricans don't want to protect their own jobs and are happy to become low-wage dump and burn workers for the owning class.","joy"
"Crap. Absolutely missed that when typing my paragraph mountains. Fixed.","disappointment"
"This is horrible","disappointment"
"I lowkey think they been messing around. It wasn’t a “oops we were drunk moment”. 🤔🤨🧐","realization"
"Good luck. Netflix restricts known VPN IP ranges. Your best bet is a buddy with Open VPN server stateside and open vpn client app on your device.","gratitude"
"& she cancelled the vote in December because she though she'd lose.","neutral"
"The [NAME], a great bunch of lads","admiration"
"I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me","neutral"
"Every time there's a video in my sub box I get really excited and then it's Fortnite. It's heartbreaking.","excitement"
"That’s normal for girls, lol.","joy"
"They took my favorite hair gel!! The bastards! Good thing I took a picture of it beforehand just in case","anger"
"color me embarrassed" I wonder what colour he'd be if she showed that text exchange to his missus. ","surprise"
"He’a establishment trash. I despise [NAME].","annoyance"
"Yo where they at, I want to celebrate with them.","joy"
">Just be glad he didn’t kiss [NAME] mum. that'd make a good storyline tho tbh","caring"
"It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.","approval"
"Let people worship if they want to. It’s time for us to move forward and focus on bettering our own lives","approval"
"Beautiful song and great moment in the story","admiration"
"Let's do the same to the throwing knife then","neutral"
"Don’t shove your “self control” in my face","neutral"
"Thank you for entertaining 24.5M people, Mr [NAME].","admiration"
"Can I just tell you how much I've enjoyed your constant dunking on this guy? Like holy crap.","amusement"
">YHWH >Abba >same dude I knew it","realization"
"This right here... most of the orders I have done on shipt have not tipped. Not sure why customers feel entitled on that platform.","confusion"
"It's hard to respect them as an organization when we hear shit like this. They will struggle as a franchise to win another WS anytime soon.","disapproval"
"I got banned on an old account for no discernible reason months after I had last posted there.","neutral"
"[NAME] loves [NAME], because [NAME] loves America and protects us from the tyranny of evil men. [NAME] bless [NAME]! [NAME] bless America!","love"
"Half the topics on this board are various factions insistent that the other factions are ruining this game.","neutral"
"What is the reason you 2 have only been on 1 date in a whole year? Why cant you just 'see' each other in person?","confusion"
"It's a time thing and also I don't want to get pricked. They are covered in those tiny, tiny spines. ","neutral"
"oh for fuck sake [NAME]","neutral"
"And then we all woke up from our dream","neutral"
"Watched Split. Good but got a little spooked. Unbreakable last night, Glass tomorrow hopefully","admiration"
"Yeah, this guy actually seems quite smart. (But a horrible and manipulative person)","approval"
"Ugh. The Google Plus BB community is the absolute worst!!!","anger"
"Neither are sleeping adults, so it's ok to kill someone as long as they are asleep.","approval"
"that makes it a really bad stand if you're a hero, though, since jojo villains get a +90 modifier to dog-killing","neutral"
"This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.","disapproval"
"I've tried the "peanut butter"...I almost vomited. NASTY! It went straight to the trash.","disgust"
"Now you know which cars to wreck into !","neutral"
"Spoken like a true man. My science teacher supposedly has ramblings about “not touching people.”","confusion"
"I love it in spades","love"
"Well she’s still kind of awful but she’s hilarious. Definitely a huge improvement. I could barely watch her!!","neutral"
"Maybe if he was still on his rookie contract.","neutral"
"They are the modern day Nickelback.","neutral"
"Instead of Rivendell, home of the elves, we get suburban sprawl.","neutral"
"That's some animal cruelty right there, someone help this poor creature.","sadness"
"Hahaha good point!","approval"
"Thank you for your open mind. Stay strong, fight the good fight, and stay educated.","gratitude"
"I got a girl's number at work and we're dating now so all girls aren't like this lol","amusement"
"I’ve seen it too. I think it was an honest mixing of the words.","approval"
"> Just because you're white doesn't mean you should try to speak for white people. That's the joke™","amusement"
"i didn't say u were, i'm power horny not power hungry tho","neutral"
"Ru has so much personality this episode","neutral"
"This pleases me.","approval"
"Poor [NAME] looks so bored in the remakes.","sadness"
"Well that’s definitely a pallet headed to walmart. Why am I not surprised","embarrassment"
"Lol ok. So saying a garbage clip doesn't belong at the top of a gaming subreddit makes me a [NAME].","neutral"
"I figured as much. If I were them I'd definitely be sceptical.","realization"
"[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] big 4 >>>","neutral"
"I love this game already","admiration"
"Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!","disapproval"
"Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.","annoyance"
"Oh wow, [NAME], owchie [NAME], [NAME] to pick one","surprise"
"So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.","admiration"
"Actually pretty :(( as [NAME] since the Hair is one big abomination and it could have been sooooo cool.","admiration"
"WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!","anger"
"I’m not usually into ASMR, but I’ll look into it! Thank youu","gratitude"
"I. Love. This. Team.","love"
"Dear [NAME] man! (Irony intended) You didn't say "proof" you said "evidence"!","realization"
"Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.","disappointment"
"I'd pause and say yes...? Haha.","confusion"
""I CAN CLEAN MY OWN VAGINA NOW!" Kills me every time. ","annoyance"
"This. Literally this post. This post is a good start. :)","admiration"
"I wanted to downvote this, but it's not your fault homie.","neutral"
"I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.","love"
"Ooft! Brave attempt to spin the tories losing in Scotland again.","admiration"
"Thanks, I think you're right.","gratitude"
"I would like to suggest one that's like Would You Rather. More of a dark comedy but oh so good. Cheap Thrills is amazing","admiration"
"This sent chills down my spine. What in the world!! I can’t imagine what they were planning","admiration"
"As long as you do the cooking by the book 😏","neutral"
"[NAME]: "S that D! Shut it down!"","neutral"
"How will identity politics help this situation?","curiosity"
"Only [NAME], their deputy leader, their most experienced minister....remember there was evidence she assaulted a staffer and kept her job as a MP...","neutral"
"I just learned about mukbang yesterday from a foreign exchange student. What luck, didn't realize they were popular outside of Asia.","realization"
"Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks ","caring"
"These are completely unrelated. Please review","disapproval"
"Not to be critical, but “rethuglican” is an awful one ","disapproval"
"u/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.","gratitude"
"I don't want [NAME] to lose her job is all. She's a rare teacher who loves her job and students once you help her out and all..","caring"
"Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)","admiration"
"I have never had an outdoor cat. But I think the accidental death rate is higher than you're giving it credit for.","neutral"
"Maybe if you live in America.","confusion"
"I really like your writing!","love"
"I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.","gratitude"
"Text to speech is a very very bad idea. You do not want to give 4,000 people full control over what gets said out loud on a stream. ","annoyance"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Exactly. I forget what the "killed per year in a school shooting" figure is but it's shockingly low.","approval"
"I'm a doctor. The doctor examining him with severe back pain after an injury should test for sensibility, muscle strength, and reflexes at least.","sadness"
"I didn’t get to watch!!!! WHAT HAPPENED!!!!!","excitement"
"Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.","disappointment"
"Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] why does he have to drag green day into this","annoyance"
"our first series against the dbacks on may 31 may be too painful :c but i hope he finds great success there!!","optimism"
"Its nice to have time to be able to get a job and a new apartment before having to start paying back those loans.","neutral"
"LOL this. I would love to see that.","love"
"That was intense","neutral"
"Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.","annoyance"
"My kind of man","joy"
"If it weren't for my horse, I wouldn't have spent that year in college.","gratitude"
"Honestly tho. You ever have someone order loaded fries like 2 minutes before you close your kitchen? I have. This is similar to what they got.","realization"
"Dad's Army! Lol!","amusement"
"Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.","approval"
"Making you sign a refusal of service waiver is scared of liability. Charging you for it is shady.","caring"
"Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.","neutral"
"I do, in fact, want more from OP’s work history","approval"
"Well, I probably would have been against the Cespedes signing if we had to sign him for 7 years. But that goes more for a pitcher.","neutral"
"Thanks. Ive edited to include the Prophet SalAllahualaihi wasallam. i meant 'people' as in the general people in our lives.","gratitude"
"That looks like some pretty intense “homework”","admiration"
"That CAT driver needs to be held accountable. Lucky he didn’t kill someone.","excitement"
"This guy reddits!","neutral"
"I wanted to romance [NAME] more than I've wanted to romance more than any other character in the series. Such an awesome dude","love"
"I have crowns and I thought I needed a mouth guard but it seems like I don’t anymore.","relief"
"The HMC is pretty big and they don't allow stunning.","admiration"
"There's syrup AND raw sugar on it, smh why. ","neutral"
"She is willing to betray her current BF she will be willing to betray you when shes with you. Red flag don't get back with her.","caring"
"Open a ticket and wait. These next two weeks will be very telling. All we can do is wait.","neutral"
"I hope that's a bug because it looks downright embarrassingly bad","embarrassment"
">*fellow* 18-year-olds Hmm.","neutral"
"I looked at several different websites - mine are not perfect. But I like them. Mostly referenced this website.","confusion"
"is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested","fear"
"Enjoy the ride!","joy"
"Oh [NAME] that's terrible. I hope things are better for you now.","fear"
"YEAH! How dare he ask if you were feeling ok!!!","anger"
"This is hilarious! Sounds similar to my buddy's experience at his gym in CoHeights!","amusement"
"I never said I was brave, I just said that compared to the average great white 6ft is small","annoyance"
"While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.","disappointment"
"> I guess you don't agree Did *you* read *my* comment properly or just jump to the assumption?","confusion"
"What the fuck. Got that song on repeat right now","surprise"
"Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance","neutral"
"It's an unfortunate situation, but it had to be done at some point.","optimism"
"Bringing the bag with you is the ultimate newbie move.","amusement"
"Where do you plan to go?","curiosity"
"Did he beat all the bosses solo? If he did, he's less of a scrub than I am.","admiration"
"Thanks! Clearly I am new to reddit. Thx!","gratitude"
"Dude, let’s just offer them a choice between remaining and staying. Democracy, lmao.","amusement"
"I guess they thought the crit boost was way better than it is?","curiosity"
"Soooo.... He basically just admitted he didn’t get his kid shit for Christmas. What a fucking asshole!","anger"
"Contentedness is something I think we're all striving for. I'm glad it's happening for you, even if just for a moment :)","joy"
"Looks better imo","approval"
"Reject your humanity voluntarily and put the pure hatred, lack of moral, sociopathy and sadistic altitude inside of your soul with no way to turn back.","anger"
"Aye me, it's shite and the folk who follow it all think there cool, bore off","neutral"
"Wow, way to deflate Endgame's stakes *even more* before the movie even comes out.","admiration"
"may I direct your attention to the aforementioned “tin foil conspiracy”","desire"
"I mean going on a dating show when you have a girlfriend though","excitement"
"Hamberders doesn't seem like a typo—that seems like something a person would write if they heard the word spoken but never saw it written","neutral"
"I've unlocked the wrong company truck at a truckstop.","neutral"
"When it didn’t work in r/aww r/funny or r/animalsbeingderps he came here","neutral"
"Yes! Totally forgot about her. Noon too!","approval"
"I wonder what number he'll wear since he can't wear 20.","excitement"
"I believe [NAME] only has control over if the speech is held inside the House of Representatives, not if it will be held in some other place.","realization"
"Can't believe this didn't occur to me until now that [NAME] is [NAME] wife.","realization"
"Anyone else think [NAME] kind of reminds them of [NAME]?","neutral"
"But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.","annoyance"
"She's aggressive in every TLJ fight. She even bullied that poor homeless man.","neutral"
"Can’t wait for the saas drama!!! 😂😂","excitement"
"yea so disgusting","annoyance"
"Ass is ass!","neutral"
"You do eat off them in very special situations","neutral"
"It seems there is strong agreement on all sides that "Nothing changed" now. Is that progress? /s","curiosity"
"It is being talked about all the time on this site. What are you on about?","neutral"
"Damn Replays was pretty solid last year. But maybe he should go back to coaching.","disapproval"
"Only got to watch the third, why did tage get moved off the top line so quickly? Did they even skate together?","neutral"
"I'm not very good at pressing the devils doorbell, but apparently I'm decent at licking it.","disgust"
"I wanna fight freely in a Da shitposting, but I want the bromance more.","desire"
"Great site. Never heard of it. Thank you for passing along!","admiration"
"I’m this close to buying a tweezer and doing my own eyebrows but I’m fully aware it’s the masculinity stopping me lmao.","realization"
"You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time","admiration"
"On the plus side, at least you don’t waste alcohol and wake up hungover as hell at the Lions expense. ","relief"
"Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you","gratitude"
"I didn't know that kind of "full-tang" existed. Good to know. ","excitement"
"can't tell if trolling or retarded. i think both","amusement"
"I agree with you! Just wishful thinking from me I guess aha!","admiration"
"Artificial bacon is always so bad. I think its just smoke flavor.","approval"
"There must be some awful things happening right at this second","approval"
"This post is another reason why I'll never go back to Heroes. The loot box RNG was so cruel to me","realization"
"“Listen, buddy!” “Listen, fella!”","neutral"
"you're hilarious. Thanks for the entertainment this morning.","amusement"
"Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.","gratitude"
"I don't know what would happen if you refuse to use the state in force immigration.","disapproval"
"[NAME] i've ever seen, nice to see that money doesn't ruin a good marriage","admiration"
"At least be honest. These are your videos and have nothing to do with Ontario","amusement"
"That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top","disappointment"
"Well, it's been fun. Time to quit YT.","joy"
"At least you should have helped out since you had rudely interrupted him.","neutral"
"I know my periods coming when the self loathing hits lmao","neutral"
"Sad. My condolences to her family.","grief"
"That isn’t a prediction that is exactly how Crisis on infinite earths played out","neutral"
"I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy","approval"
"That's only slightly less clean.","neutral"
"Puddle... More like pothole. Ironic it looks like NJ","neutral"
"Idk which is worse. The guy doing the project or me watching the video.","annoyance"
". . . Uh huh, interesting","excitement"
"EZ CLAP This is for kids, try doing this:","neutral"
"This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.","curiosity"
"According to Google the quote is from a book by [NAME].","neutral"
"Depends on what else is going on at the time and the state of Britain economically and globally. But these terms wouldn't currently be popular, no.","disapproval"
"I've done it 3-4 times as survivor and never got the trophy. I think I'll try as Killer, will be easier haha.","disappointment"
">This game is dying because toxic people like you ruin it. Speak for yourself","annoyance"
"Satire satire satire satire Please O lod almight plez be satire","neutral"
"So THIS is the Bad Place!","disgust"
"Did you know it inspired a direct to dvd adaptation with the same name?","admiration"
">>So “let them eat chips”? [NAME].","neutral"
"See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.","sadness"
"I hope you bundle up too, Mr. President. ","optimism"
"I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though","love"
"How many times has this ‘football fan’ committed these crimes now. Someone should lock him up.","annoyance"
"May i ask where?","curiosity"
"21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous","disgust"
"As long as you’re not being manipulated into having sex it should be fine.","approval"
"looks tasty did you all take it home?","approval"
"Either's good","admiration"
"We are living in a time of lukewarm faith where many will fall away and become deceived.","approval"
"Yes, exactly. Fix a date and if he still procrastinates ditch him. Or remain his penpal for the rest of your life.","approval"
"Oh got it","approval"
"I used them too, did a great job but they were super expensive.","admiration"
"Now that's what I call projection!","neutral"
"The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.","optimism"
"wow, there's no way [NAME] should 'er scored that","excitement"
"You say weaboo, we say virgin","annoyance"
"You are valued and appreciated","gratitude"
"I'd hate to see the [NAME] be reduced to a drunk junker. You know, like REYS parents are. ","disappointment"
"Lol looks delicious","amusement"
"If you went through the campaign, idk what needs to be explained 😂 ","curiosity"
"It is though, you just want that to be false.","annoyance"
"This wasn’t last year. It was last century! Star Wars had just come out!","realization"
"Holy crap OP this is genius! I’ll be doing this from now on as this is a big problem for me, thanks!","admiration"
"No wonder they don’t want us using the word “retarded”...it all makes sense now","approval"
"Exactly what I was thinking. "Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then"","neutral"
"I miss you big strong daddy","disappointment"
"For cart pushers, I can’t recommend getting good winter/rain gear highly enough. Good socks and waterproof/resistent shoes will make a world of difference.","caring"
"You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.","approval"
"The original argument was that he said the n word. Now the argument is that he just wanted to say it.","neutral"
"This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!","admiration"
"Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].","disapproval"
"Like at the time, he wasn't one of the best defenders in the league. But grew into one. ","admiration"
"But the man has no intention of helping the child... The point of far-right populism is "fuck everyone who isn't apart of my group"","neutral"
"Please refrain from attacking character instead of content. Please take a moment to read our sidebar. Further similar comments will result in a ban.","neutral"
"This sub is going to be so ridiculous until he signs somewhere lol","neutral"
"Yeah almost as unfunny as your mom 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣","amusement"
"> [NAME] My god we have to stop with some of these advanced statistics, it’s legit getting ridiculous. ","annoyance"
"Well one of them is a dirty kimono wearing weirdo","disgust"
"Yours truly, The reddit supplicant. ","neutral"
"You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon","disapproval"
"do you think sanders will be back at 100% after a torn achilles?","curiosity"
"Wow, talk about being [NAME].","admiration"
"We had a train break down in saskatoon people were waiting for an hour. The cops were walking up and down the cars giving people cell phone tickets.","neutral"
"Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.","admiration"
"Thank [NAME] for the person walking down the sidewalk otherwise i would have thought it was a loop immidiately","gratitude"
"i did, but it was at 3 am before i went to bed, so i’m gonna cheat and count it as 2018 LOL.","amusement"
"That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.","neutral"
"Oh sorry if I seemed dishonest. I hope you can make it through your mourning.","optimism"
"big heart to do that, guy probably plays for the love of the game, and you have to respect that","admiration"
"Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.","desire"
"We *shouldn't* have to but if we want our beer then we have too.","neutral"
"He will regret nothing I'm sure","remorse"
"Highly unlikely, but damn would love this to happen.","love"
"Oh *hell* no.","anger"
"I'm in. Hopefully I don't end up on the dumpster fire that is the Oilers","optimism"
"Are you trying to frame me? Let me put it this way: they're all MA'AM!","neutral"
"Wow thanks for pointing that out, haven't heard that one before.","gratitude"
"Did not expect to be over here shouting in agreement with [NAME], yet here we are!","disapproval"
"I think not including a question about favorability of [NAME] was a missed opportunity, given the questions are clearly written by someone involved in the rationalist community.","neutral"
"I know my periods coming when the self loathing hits lmao","amusement"
"Someone should make a religion out of this","neutral"
"it is very clearly incorrect, and it's apparent that your descent into reactionary politics has made you fully delusional. ","disapproval"
"Fair play, thanks for educating me 😊","admiration"
"From a movie point of view, [NAME] works much better, with [NAME] as their adopted kid. [NAME] dating [NAME] of course.","amusement"
"Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies ","embarrassment"
"[NAME] from Always Sunny is literally the best comparison for this dude. He looked a LOT like him and behaved the same way.","approval"
"KUBIAK WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN US???","neutral"
"It's about the cause not individuals. If my death leads to a better world so be it, everyone has to die some day. ","approval"
"That's a good idea! Unfortunately don't have a vehicle big enough, so I'll have to hire someone with a truck.","neutral"
"I'm not a real estate guy, but isn't it normal for rich people to buy nice houses in nice areas?","neutral"
"Comic sans to seal the deal. Love it.","love"
"Sorry man, I have no idea either! ","sadness"
"It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill","sadness"
"Not all. [NAME] is cool. If he ever runs again in the primaries he will get my vote.","approval"
"I got back at him, though. Him and that little boy of his.","neutral"
"I just come right out and admit it. Saves on disappointment.","neutral"
"this video makes me sad","sadness"
"Text to speech is a very very bad idea. You do not want to give 4,000 people full control over what gets said out loud on a stream. ","disapproval"
"why I wonder?","curiosity"
"Honestly nothing, death is an awful part of life. The only thing that can do anything is time. Just never forget them.","annoyance"
"My favorite browns memory of all time was that game !","joy"
"Thanks Harvard!","gratitude"
"I thought they were talking about the cat.","neutral"
"Seriously!? Wouldn't a guy do the same thing if a girl didn't even attempt to get him off?","neutral"
"Idk how to do that on my phone :/","neutral"
"No worries. Glad you like it","gratitude"
"Big shout out to [NAME]!","admiration"
"Jobby is a new one for me, is that another way of saying taking a crap?","neutral"
"Be careful of drugs like MDMA. Often people regret taking it.","neutral"
"Leave me alone :(","sadness"
"They were spewing GOP talking points, not totally shocked since they are Republican Lite after all. Smh.","excitement"
"i think that is called masochism","neutral"
"I wish I had known this when my kitty ran off years ago. 😭","desire"
"> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.","admiration"
"What a load of crap !!","disgust"
"I would guess from multiple communities if they are trying to win the war against the other group","optimism"
"You don't get to decide what is discussed in this thread. You are not in charge here.","annoyance"
"He came to us from a farm","neutral"
"Idiots are downvoting your correct comment.","disapproval"
"LOL!!! Good one!","amusement"
"Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.","excitement"
"Hey good news it works! I'd shove it in your ass and show you :)","admiration"
"[NAME] has some perpetual depression. Nothing makes him happy. Unfortunately I just don't see him succeeding at Chelsea in the true sense.","disappointment"
"> Conversely, Scandinavia does alright. That’s what they said about Venezuela. ","neutral"
"He was 2 when our family adopted him. He's always been a gentle soul, and became even more so with age. ","caring"
"Srs it's so bizarre! There's often someone like "OP is wayyy prettier than [celebrity]!!!" as well. ","surprise"
"Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.","anger"
"It's like he saw it coming and wanted it to be close, so he kept his speed just to show the Xterra that they were wrong. ","realization"
"if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time","optimism"
"Apparently LucasFilm didn't want the optics of it to look like they were overshadowing MLK tributes. Delayed a week for precaution.","caring"
"Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment. ","admiration"
"I will lose my shit on you if you eat in my car. I don’t do it so why the fuck do you think you can?","anger"
"The best part about reading brietbart articles is you know they won't give any facts to support their statement.","disapproval"
"It's a lot of projection. Pretty much anything they point fingers at others for, is something they're guilty of.","neutral"
"i just hope both teams are having fun :)","amusement"
"So much tininess!","neutral"
"lmao he deleted his reddit account after his main got exposed, and now is making an ass out of himself in the steam forums thread again","neutral"
"No worries. Glad you like it","joy"
"Makes it even weirder that she now hates America","anger"
"good cause i don’t want it!! haha.","annoyance"
"how blurry this photo is r/mildlyinfuriating","disappointment"
"I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.","love"
"Did no one notice that it mentions Maryland in the title text, but goes on to talk about Massachusetts in the body text?","realization"
"I'm so sorry about your friend. What was he like?","grief"
"I’m constantly surprised that [NAME] doesn’t hate her.","surprise"
"You know, that never occurred to me! So keep cool in summer, warm in winter?","approval"
"The scooters are fine. It's the people that are the problem.","embarrassment"
"Tbh may have more luck on r/funny","gratitude"
"My bad lol.","amusement"
"Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.","amusement"
"What do you mean by "free game"? Are you under the assumption that the Executive branch can dictate appropriations?","curiosity"
"Yes I was feeling bad that hes friends left him","disappointment"
"Why GPL instead of AGPL?","neutral"
"Cannot confirm i don’t see any dictatorship yet","approval"
"What happened??","neutral"
"Not to mention [NAME] screening two defenders haha","neutral"
"You seem way too defensive, dude.","neutral"
"already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.","disappointment"
"Lmao r/starwarsleaks and r/starwarsspeculation in a nutshell","neutral"
"What's wrong with in group preference? Every other group does this. It's not a right vs left thing.","annoyance"
"I don't get what you mean","neutral"
"A hatred for loot boxes and a desire to get them banned was quite popular on Reddit.","approval"
"When you feel bad, remember his comments on [NAME] throwing the shoe. He sucks.","disgust"
"Strangely enough 70% of women in the work place are queen bees","admiration"
"It would be really bad for relations between the two cities if we took Memphis' NBA team.","sadness"
"Didn't he say [NAME] should cave and give [NAME] his wall money?","curiosity"
"Do you have any data to suggest this?","neutral"
"Someone obviously has not had a good experience with anal sex. But I appreciate your advice and sense of humor at least!","gratitude"
"The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud","disgust"
"My sister and cousin got one. I'll probably say "not even with a gun to my head" if I get one.","optimism"
"they have died here in canada","grief"
"Damn, that was dirty.","anger"
"[NAME] “sociopath”.","neutral"
"It's telling that they're offended by a symbol of equality but a symbol of hate (yes, it is) is fine to them","neutral"
"[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro","disgust"
"Psychiatrist and the right meds help. Just something to normalize those high anxiety days","neutral"
"This is much better! Good mods [T]/","approval"
"This. I saw a life pro tip a couple weeks ago about this. I cant believe how clean my kitchen has gotten.","approval"
"Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move","admiration"
"Hate Hate Hate, feels so good.","relief"
"it is adorable that you think that","admiration"
"I still love Asian women. They will always be number 1 for me (exlcuding [NAME] of course)","love"
"This isnt a excuse. It affected their start last yr also.","annoyance"
"Lol no.","neutral"
"I think my family would leave TSCC if that happened they are so sexiest.","neutral"
"Would you have been ok with a vet min contract on Ziggy with a $1 million per start incentive?","neutral"
"Oh wow thank you all for your opinions, I was just curious and wanted to stare at cool skins :3","gratitude"
"He's being serious but the man himself is a joke.","amusement"
"Now this is a Contrapoints video I want to see","neutral"
"Please feel free to laugh at me if I am wrong but I have seen this movie before...this game is over.","amusement"
"You know the answer man, you are programmed to capture those codes they send you, don’t avoid them!","approval"
"Have you been to one before? If so what is your experience with it? I’m nervous as hell","neutral"
"We can hope","neutral"
"I haven’t seen the episode yet but wow, what a reach.","admiration"
"I’m conflicting I want to upvote but really feel like it should be downvoted","desire"
"an obvious joke","amusement"
"The Xanax thing is burning itself out.Crims don't give a fuck.","disapproval"
"He probably banked on the inherent secrecy of the community and ignorance (on Belgian law) of his victims.","neutral"
"Woah that’s comforting.","joy"
"Aww that's so sweet !","admiration"
"Why are we trusting them to do anything after messing it up that badly?","neutral"
"Umm did you see the guy? Serious question. He looks like he gets into fights at the bar","curiosity"
"I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.","admiration"
"Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.","caring"
"Laughing at "indoctrinated by traditional values". Good luck in life.","amusement"
"Thank you. Let’s not blame one parent only for the existence of a child, or the batshitness of one coparent. ","gratitude"
"Hey! I’m watching this very episode right now! Haha","amusement"
"looks tasty did you all take it home?","excitement"
"It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.","annoyance"
"...and that's the second time I got crabs.","neutral"
"I get hard in the morning from just standing up and my body not knowing where to put the blood. But any other time of day its always sexual","neutral"
"That’s literally the stupidest thing ever If you think that what is stopping it to be applied to more than just bi-sexuality Seems a bit self destructive","anger"
"I actually see this one a lot. "Allergy: fire ants." Me too, bro. Ants will fuck you up.","disgust"
"r/LazyMan. 1080p 60fps.","neutral"
"Recognizing that [NAME] had a weakness for her and exploiting it, is part of politics. ","annoyance"
"Thank you, kind Internet stranger.","admiration"
"I hope you are getting your levels tested! You can do some damage to yourself if they're too high.","optimism"
"So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.","disapproval"
"Definitely gonna go lookin' for that mod.","curiosity"
"Aldi is awesome. Low prices, efficient processes, and treats its employees like people. Corporations actually done right.","admiration"
"I think they think that they have created the best cod ever and everyone who doesn't think that is wrong","neutral"
"I don't about bringing it into the country but CBD is everywhere here","realization"
"Argument a month. I should be so lucky.","joy"
"lol I was thinking the same hahah","amusement"
"You’re probably recalling it correctly! It was maybe 2 years ago? Very ugly & sorted story","neutral"
"There were people who knew about that before Vice. Not me, but people.","neutral"
"If they lightbulb doesn’t change then it’s racist, sexist, Nazi scum. Am democrat just playing along. ","anger"
"Grant us pies, grant us pies.","neutral"
"It's better for the future to suck and draft top 5 than be mediocre and draft 12th?","optimism"
"I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.","caring"
"Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.","approval"
"I love my Red Wings because they're incredibly stylish and I still feel like I could stomp a mudhole in somebody's ass","admiration"
"I have adhd whats so bad about it?","approval"
"Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(","sadness"
"Let's be completely honest though it kinda doesn't","realization"
"*losing hope Loose is what your mom is","sadness"
"Truth is hate. Men are women.","neutral"
"hahahaha yeah you tell him man! fuk da police coming straight from da undagrunnn hahahah just like that song right!","anger"
"I come to this sub to see cool things lol. For me it's a better version of /r/pics","approval"
"Damn it!","annoyance"
">like it's a bannable offense A Singed man has actually been ~~banned~~ threatened by Riot for going support with smite and counter-jungling the opponent jungler.","neutral"
"That's just biased nonsense. There are good and bad constituency MPs in all parties.","neutral"
"Champaign’s a weird town in that aspect..","annoyance"
"I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.","admiration"
"Sure dude. Although I’d say my rate at dispensing profound wisdom is lesser than the rate at which I can talk utter BS haha","neutral"
"But if we go to the FCS right now, and never play y'all at the cotton bowl again, we keep the hat.","neutral"
"Don’t eat snickers on shrooms the taste was so intense and salty I was convinced I’d thrown up","neutral"
"The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.","disappointment"
"Thank you! I’ll look for his art. Btw I have no idea what Faces of Death or Traces of Death is","confusion"
"The salt throwing emote is hard to misinterpret lol","neutral"
"People feeling bad for [NAME], but he did this to himself teaming up with [NAME]. /s","sadness"
"YES!!!!","approval"
"That’s sick!","annoyance"
"Many of them do love LEGAL ones.","approval"
"We can’t have that","disapproval"
"Like women don’t have enough things to be judged on, now everyone is talking about our eyebrows..this is the most ridiculous trend to me. ","anger"
"C'mon [NAME]! If you get this done quickly, the sooner [NAME] can begin.","approval"
"We don't have this problem where I live, we use Torrents ","disapproval"
"Surprised to not see Three Arrows on the list when he went from no videos at all to over 100,000 subscribers just in the course of 2018.","surprise"
"[NAME] is letting [NAME] play 3 :0. That is good news.","joy"
"I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them","desire"
"I’m happy. Does that mean I can downvote?","confusion"
"I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day","disappointment"
"She does seem fully committed. That’s just why I’m a bit confused. I’m hoping she does deep inside. Thank you.","confusion"
"There is no god. *[NAME] is content in own company. .: If there was a god it is definitely not an [NAME].","disapproval"
"Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.","confusion"
"/uj this looks fucking delicious","admiration"
"Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!","love"
"Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station","gratitude"
"No, you're supposed to get angry and yell that you're right when someone corrects you","anger"
"Happy cake day brother!","excitement"
"Great story, but I'm on PC and didn't get a chance to play ;c.","disappointment"
"Is that peyote?","neutral"
"Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you","caring"
"With just coffee and nothing fancy I did love the Komodo blend back in the day.","love"
"Really worried about NISA translating it, but at this point I don't care any more, as long as we get an english version of it.","disappointment"
"Perm what? Seems like it’s like permanent virginity with a haircut lookin like that","neutral"
"PM me if you need more info. Good luck! Its tough haha","admiration"
"It was believable until the “almost got beat up after class” part","neutral"
"Hang in there sister, your body will one day be your own again :) ","neutral"
"Still undecided. May depend on how much an uber costs, lol.","amusement"
"🤷🏻‍♀️ As a wise man once said: he was a bastard in life thus a bastard in death ","neutral"
"I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?","confusion"
"Me too. Scorpion sounds so odd now","approval"
"so she's not only stealing kids but fingering her cousin as well? She's pretty wild","neutral"
"Tell him, that just as he has a very shy person and I told her just to get a pretty woman with a strapon.","annoyance"
"Fake smile always gives dopamine/happiness to deal with stress","joy"
"I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!","disappointment"
"Sure would hate to explain sodium and water to them as they sprinkle salt on their food.","disgust"
"My last name is 4 letters. It's a common English word. It still gets mispronounced and misspelled constantly.","neutral"
"He's likeable but the pace of a game on live tv is too much for him. He'd definitely be better suited as a halftime guy","neutral"
"Worst case, Grab an Uber or Lyft to another dealership.","neutral"
"Maybe one is bigger than the other, so getting more t-time?","neutral"
"he ded.... and why the fuck these POSs have cellphones in prison.","anger"
"I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him","remorse"
"Who should read?","neutral"
"Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad","disapproval"
"I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.","gratitude"
"Every morning!","excitement"
"They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.","annoyance"
"Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry","remorse"
"A run??????!!!!","neutral"
"I LOVED having him; every time [NAME] takes that 18 footer I expect to be automatic only to be very disappointed.","admiration"
"Good timing with the two breweries having just opened up. Gotta check them out when I'm in that neck of the woods again.","optimism"
"Oh look another stupid comment, original but not unexpected.","disgust"
"I guess we both have just had wildly different experiences with the game and how our friends have played it. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","realization"
"no wonder i never noticed because i skip the pilot everytime i restart the series","embarrassment"
"*♪… I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time. ♪*","love"
"Same. Glad it's not just out store.","joy"
"If "everything is political" then nothing is political because it's all the same. You know what I meant by "political".","neutral"
"Happy cake day man!!!","surprise"
"I believe it","approval"
"Love how there are no "non-supporters" commenting here. They have nothing to say. Nothing.","neutral"
"Technically, if [NAME] are right about him, then you already did nail him... soooooo...","approval"
"Get well soon, my man! Keep representing la isla! 🇵🇷","caring"
"Go slowly and don’t pressure yourself but rake advantage of some adult company for an evening out if the opportunity presents itself. Best wishes","caring"
"I downvoted your original comment, but you've redeemed yourself with this one, lol. Have this upvote!","approval"
"This is the greatest thing I've read in my entire life","realization"
"It's just bizarre you would criticize [NAME] on his development capabilities when he's not a developer... His specialties are centered around crypto philosophy","annoyance"
"I can't imagine who IS, the whole thing is so cringe.","fear"
"Sucks to suck","disgust"
"the best places are immigrant restaurants. cheap and delicious food. the better ones are outside of downtown.","admiration"
"Hey, don’t complain. I have 4 and I’m like “so you’re saying there’s a chance!” 😂👏🏼","disapproval"
"Lmao r/starwarsleaks and r/starwarsspeculation in a nutshell","neutral"
"doesn’t help for me unfortunately. i think if anything when i’m on BC is when i experience these symptoms","optimism"
"wtf i hate [NAME] now","anger"
"Strangely enough, the student debt still counts. Yet another sign civilization is doomed. ","neutral"
"Cut your nalis, i hate it","disapproval"
"9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.","neutral"
"Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.","fear"
"I like to support anybody who supports veganism, especially at places like this, to show them their is a demand, and a future for it","neutral"
"No, just illness, as long as it does less harm than good. ","disapproval"
"What was the drama in Dallas? I didn't hear.","neutral"
"My nipples are rock hard right now, just ruined my shirt. ","neutral"
"I got through it when I got home, thanks! :)","gratitude"
"Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids","amusement"
"Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.","neutral"
"I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!","excitement"
"Oi us cancers don’t want him either! We respectfully pass his birthday to April","caring"
"I understand. Sorry that happened to you. Stay strong!","caring"
""Ummmmm *Eeyore*? Duh?" *sighs violently, rubs temples* (This is when I leave before I do/say something stupid)","neutral"
"Don’t you guys want to get off with me?","confusion"
"I'm an inspiring man","admiration"
"Just seems a little much for -40 downvotes. Seems like people are offended. I just don't get it","sadness"
"What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that","anger"
"The joke's on them, because I'm too ugly and petty to have a wife!","amusement"
"See the Imperial Sourcebook from West End Games. That right there will show just how awful a regime the Empire was.","disgust"
"I spent a good portion of my childhood in Arizona and Colorado. I love the rain and greenery here in Oregon","joy"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"I'm just saying you are demanding things of us while being nasty yourself.","curiosity"
"Yeah, something them young‘ns won’t remember ","neutral"
"Deservedly so too. Tbh I think you must be the favourites.","excitement"
"Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.","approval"
"I’d give this comment a gold if I could!! Yes, as a husband here, there’s no better reward!","admiration"
"Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon","disapproval"
"It's very rare that I have literally no idea who a player is, but here's one.","confusion"
"Damn, I fell for the myth. Thanks for pointing it out.","gratitude"
"Darth Plagueis Trilogy AND KOTOR Tv Show &#x200B; (The fallen jedi Animation) &#x200B; ♥\_♥ Let me DREAM ","neutral"
"Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!","excitement"
"We really didn’t!","neutral"
"Are you retarded?","annoyance"
"This is petty af but I'm in","approval"
"wasn't that a while back?","confusion"
"Yeah... major design flaw.","neutral"
"17.5 i pm what i got at 18","approval"
"Yeah, that would be one value combo he would shove that she is beating.","approval"
"Thanks for the recommendation! By this point I should just start a list. :D","gratitude"
"Yes, and you must be a loonbag. ","neutral"
"Ugh. This is horrifying. Thank you for sharing.","fear"
"Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.","approval"
"No probs. I'm going to see if some of the smaller communities can add it as a resource to their tabs","optimism"
"Ahhh. A civil and interesting conversation on the internet. How refreshing.","admiration"
"Ok I tried to search the sub... is it too late to get a flair? It won’t work for me","approval"
"Lol that’s incredible! PLO is such an amazing game, so much more entertaining than NLH. Good job pal. ","amusement"
"Get the hell out! I will need to rewind this. Held her hand?? That’s scandalous.","anger"
"Ground vehicles too it seems. Obviously wouldn’t be a problem if the game shipped complete with proper vehicle customization.","neutral"
"Are we talking about [NAME] or [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Sweet. This is the perfect article for my question.","neutral"
"Beverly Hills. They did a whole season about UNDERWEAR. I can't imagine why anyone would pick Jersey in this current phase of [NAME] domination.","neutral"
"Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?","annoyance"
"Lol of course its a religion you stoopid carnist. True vegans pray to [NAME] every morning at 5:00 and have to face his direction while doing so.","neutral"
"What's the song name?","curiosity"
"Personally, I prefer my seafood not tainted by oil spills. But you do you!","approval"
"Ok, well the south obviously didn't want to do that","annoyance"
"I never said she wasn't a downgrade. But on r/political_revolution the complaint seems to be that she didn't endorse anybody in 2016.","disapproval"
"WON ME 1K LAST GAME IN PARLAY!!","neutral"
"I feel more attracted to boys. It's not a conscious choice.","neutral"
"Mauston and Monticello were the beginning and end of my hope","admiration"
"I don't really understand what you mean 😩 haha Can you explain please?","curiosity"
"> Religion Lol the cowardice that you won't say '[RELIGION]'.","amusement"
"Pensacola Florida 2018 not enough words to describe it. Simply amazing.","admiration"
"Cuz [NAME] sat out lol","amusement"
"Spoiler: you might be depressed, go find out if you are, then come back.","nervousness"
"No one makes it through. We all die. Just some sooner than others.","realization"
"I prefer a good downdoot after a cup of coffee!","neutral"
"[NAME] was better at converting 3rd and 5+ than 3rd and <5 before his injury in 2015.","neutral"
"I miss those lol","amusement"
"He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol","amusement"
"This lady argued with me for wanting a 0 guard on the side for my fade. Walked out.","neutral"
"Guess he should just go hungry then huh?","curiosity"
"Cardinals/ [NAME] MNF. Give the people what they really want!!","caring"
"Unrelated but wow I’m so proud that I can read like 70-80 percent of this because I studied Chinese for 3 years. 加油！在中国你做什么？","admiration"
"Welcome. By the way, so hyped for our game in September. DKR is gonna be rockin!","admiration"
"So many questions...","surprise"
"That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]","excitement"
"Perhaps only if congress was also found illegitimate. Since they are the ones that approved the nominees.","disapproval"
"I hate people","anger"
"That's not the point. It's not supposed to be unexpected, this subreddit simply is dedicated to the memorial today.","neutral"
"I hate it and I love it.","love"
"Not delusional at all imo","annoyance"
"Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.","nervousness"
"Oh lol. Thanks for the clarification. I just thought that’s the texture of the tongue.","amusement"
"Well, there's cubs and otters too.","neutral"
"[NAME] Can we expect to see more tracer after brig nerfs? 🤔","curiosity"
"Find yourself a partner who's sensible enough to slip out of their clothes and find new ones rather than destroy a perfectly good robe.","caring"
"Thank you so much, kind stranger. I really need that","gratitude"
"Enjoy spending yours oblivious and phony, slowly realizing as time progresses how very wrong you are. ","realization"
"Where on earth do you live that newborn non drug exposed babies up for adoption end up in the foster system? Sounds pretty optimistic on her part.","confusion"
"The irony of the photo is that 60% of university admissions are women","neutral"
"I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh","embarrassment"
"Why would they stop magicking away their shit. That seems more practical than a giant plumbing network.","annoyance"
"THANK you. They don’t even know how they sound","gratitude"
"The shitty taste is what keeps you awake.","annoyance"
"I un-ironically love that song","confusion"
"If I got killed by someone while they're stunned I'd uninstall my game.","neutral"
"Oh. Oh shit. It's you. Sorry you had to see this glorious trainwreck.","disappointment"
"You also can’t prove it happened so logically this doesn’t exist and is a paradox that never happened therefore pi = 3.14159","disapproval"
"Well, bless your heart","neutral"
"I feel your pain brother. Just had to put down my rescue pup. RIP blaze it for them!","caring"
"You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.","optimism"
"There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.","disappointment"
"One of the best hats I own is a freebie from a Dallas Stars game. Not a Stars fan but shit it’s comfortable and fits well.","neutral"
"Ironically, I just sense that they are working in an area where this is a ready stream of revenue just waiting for them.","neutral"
"Oh my god. You *actually* asked reddit first? Fucking hell.","neutral"
"I hate people who have the blinders on when it is one of their friends","disgust"
"Mine too!! Always thought it was dyed from wearing mascara, but I haven't worn any in a while","confusion"
"We just watched the animated episode with [NAME] - it was awesome. Quite subversive.","excitement"
"Media often loses me around the point where an incredibly depressed begins the long march to happiness cause I can't imagine myself doing that","neutral"
"It does make sense... I've always had a hard time opening up and I'm worried that that's what's really been holding me back ultimately","realization"
"I agree, thanks for the help and sorry for the late response.","gratitude"
"Why is it ethically wrong for him to lose half his shit? In what context?","curiosity"
"I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.","amusement"
"Ahhh more and more selfish","anger"
"What a pain. I don’t understand the tantrums whatsoever. Respectfully decline or express incompatibility and some of them just explode out of no where! Smh","caring"
"Goddamn I’m excited about this football team!","excitement"
"Can you fucking not","anger"
"Bop employee here. Not GLAD","disappointment"
"Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life ","sadness"
"Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.","admiration"
"Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.","joy"
"They're a homophobe, just ignore them. Anyone who uses "homosexuals" can go right out","confusion"
"Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::","neutral"
"I think you are missing: He's learned from the experiences and has stopped acting that way.","sadness"
"Underrated comment 🤣","annoyance"
"Sub... chill... I see what you did there...","realization"
"Are you hoping to dm or play? I won't say to to a new group!","curiosity"
"Meat makes it taste horrible. Hydrating is also important.","caring"
"Honestly wouldnt be bad if they just removed the handle","optimism"
"Furries would love this","neutral"
"Damn why you gotta do my man [NAME] like that?","annoyance"
"[NAME] learned to fight smarter, not harder. I love her development so much","realization"
"I go to the same hairdresser as [NAME], and she told me we were interested. Dunno how she got her info though.","confusion"
"Someone is jealous they’re not in a union.","neutral"
"You fool, you have no idea that you talked about team fortress all along!","disgust"
"Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!","disappointment"
"This does not have to be juice I don’t think. Six months is a long time","approval"
"They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.","fear"
"Uhhhh, existed... Ever been to Arkansas? It’s boring as fuck.","excitement"
"Please no.","neutral"
"Thanks! Do you think I should talk to her or drop it for now?","gratitude"
"One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink","amusement"
"I don’t see that ending well for [NAME]","disapproval"
"They are bad for your body.","caring"
"Honest question that's all.","approval"
"Damn, maybe its just the facial expression, but she looks exhausted :/","embarrassment"
"Best picture of this I’ve seen so far!","excitement"
"Oh... I read that the fedora made her sweaty... I can't imagine head wear making someone moist. But hey, there's something for everyone.","neutral"
"That’s what babs thinks 😂","realization"
"My lawyer is on it and I have been advised to not speak with respects to legal matters until we have things resolved. Thank you for your support.","gratitude"
"Do people really have that big of a problem with border security? Lol fuckin children","amusement"
"Missed opportunity to put [NAME]","remorse"
"Spiritual shorthand. You nailed it. That term says it all. They've become so practiced in it that it has become meaningless.","admiration"
"You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.","amusement"
"> a complete ham sandwich Love this. Using this.","love"
"Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.","anger"
"That’s what we keep trying to tell TSCC!!! ;)","approval"
"Well one of them does anyway. His sister bites his ankles to herd him while he fetches.","neutral"
"So you're gay, but you hate men? Yeah, good luck with that working out for you.","confusion"
"You forgot blue passports","annoyance"
"Uber is fun and cheap.","neutral"
"Stop doing weird things","nervousness"
"I moved to Canada in 2001 from the middle east. I'm still not used to it. I hate cold.","anger"
"No because all you have done is paraphrased the title of the CMV.","neutral"
"That was my favorite character... :’(","love"
"I dunno. Backhanded compliments in girl world are like professional sports.","realization"
"Hold my beer while I record danger juice","annoyance"
"Yea, a doctor that diagnoses based on how healthy a patient looks isn’t qualified for professional work as a doctor","neutral"
"Yikes. I was kind of excited to get a new [NAME] if he gets last man in but I'll pass on these butt ugly jerseys.","excitement"
"Thank you, you're awesome","gratitude"
"it is adorable that you think that","love"
"Sounds like you want to control what tthey do with their nukes! Who cares if they leave it laying around and let their children play with it","neutral"
"I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.","annoyance"
"It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.","neutral"
"So cringy and desperate","fear"
"Personally I think anyone false claiming Jailor and continously claiming it every night while not being mafia deserve idk like a week griefing ban or something.","disappointment"
"Cool. Glad I'm not the only one who found it weird.","approval"
"The question wasn’t phrased well, but she does look different than her normal self in this screencap","remorse"
"Yep. I’ve done a couple shoots at Hornsby small bore and one clay pidgeon day at Lucas Heights.","approval"
"[NAME] never suited up for a Dodger affiliate.","disapproval"
"[NAME] is way more straight forward than [NAME], she doesn't have tons of mixups and stances etc. Her strings strong but simple with limited options ","neutral"
"Virtus.pro straight into Grand Final.","neutral"
"So then what are the odds the refs had money on the game and a vested interest to ignore calls?","curiosity"
"Cause his value is at the lowest now.. If he does improve and score goals for Monaco, he'll be sold in the summer. ","caring"
"shouldve been a blow out if we made all our FT's goddamit. ill take the win tho.","optimism"
""Electricity scam"? ...and I'm pretty sure [NAME] is not an idiot.","annoyance"
"You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute. ","approval"
""[NAME], meet [NAME]" love that show","love"
"The whole team looks awful yet half the comments in here are still targeting one player.","annoyance"
"You’re absolutely correct","approval"
"The design was interesting. But it had a lot of flaws","admiration"
"Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world","disappointment"
"The local council is gonna have fun removing all those dodgy fillings.","amusement"
"Thank you. If im not authorized to pickup from daycare tomorrow ill get my daughter friday with this court order and the police if necessary.","approval"
"Congratulations, and Happy New Year! May it be as sexy and as prosperous as you could wish for. ","optimism"
"What a political whore Uncle [NAME] is!","disappointment"
"It's been pretty mild in New England but we got a massive storm coming to change that at the end of the week","neutral"
"Thanks man. We had a taste of the storm Thursday. In South Central PA, we are all ready for the shit to fall.","optimism"
"I think not living with him in advance is a big mistake.","disapproval"
"Yeah this is definitely a wooosh.","amusement"
"I'm thinking he ment [NAME] but he's still a karma stealing whore.","disappointment"
"What a fucking idiot lol","amusement"
"horrific clock management too!","neutral"
"That may be true. I was just pointing out that the logic of an appeal to nature is fallacious","approval"
"Dammit I got whooshed","disappointment"
"I totally thought the same thing! I was like, oh honey nooooo!","disapproval"
"I thought we were unlucky for having to put up with [NAME]. Man, you guys got the short straw with Ninja.","neutral"
"Yes no one wants your little failed abortion ruining their meal","annoyance"
"Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.","approval"
"North end pizzeria! Best pizza in town","admiration"
"Yeah well most species don't kill off their own species unless for territorial reasons which we do already","neutral"
"I feel like I’ve seen these before... but when I was very little","confusion"
"Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.","approval"
"Oh I can feel the burn all the way from Australia, even a few months later. Doesn't anyone have a direct source to this post? Thanks","gratitude"
""bussy full of beans" is an earth-shattering phrase","approval"
"you get an upvote for that username! I wish I was a funhammer","desire"
"I really love how he just flung out "dead mum" on the offhand chance your mum was actually dead. High risk, high reward.","admiration"
"This is one of the coolest things I’ve seen on Reddit","admiration"
"That was brilliant 😂","admiration"
"you can be sweet","love"
"Optimism dial at 13, absolute mad man","anger"
"“I couldn’t, I wouldn’t” you said it ;)","neutral"
"I just see yes","approval"
"Remember: lie, cheat, steal and listen to heavy metal music!","neutral"
"Only 7? Wow he's slacking. He must not have very faithful parishioners.","disapproval"
"Seems fun, wonder how she would have ended up if the ca er was not there","amusement"
"I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.","admiration"
"^ This. You know the guy's a liability when multiple teams openly admit to taking advantage of his defensive inconsistency at the left.","pride"
" out yours and his, then work to find ways you can both express yourselves in ways the other will perceive as love. ","neutral"
"Yeah, a couple of quick ones. Seems to be back now (obviously).","neutral"
"One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!","sadness"
"You can request a hand count at bottle drop, I think","approval"
"Genius. I'm so doing this","admiration"
"They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.","annoyance"
"guess nature has it all wrong then, for physical work what he said is undeniably the case.","neutral"
"Way too small, what a bummer. ","disappointment"
"16-37 and 25 fta. [NAME] is so fucking overrated. Volume chucker/flopper in a fast paced no defense league.","anger"
"Holy shit nice block [NAME]","approval"
"I work in customer service, so it's inevitable.","approval"
"Interesting...🤔","neutral"
"Strange how you know they are 16...","curiosity"
"One of my favorite episodes.","joy"
"Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.","admiration"
"Does [NAME] or [NAME] look happier that [NAME] chose to put his hand on [NAME] leg?","confusion"
"You seem fun.","admiration"
"THIS IS SO GOOD. Thank you!!!","gratitude"
"What u doing dame","curiosity"
"Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.","approval"
"Can someone like link me to the picture i’ve been trying to find it","curiosity"
"It is fascinating that people spend billions of dollars on superhero fantasy yet they hate a real life superhero.","joy"
"I love the idea if choosing an outfit based on what kind of person I wanna be that day. Sounds like a fun way to experiment.","amusement"
"[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise. ","neutral"
"So there's hope for the rest of us! Thanks for sharing. What helped you get to where you are?","gratitude"
"Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.","disapproval"
"I had the same thought, I didn’t see anything notable about this at all.","neutral"
"[NAME] or [NAME] could be a good trade piece. We don't have to solve every problem in free agency","neutral"
"Best swimmer outta all my siblings 🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️💪🏼","neutral"
"I would spend money on hots again for this skin !","caring"
"It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now","neutral"
"That looks half decent to me.","annoyance"
"Ngl, I'll probably use the argument you made here with my, ugh, Republican friends once we get closer to the elections.","neutral"
"I keep forgetting she won! Just goes Bob Alaska Aquaria for me until I’m reminded!","embarrassment"
"[NAME] gives me the weirdest boner. I love these guys","excitement"
"That's honestly what I thought too!!","joy"
"Fond memories of one guy having a tub of ice cream for dinner!","joy"
"Also a tacklebox is what you keep fishing gear in. Not sure if the football thing was a reference to that.","disapproval"
"His! Watch out! That cars coming straight for you! Omg guys she’s arguing with ferrah, she can’t hear us help!","surprise"
"“Those floors with *that* paneling? Ugh! Disgusting!”","disgust"
"I find Asian men hot and have dated a few - I'm a white woman","admiration"
"Me too, got off real good.","neutral"
"Devastating to hear of any news like this :(","sadness"
"Well it does appear to be a gold/bronze Cadillac. And I think I see a flat bill in the front seat.","neutral"
"Only after the initial vote is honored and brexit is implemented.","neutral"
"I have, but like I said, I can see women that can’t find love existing, just not in the same numbers as men","neutral"
"thats right i do remember you!","approval"
"Does death count as a home remedy?","neutral"
"Keep it, join the army get promoted to SGT so pops has to stand at parade rest for you in heaven, or hell whichever one ","approval"
"I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.","joy"
"Yeah fucking thanks, politicians back in the day.","excitement"
"Weirdly enough Salad Fingers is one of [NAME] weaker animations, highly recommend ‘The Unfixable Thought Machine’","approval"
"This made me laugh, have an upvote good sir ","amusement"
"Also stay hydrated! That was a mistake I was constantly making too","nervousness"
"She's a masochist and gets turned on by how inconvenienced she is","neutral"
"Looked like [NAME] knee landed on kemba arm","neutral"
"I know they are treated very well, but some of them do die.","grief"
"Burn themall!!!!","anger"
"Me and my brother were both born and raised in SC but both our parents are from MI. So we were raised fans from the beginning","neutral"
"I'd go with "Thanks" and leave it there or maybe ask what exactly they are praying for depending on what kinda relationship it is.","gratitude"
"That literally doesn’t even look like her omg","surprise"
"What's there to disagree on..... it's pretty apparent","disapproval"
"Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.","amusement"
"Is there much of a population? I wanted to play it back in The day and then they changed it into an almost entirely new game.","curiosity"
"great! Whats on your mind? Be open about it,","admiration"
"Especially because [NAME] best piece of comedy on the whole show was her impersonation of Shangela's [NAME].","amusement"
"I did. In a selfless sacrifice that I hope brings ample awards.","desire"
"For I am here with youuuuu","caring"
">I hope that really incredible sex is in your future. Thank you. Also, you should write fortune cookies! ","gratitude"
"That doesn't answer my question.","neutral"
"My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys","admiration"
"Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?","surprise"
"Maybe Shadow Creek Ranch, but I heard it's next to a dump and smells bad.","disgust"
"Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.","approval"
"Okay that makes more sense to me. Thank you","gratitude"
"No actually my therapist is amazing! I've just had bad experiences with doctors in the past. I meant I'm worried the doctor will say that.","admiration"
"Hahahahah, I will consider","amusement"
"oh my [NAME] is this real","surprise"
"This offense is just painful to watch.","disappointment"
"I was looking for this comment, was not disappointed.","joy"
"I’m not sure that asking one person about her opinion on tipping in a country that doesn’t widely employ tipping is solid research.","neutral"
"What do you mean? It would be the same code for every system?","confusion"
"I always laugh at the statement above. "Qualified to give a urine sample?" "Huh?"","amusement"
"I don’t care about the first seed until a week or so before the all star cut off?","disapproval"
"I think the longer the ass hair is the less I want it on my desk","annoyance"
"Sorry about that! Edited with the addition of those details.","realization"
"Spin him with your curls and put him in your pocket Douzy. And toss him in the Alps.","neutral"
"i remember my grandparents seemed to hate each other. my grandpa had a hearing aid and when grandma starting nagging he'd reach up and turn it off.","disapproval"
"me, eating my sandwich, at 12:30 AM last night, after fasting all day.","neutral"
"If being bisexual means I'm in a cult, I'm kind of pissed because I haven't received my cult robes yet.","disapproval"
"Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.","love"
"$1200 gets you a hell of a nice mortgage on a home.","approval"
"Or the pulse night club shooter, extremism is on both sides and to whataboutism is being willfully ignorant.","neutral"
"Ya like I said. Depends on my tup sitch","approval"
"As much as I want to blame the gov for intentionally killing off vets, Im just going to go with laziness and stupidity.","neutral"
"/s right?","approval"
"[NAME] lost her guitar canonically","annoyance"
"Oh, it's thor","neutral"
"We have a lovely new bridge in Edmonton that you can jump off if you don't like it :)","neutral"
"Even [NAME] got sick of grunge","neutral"
"Wow that's just like when I sing it","excitement"
"You were taken care of with stolen money.","neutral"
"YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER","neutral"
"Actually he did beat his girlfriend. Don’t know how far up yer arse you had to reach for that one","neutral"
"Doesn't stop you trying to hold court over on the US sub though.","neutral"
"Poor [NAME]. I like her. I wish they'd show what's going on with her.","caring"
"Is that Riverside, CA? That’s where I’m from! Sadly I was barely a teen in 1993-first time I saw them was Dec. 1996","confusion"
"Literally no one had to hold her beer. They allow anything on this sub.","optimism"
"Good time to reach out to the wife with this screenshot and ask her to please stop...","approval"
"Again, overall, not just for me. ","neutral"
"Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon","desire"
"I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.","realization"
"We really need to go on some sort of winning streak","desire"
"Good luck and Godspeed.","admiration"
"Pretty much same. It’s always me who has to change. I’m the one wrong.","remorse"
"I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch. ","approval"
"She tweeted that the most recent episode was very soon after her second surgery and she was still swollen from it","neutral"
"Imagine this spreading big time, pressuring them into opening the stadium against us so they don’t look like cowards, only for us to thrash them again","disapproval"
"This post is so true Clothes these days are so bland","realization"
"No homo dude nohomo I I I no homo man just no homo OMEGALUL we get it","approval"
"Is that max?","curiosity"
"[NAME], if you're doing an Undertale deal, not having a red heart on your ass is inexcusable.","caring"
"Nice story. Which I guess is why it's #3 in the sub right now :)","admiration"
"I don't think so. [NAME] can't even stand, how can he fuck? ","surprise"
"It really do be like that","love"
"Wow, season 3 is actually out already. Need to check it out","surprise"
"[NAME] missed a wide open [NAME] below the rim. Dude needs to pass the ball more.","desire"
"Or we could just get menus with pictures of food like every other rational establishment. It's so bizarre","curiosity"
"Getting dropped by [NAME] did a number on him🤣","neutral"
"Threats and promotion of violence","fear"
"Sweet home alabama No but for real, is that even legal? You should stop having sex with her.","annoyance"
"Very under rated.","sadness"
"Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.","pride"
"It’s like she’s forcing a fake British accent it’s so strange","neutral"
"Where's my thank you for that flair, hm? This is theft.","confusion"
"Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.","embarrassment"
"Only for those who have that mindset. The rest of us are living in a factual reality.","neutral"
"I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly","disappointment"
"So America and the USSR are the exact same thing to you? Sorry you're so small minded, hope you learn to grow in the future.","optimism"
"Are u gey","curiosity"
"Nice Sir !","admiration"
"This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong","disapproval"
"Thanks, obviously I didn't put my best foot forward here, but we are chemistry sets that are designed for certain activities etc.","gratitude"
"I just want to know what the experience of meeting himself was like.","curiosity"
"Exactly. I have yet to see a plus sized model without a blemish-free, conventionally attractive face.","approval"
"This will be me a year from now. Not fair at all.","disappointment"
"so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.","joy"
"[NAME] went from feeding [NAME] wings on Friday to feeding [NAME] wings today and nobody is in there to fix the stream","neutral"
"You are correct.","approval"
"Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.","joy"
"I’m excited to see [NAME] come in here. I hope he plays some more quality, aggressive minutes","excitement"
"Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.","embarrassment"
"Udderly hysterical!","neutral"
"This just makes me angry.","anger"
"Let's wait for January patch, and hope that your problems will be resolved soon. I have too much fun in this game right now :) ","approval"
"Dang ol Mega-Low mart on frye!","excitement"
"Bipolar symptoms tend to be very fun and exciting, but they can also be very bad and harmful. She should get some help.","excitement"
"Tbh, I think that sub was created because they got bodied here in arguments. ","neutral"
"Why would I do that?","curiosity"
"It's not illegal to be ungrateful. You can't force someone to take care of someone like you're wanting.","disappointment"
"This is why I love Reddit.","love"
"But the mess!!! ^j/k","neutral"
"People who live in glass houses...... [NAME]. This punk has no right to smack.","disapproval"
"I wish this image stop being reposted for 18 million years.","optimism"
"Well hello Mr. [NAME].","neutral"
"already downloading, as long as there is 1 or 2 fun heroes it will be worth it","approval"
"That’s what I ended up doing lol","annoyance"
"Oof I’m glad this was the top post bc I literally came here to post it after seeing it on Facebook","gratitude"
"Kids disturb more and are MORE ANNOYING.","annoyance"
"#But it's their looks!!!","neutral"
"Naw, I'm good, you're already getting your ass handed to you in this thread.","amusement"
"Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.","approval"
"They're hoping that him being found guilty was the news item that mattered, and they can let him off easy now that the attention has died down.","neutral"
"A true internet classic.","admiration"
"Technically they did not. Technically we were forced ti give 1b to 10 Irish constituencies to put them in charge after failing to vite them.","neutral"
"Saw plenty. That is how to be a jerk to a cat. It will enforce bad behavior.","anger"
"Well, I **NEVER**! "Lady, you really *should*."","disapproval"
"agreed....seems that due to plot force shes starting to slip","neutral"
"Good point, I never thought about that. I guess I don't see enough commercials regularly to separate them from just other company agenda videos. Thanks!","admiration"
"Yeah, that's been publically played by them for a long ass time which is why you don't see many people talking about it here.","neutral"
"The dad was in stitches..","neutral"
"I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.","disgust"
"Looks like something you would see in a comedy movie.","neutral"
"I love Simpsons alternative art because it really drives home how great these characters are and how relatable they are.","admiration"
"Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.","neutral"
"I'm the exact opposite. The idea of not existing anymore relaxes me and makes me want to end it","neutral"
"Omg that was the WORST","annoyance"
"Depends on what's causing the hallucinations","approval"
"Sorry, What I meant to say was if it had been worded differently it wouldn't have the same effect. ","remorse"
"Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!","gratitude"
"you go away","neutral"
"Which side story? Thanks for the info!","gratitude"
"Hasn't he also lied about his height previously?","confusion"
"Is this the correct way to dislodge a train? It seems reckless.","curiosity"
"Where do you plan to go?","optimism"
"Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I don’t mess something up?","gratitude"
"[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there","neutral"
"😂 sometimes I love old people. Not always. But sometimes! I ant wait to be an old ass troll saying shit like this.","love"
"When you stop making garbage takes, I'll stop correcting them","annoyance"
"That was years ago.","neutral"
"Organizational Change Manager and I fucking love it and have for 7 years. Still enjoy going to work every day.","joy"
"Yeah I don't think [NAME] even had to move his hands for that one. [NAME] and [NAME] also destroyed the precision QB challenge too.","disapproval"
"I’ve done pajamas before but I think sweatpants would be way too thick","confusion"
"LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed","amusement"
"140 lb man. I could stand on it no problem. Jumping off would not be wise. Clearly.","disappointment"
"Oh there's still bugs? Weird","disgust"
"This guy likes his town - except for the pig blood processing","neutral"
"One of the very few individuals to survive a shot to the head. Very unfortunate since he had a couple of more good years ahead of him.","disappointment"
"I forgot about the "perks" of a growing subreddit.","approval"
"A share house should be alright but getting a place on your own is pretty pricey.","approval"
"It looks a little like my 5th grade science experiment...","neutral"
"I play around 2hs per day since launch. 1/2 Cuz I like the game. 1/2 In hope for a new expansión/fix to get the players back X:","approval"
"It's pretty stupid. Yes","approval"
"Are you invited to get birthday tho?","curiosity"
"I’m not sure how to feel after reading this... I will say that [NAME] and [NAME] would be an attractive couple.","optimism"
"I don’t even like basketball that much. Chill out man","disapproval"
"Sooooo much upper body strength. My GOD the muscles. He's positively rrrrrrrripped!!","neutral"
"Damn that’s crazy it’s almost as if there is a subreddit called r/nicegirls for the exact same thing 🤔","neutral"
"Good morning have a good night me and lucky you! I gotta wait for mine😑","neutral"
"The same Mr. [NAME] to Appeal to the Alt-Right Boogie, yes.","neutral"
"I keep telling you, I just grow sorghum here. ","neutral"
"You were in a movie once!","neutral"
"Oh ok cool so I don't feel bad at all about it then.","relief"
"Yeah let’s sit this one out.","approval"
"That’s pretty accurate","approval"
"Dogs , unconditional love ","love"
"My problem was that Flashpoint ended in 1 episode, when it could've been an entire arc","disappointment"
"Wiggins midrange magic!","neutral"
"Former HUD secretary? I'll bet he'd make a hell of a brain surgeon.","curiosity"
"yeah, thanks","gratitude"
"Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.","embarrassment"
"I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became","surprise"
"I don't see anything about harassment in that statement. Weird.","approval"
"The white thing high up in the yellow square is my uncle [NAME] glass eye. Wonder how it got there.","curiosity"
"And file a report if she doesnt cancel it when i confront her. Thanks for the advice though it’s well appreciated","annoyance"
"LMAO why are [NAME] so bad at this primarying thing. [NAME] and [NAME] are both gonna win their primaries at this point.","amusement"
"My point is we have been shit for the most of the season, today we are just shit in a new formation","annoyance"
"Top female players including [NAME] practice against college men players and get beat a lot by them. I wouldn't be suprised to see [NAME] win even at 14..","sadness"
"I blame framer, I'm sheriff I swear","neutral"
"Thank you so much!!! You are truly a lifesaver","gratitude"
"Oncologist: I have some thoughts on this Centrist: No one wants to hear about it. Pander to someone else","disappointment"
"That’s a weird way of spelling Tobin.","annoyance"
"Chilling to think people can kick others under the rug and consider them burdens to do something like THIS","annoyance"
"Literally anything regarding [NAME] and her weird fans belongs here","admiration"
"This is horrible. I just have one question about your title. Are you implying that hate as a concept is always a bad thing?","curiosity"
"You got any more of that weed?","curiosity"
"How do you play 180+ hours and not know that taunt is already a thing? (Pick a fight, ventriloqy)","confusion"
"Lincoln Riley had no HC experience and only 2 years of P5 OC experience.","neutral"
"Wow. A relevant and amusing Garfield comic.","admiration"
"My fav character","love"
"It’s crazy how invisible, worthless internet points control us","surprise"
"Yeah good life to you too. Let's hope you and your commie friends dont die of starvation and poverty in your glorious communist future.","gratitude"
"Really wow, what a steal","amusement"
"I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.","neutral"
"My cat just attacked me for treats and scratched me on the finger. If this affects my typing, he's in so much trouble.","annoyance"
"I want to SO bad","desire"
"Happy Fellow Confection Icon Day!","neutral"
"Sheet cake did *nothing* to you, man","neutral"
"It was a very nice car, a 1978 Bugatti.","admiration"
"> Crown Four Kingdoms thank you man :)","gratitude"
"Can't wait for episode 5","excitement"
"he's still alive?? didn't he die?","surprise"
"Sweet. I can get by on beer. Cant sit through a comedy show without an adult beverage of some kind.","admiration"
"Stay strong brother - it's coming.","caring"
"What's your opinion of Genji?","curiosity"
"Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.","annoyance"
"AP can tell them to leave, and then call the cops if they don't. Soliciting/begging is not allowed on Target property. ","disapproval"
"I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.","approval"
"I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof","love"
"This is a pure salty thread. Congratulations, dear Sir/Madam.","gratitude"
"Yeah that's bullshit and the complete opposite of what you said.","anger"
"I adore this comment section <3","sadness"
"One time, she punched me in the face. It was AWESOME.","joy"
"What church do you work at","neutral"
"Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”","embarrassment"
"Damn, super glue and band aids stat!","neutral"
"Population control in russia","neutral"
"[NAME]? Didnt have have lots of problems with injuries. He seems to be doing fine now, scoring and all.. But why him?","excitement"
"cheers friend. same thing happened to me 2 days ago. hazzah!","excitement"
"Post the shaved [NAME] bro! #1 guard all over!","neutral"
"I was there too! I remember it was a warm day during an otherwise cold time of year.","neutral"
"Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.","fear"
"So I can’t do anything about it now?","curiosity"
"Don't go pushing your shame on others. I pull my weight my dude.","annoyance"
"She was such a pretty girl, she didn’t need to get all those surgeries. What a shame.","annoyance"
"Diesel engines don't need an ignition system or spark plugs and are easier to waterproof.","neutral"
"I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(","sadness"
"Finally some news from [NAME]. Hope he goes with DAZN. Would love to see him face [NAME] next.","neutral"
"How did such a veteran make such a rookie mistake","curiosity"
"If you wanna spend thousands for every piece of furniture then sure but a lot of people don’t have the budget for this.","disapproval"
"and then everyone clapped.","neutral"
"[NAME] loves rui too afterall","approval"
"Thanks. Those are great suggestions.","admiration"
"Not [NAME]! He had 0.9% kick to selfs so he'll probably keep bunging them in from the goal square and not getting any stats.","neutral"
"Cool! Well I look dumb but I learned something","pride"
"Seriously?","curiosity"
"I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals. ","love"
"I switched to aram/special game modes only and it stays pretty fun.","approval"
"Thank you for the explanation! 🦈","gratitude"
"I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.","realization"
"Yeah I know, it’s just wishful thinking but I would be ecstatic if it came out today","optimism"
"Was gonna hit you with the /r/gatekeeping for that elitist mentality, but you recognized your errors. Props. ","caring"
"Girls be you, Guysndont care about it. Be youand things may go well","neutral"
"Maybe people just don’t like it?","curiosity"
"Purposefully hurt people. [NAME]. I don’t understand why anyone cares.","confusion"
"I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one","admiration"
"Not sure how anyone whos been paying attention could","confusion"
"This guy doesn’t physics.","neutral"
"Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL","amusement"
"Haha! I was right :D.","amusement"
"I think the bottle is open.","neutral"
"Maybe he *did* leave the building. If you can't find him, he could've left without you knowing. Is that better or worse?","curiosity"
"“Whine” is such an *emotive* term to use. It would be ironic, but you’ve been trolling here the entire time.","neutral"
"Yeah it wasnt like we had girlfriends","neutral"
"Lol what are you smoking","amusement"
"I'm either an optimistic nihilist or a pessimistic existentialist. Only further readings will tell!","neutral"
"Don't worry. r/fireemblem is obligated to bash fates whenever it can [NAME] I love the entire scene so much. ~~Too bad it ruined the song~~","disappointment"
"I enjoy shouting this at my husband and our friends when they're being especially nerdy.","amusement"
"Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.","disappointment"
"Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.","optimism"
"What bothers me more is the picture quality of the donut compared to the steak","annoyance"
"Keep branching out guys.","neutral"
"Have you found any of the students with you have common interests?","curiosity"
"If [NAME] hands the presidency to [NAME] do you really think the public will be more accepting of independent candidates?","curiosity"
"Lol, thank you!","gratitude"
"No, he isn't. The last 3 years he's averaged .261 .323 .473 .797 with a 102 OPS+ That's barely league average.","neutral"
"It doesn’t surprise me given that this is the kind of establishment where staff rape the coma patients.","anger"
"Another church stolen from us. That’s okay, we will get it back in the great Deus Vulting. ","approval"
"Thank you thank you!","excitement"
"wow that's amazing. i wonder what that feels like","admiration"
"I used to watch it’s always sunny with my cat. She loved it. Now I can’t watch it without crying.","love"
"I’d rather not, thank you. Seeing her play that evil emperor in that Star Wars movie was quite enough.","disapproval"
"Uber is fun and cheap.","joy"
"Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.","realization"
"Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...","neutral"
"I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.","disapproval"
"Great read, still know a few folks who are still unhappy about the situation and won’t support [NAME]","admiration"
"That's a really cheap cop-out for rather common criticism of those games.","annoyance"
"That was a great episode","admiration"
"It's the [NAME] of hot dogs","neutral"
"It’s such a horrible argument I’m shocked they still use it.","fear"
"First I thought this was a repost then I realized you posted this five times straight...","realization"
"Back to the Future for the win! We need to send [NAME] back again... his work isn't over.","neutral"
"Oh good lord what did I create","surprise"
"Devils Advocate - Didn't the cringe-worthy Nike ad end up benefitting them in the long run?","neutral"
"...they needed upvotes. That’s what makes it underrated.","approval"
"Peep show is so damn good","admiration"
"January 19. At least we won't have to wait long for this one.","neutral"
"Grew up in the south. When I left for college, I was very confused why people were walking around with smudges on their foreheads for Ash Wednesday.","confusion"
"I was just trying to work around the "no rude" rule. I like a challenge ;-)","love"
"[NAME] did say he still has a part to play, so hopefully we'll get to see more of him soon.","desire"
"Guess you dont regard consent very much. We oughtta keep an eye on you","neutral"
"What? I’m not downvoting anything. I feel like you’re coming off a little whiny and paranoid right now... please calm","neutral"
"Ah didn’t know what that term meant. Got bored with all the party terminology. But yes, I guess I am. ","annoyance"
"Enjoying Mummers. I'm from Philly. I kind of terrified as they just used Skyrim music....","amusement"
"Politics are boring. Vote for everyone. -[NAME]","neutral"
"And the Isle of Man!","neutral"
"Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.","neutral"
"Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.","annoyance"
"I’m still waiting for 4 EBT withdrawals marked complete on Dec 7th 2018. Later date EBT withdrawals were paid oddly.","annoyance"
"Hopefully you will be ok.","optimism"
"He chose to live as long as possible until pneumonia took him out. People should have the choice not to live until the very end.","neutral"
"Wow, you’re so generous with other people’s money.","approval"
"As long as the minority aren't "minorities" I don't see the problem. /s","neutral"
"Young [NAME] works to hard for his name to be slandered like this.","admiration"
"Gotten death threats and people compare me to flat earthers.","neutral"
"I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!","admiration"
"Yes, you are a lucky man. Treat her well, for the rest of your life.","neutral"
"It’s ugly. Bye bye and good riddance.","disgust"
"Yeah it isn't the same singer. 'Don't hug me I'm scared' is voiced by [NAME], the lead singer of KKB is [NAME]","approval"
"You nailed it!","admiration"
"[NAME] dumb friends wanted him with the little baddie. and now he's gonna end up back in jail. Oh [NAME] I love [NAME].","love"
"You obviously never seen the MLS playoffs, they make cubo [NAME] look like [NAME].","neutral"
"Happy belated cakeday.","excitement"
"Oh that’s actually seriously a relief, how do you know that though?","curiosity"
"[NAME] loves you. If you are a [NAME] then he forgives you. I like this by [NAME]","optimism"
"He looks like [NAME] long lost cousin","confusion"
"Oh you magnificent person. Yes please.","admiration"
"You all need to move the f out of your parents house!","annoyance"
"Lol it’s one of those right wingers pretending to be a leftist to sow division. They’re pretty bad at it.","amusement"
"When I harass women with innuendo and they politely deflect, they know I am right. At least that's what I told the judge. ","approval"
"Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.","anger"
"I felt that way last year and then the Patriots let me down, so best to take no chances.","realization"
"I agree with you. [NAME] would be awesome here.","admiration"
"One of 30 alt accounts that trolls our forum because he is having a temper tantrum and can't get his $100 out of Qcx right away.","anger"
"Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!","amusement"
"44 is chilly. I'm in Colorado and we were single digits earlier in the week so 50 today was like a heatwave! Stay warm ;)","joy"
"Let’s start [NAME] over him and let [NAME] and [NAME] jack threes with the bench squad","neutral"
"Hey mister!","neutral"
"You are correct, this happens everytime to me","disappointment"
"I know how you feel :( I hope you start getting more good days soon. <3","nervousness"
"Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that","curiosity"
"That’s my point.","approval"
"Lmao okay fatty","approval"
"That, the fact that the photo was taken on someone's phone and the fact they couldn't be arsed to crop it properly...","approval"
"I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.","embarrassment"
"That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.","anger"
"Given the shorts and tee shirts, I don't understand why these guys wear helmets? Is that just to conceal their identities?","neutral"
"The caption is kinda stupid, but I like the photo.","love"
"And oof for the red car","neutral"
"We lap up the bitter tears of misguided young men, some weird stuff in here.","neutral"
"lol that was just bad, [NAME] ","disapproval"
"just bulk until you can control yourself again.","neutral"
"I’m not crying, you are!!! 😢","neutral"
"Too much time am running for it","neutral"
"[NAME] is an embarrassment to this state","embarrassment"
"Eh, its up to you.. but Im not buying your girlscout cookies just because some of the troop drowned.","disapproval"
"Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?","anger"
"Better try next time. Remember to apply yourself and learn history instead of getting angry.","approval"
"That opening is quite terrible tbh","fear"
"If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE","love"
"I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work","desire"
"Suffering from success...","neutral"
"As comic book guy from Simpson’s would say. WORST. WRITTEN CRIMELORD. EVER....","approval"
"Right, that makes sense! I wonder if the person I met in real life would acknowledge he's more of a fence sitter than childfree, haha","surprise"
"Even a Ford dealer? Thanks for responding, I'll likely sell it privately.","gratitude"
"You have one of two options. Let people sign up voluntarily and treat them as brave men and women or bring back the draft.","neutral"
"They're basically our version of [NAME] and [NAME] at this point. Every video seems to involve a dumbass rant that misses the point of the topic.","neutral"
"Sorry, I should have clarified that I meant when they determine your eligibility/payments in regards to the Repayment Assistance Program.","remorse"
"I had no idea this was a thing!","neutral"
"even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win","admiration"
"Eesh, really sorry for your loss.","remorse"
"Screw the watch stuff, I wanna hear about the porn","disapproval"
"I know but it just makes me gag.","approval"
"And [NAME] would never cheat, either! For shame!","neutral"
"Oh cool so you admit to being a pedo.","neutral"
"Well tell me what happened then","curiosity"
"[NAME] woulda been better smh","admiration"
"No because prize drafts still aren't serious play dude.","approval"
"Fear of awkward and inconvenient encounters. What can he do to you?","caring"
"He's likeable but the pace of a game on live tv is too much for him. He'd definitely be better suited as a halftime guy","approval"
"“Legal” and “real” are different words.","neutral"
"We have the problem and just started a group for couples without kids to make friends on Facebook this past weekend.","approval"
"Nokias can even connect to a fax machine? TIL","curiosity"
"I would totally park in front of their house. They have as little right to complain as you do.","annoyance"
"Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0","surprise"
"I had that thought as well.","approval"
"Ah if they went to school together that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.","disapproval"
"Oh. You’re one of.... ^*those.*","neutral"
"But the right to not have your property taken away from you is a right.","realization"
"it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right ","approval"
"That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.","approval"
"i like playing as a good guy' **Lassoes someone and feeds them to some crocodiles for insulting my fashion sense.**","optimism"
"His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere","disgust"
"Love how the cop comes and gives him the old "there, there" pat on the shoulder","love"
"What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things ","curiosity"
"Teen spirit sure ain't what it used to be...","annoyance"
"Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.","fear"
"I'm sure you'd be the first one to run towards a crazy guy with a power tool.","approval"
"Tip o' the pin to u/wikilacks for posting the full Pew article on this thread:","neutral"
" You'd be surprised how meaningful life is when it actually has a purpose like "survival".","optimism"
"Nobody consciously thinks "today I feel like chewing with my mouth open".","optimism"
"Kinda but it’s still a terrible meme","neutral"
"Np good luck!!","gratitude"
"I'm not sure how is this as big an issue as you put it up to be.","confusion"
"If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it","disappointment"
"Let's wait till BFV leaves alpha before we plan the next one. But seriously, that would be a great setting.","fear"
"[NAME] has only lived for [NAME] and [NAME] for now but the choices have been fair.","pride"
"I used to when i was younger, but then i got old and started caring about conserving water. ","caring"
"If I'm dipping my crust, it's in marinara sauce EDIT: I love hot sauce on pizza","love"
"i said first world :)","neutral"
"That makes a lot of sense. I appreciate you taking the time.","gratitude"
"Because you are young and it happens. You feel like you’ll never find someone else but you will.","caring"
"Girls are different. That's a basic fact. I would never crack the same type of jokes I do with my guy friends with a girl.","annoyance"
"That would have made everything else worth it.","neutral"
"Narrow guage is great!","admiration"
"Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.","embarrassment"
"How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.","annoyance"
"Bruh by isn’t [NAME]","neutral"
"What a very "centrist" thing to say. ","surprise"
"Right?!","confusion"
"Like I said please have a great day !","approval"
"I'd say [NAME].","neutral"
"[NAME] belongs to no one.","annoyance"
"dude, your mom is a fuck-nugget, i’m so sorry you’re dealing with this ","remorse"
"Do I complain when the for profit website is linked on here daily?","neutral"
"Excited for season 3 too. Winter is getting too cold","excitement"
"If it's an unregistered payg sim then how exactly are they going to catch anyone?","curiosity"
"literally wasn’t the worst effort of the season","approval"
"Didn't you get the PM? Post to /r/CatsWithJobs instead. Edit: It's already been posted there actually.","neutral"
"hey the 5 riders per van per day are upset","disappointment"
"Get a handkerchief, ridiculously helpful.","approval"
"This is brilliant","admiration"
"That is either very bad or very good.","confusion"
"I did rank them above protista.","neutral"
"Damn. I'm sorry. What misery.","embarrassment"
"Hear it from his doctor. He likely only wants to take benzos because they're addictive and strong, not necessarily the most effective.","neutral"
"*Unfortunately that’s the world we live in now* [NAME]. [NAME] women ruining everything.","annoyance"
"It's not as if she was my supervisor at bestbuy lol.","amusement"
"I hear ya. I got instant Sapphic feelings as soon as i enrolled at university here.","neutral"
""Ma'am, thanks for buying the twine. Have a nice day"","admiration"
"The moment when he turns around and realizes it’s a guy is the point where you have to double down. Assert dominance. Kiss him.","neutral"
"Wow, I drive full time Uber and I thought there was something wrong with my eyes in the rain. Do other people struggle to see the Lines?","confusion"
"It's great you have a friend with the same struggles as long as you both encourage each other to do better. It can be very comforting.","admiration"
"OH LAWD HE COMIN!","neutral"
"That says to me that he believes you are the issue, not his mother.","neutral"
"Ya done goofed","neutral"
"[NAME] isn't exactly a lyrical genius set's be real: that dumbass just couldn't come up with a different rhyme.","neutral"
"Lmgs and shotguns","neutral"
"That's a very long winded way to say 'i disagree'","disapproval"
"Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned","love"
"Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.","amusement"
"Get that double double [NAME]!","neutral"
"A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.","disappointment"
"I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.","optimism"
"I'M MR. [NAME]! HOW DID WE GET ROPED INTO THIS?","surprise"
"Cut my weed usage to a bowl a day, before I go to bed. Braggable for me","neutral"
"And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.","admiration"
"Really wish people would slow down with this one. I wanna repost it for EZ karma, but it's almost always in my homepage","desire"
"!Messageme creepypost","neutral"
"Oh hello there, food","caring"
"Im sorry dude. Drumming Octopuss.","sadness"
"My son isn't old enough to remember his brother and my husband and I feel like that's a blessing.","gratitude"
"Fantastic pub, went there last year as part of the liquid history pub tours. ","admiration"
"You have nothing to feel bad about. It sounds like he needs to grow up and start paying his way.","caring"
"Your name is amazing","admiration"
"U guys are super cute together.","neutral"
"huh. if there’s no pain, you’re fine. maybe just use spray on like axe or something to detour the smell ","approval"
"All women are useless - maybe if you made better choices it would be better for ya","neutral"
"Racial attacks went up after [NAME] was elected.","approval"
"What about every series prior to that? [NAME] was awful vs the bucks [NAME] was awesome. What about the years before that?","disgust"
"You have to try really hard to get banned on this sub.","caring"
"Didn't look that thick either...no snow....this was ending badly no matter what.","annoyance"
"I’m not. Do your research.","neutral"
"My wife would say that all of the above and another dozen more are cheating...and she wonders why I’ve fucked other women...","anger"
"They went to game 7 of the Conference finals last year. Probably would of won if [NAME] didn’t get hurt.","anger"
"Hey, I made it in the screenshot!","neutral"
"Completely dwarfs the £14 billion we send to the EU a year.","excitement"
"Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.","optimism"
"Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.","disapproval"
"Is it a radical opinion to say no two consenting adults should not be able to kill each other lol","curiosity"
"Yo COURTTV bout to get a ratings boost.","excitement"
"I can't stand when a team member has no shoes, the sound drowns out other sounds for me and its just incredibly annoying to listen to all game","anger"
"I’m drunk!!","neutral"
"OMG! I need to make these. This looks so good!","admiration"
"sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂","amusement"
"You do not get my math? Because my comment and your comment are saying the same thing; women over 45 probably do not want bio kids.","neutral"
"Amazing. It looks like a penis and a vagina at the same time.","excitement"
"Nobody, thinks desi is offensive. Source : I am Indian. ","disapproval"
"If if just didn't have the punchline poisoning title...","neutral"
"I cannot sadly, good luck though.","sadness"
"Honestly, whatever kills the hangover. I do bacon mac n cheese and a spinach smoothie. Weird combo, I know. ","realization"
"That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.","admiration"
"I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.","gratitude"
"For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out. ","disappointment"
"I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.","disapproval"
"Speaking of /u/'s "If your nips aren't leaky....if you ain't lactating....YOU SHOULD BE FUCKING PRACTICING!"","neutral"
"Because on a visa, I get 3 months of unemployment and I used up 2.5 when I got out of school first. ","neutral"
"That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.","disapproval"
"If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.","gratitude"
"It’s not even bad. Some people love dark humor, especially when delivered in a super serious way.","admiration"
"Meditate. You may need to seek medical help. Good luck, friend.","approval"
"To match the Mets green st paddy’s jerseys","neutral"
"Looks kinda creepy when you keep watching","embarrassment"
"*IIII blessss the eeggsss!!!!*","neutral"
"She likes sending nudes? I mean, just go with the flow and see what happens. ","disgust"
"This says more about what [NAME] thinks about facts than what's true about music.","neutral"
"[NAME] goes to insults when you have nothing smart to say. goodbye","disgust"
"Man, such a shame we only got three movies. They really didn't wrap up all the plotlines.","disappointment"
"Been together 6 years, and I think she's the best person I know. I'm still in the phase where I love her more everyday.","admiration"
"Leader is an aura perk so you can't be affected by it yourself, you can only affect other people with it. ","neutral"
"I've long completed everything I can and spent all my fight money. No Kage for me","approval"
"Not really, I’m not too sure, thanks for asking ","confusion"
"They must do it giving their population and productions but we must remember that they are not the only responsible of their pollution.","disapproval"
"now thats a good use for a glue gun","approval"
"Your smartly worded refutation of the whole of the rest of Christendom has swayed me completely, Rome is the only true home! Hurrah! Hurrah!","optimism"
"My condolences. Lost my cat Zoey over a year ago. I still miss her like crazy. she was only 3 years old too.","grief"
"The pool is closed.","neutral"
"Because I don't like being fat lol.","amusement"
"It happened and I'm very happy","joy"
"> welcome to reality Oh thank [NAME]!","gratitude"
"I absolutely love him. He is one of the two people that I enjoy playing. He has one of the most unique move sets and I like that","admiration"
"Ive never been happier and wouldnt want to live any other way","sadness"
"Ouh shittt my dad is also going to be surprised","annoyance"
"How can I send it to you? I Just exactly recreated it in training arena","confusion"
"Lindt is premium brand, im not surprised by this.","neutral"
"edit: black gays and trans in the ball scene started it, much like a lot of our gay slang ","approval"
"It’s a Shitpost. 😐 Also. Don’t tell me to shut up. You’re not my mom!... or... are you?","anger"
"Once I dropped mine on my foot, so I grounded him to a fudd range for a weekend It was tough for both of us","neutral"
"Old people sure do love their cable news history","love"
"His preamble in his book is written by a [RELIGION] person. [NAME] is pal is [RELIGION]. He loves [RELIGION] people.","neutral"
"They don’t have that on iOS unfortunately 😭 but thank you for the suggestion!","neutral"
"Scotch tape for a leak. You might have better chances just asking it really nicely to stop.","admiration"
"He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.","approval"
"Enjoy :) You won't regret it. The first couple seasons will be a little confusing but wiki helped me understand this show a lot!","joy"
"Thanks for sharing this tool, gonna be useful in finding fat right subs to tag with reddit pro tools. ","gratitude"
"Only after the initial vote is honored and brexit is implemented.","neutral"
"We have [NAME] in Iowa, too bad this story doesn't affect US stores, I would be driving the extra distance to support these guys","approval"
"These moments happen. Even if he was hella cold when he got home, you dont threaten a man. He may be stubborn enough to call your bluff ","neutral"
"Down to 4 defencemen including pouliot. So really 3 defencemen and a pile of garbage.","neutral"
"I always associate it with a 1985 Ford Taurus going 100 miles per hour down the shoulder lane.","neutral"
"If he does still pull through on the appointment, he might be someone to schedule more with... Sorry bout your eye... Hope feel better soon...","disappointment"
"Ooofffhh, that'd be a tough lesson to learn.","anger"
"Like at the time, he wasn't one of the best defenders in the league. But grew into one. ","realization"
"Nirvana is a great band but a good chunk of people in their fan base are just awful (underratedly awful)","gratitude"
"The same here. It's hard to be alone, but not as hard as the eggshells and abuse.","approval"
"I'm not a pats fan but the ones that [NAME] and [NAME] post on their IGs are actually pretty cool","admiration"
"The classic I can't stand up straight because I can't even breath laugh","disappointment"
"I eat crayons I shit crayons","disgust"
"Omg, I'm so sorry. I'm sending you love. That's horrible. :/ Are you doing okay?","caring"
"This reads like vsauce [NAME]","neutral"
"There are assholes who think that these are "their trails" and do this sort of thing.","disgust"
"I don't understand the infatuation with modern ones. Everything made before the Murciélago is where it's at.","annoyance"
"VP pick guaranteed - and the pivot will be hilarious","neutral"
"He needs to go back to [NAME] school","neutral"
"Is it bad that im really bummed he didnt get hit?","curiosity"
"I mean if you wanna have more kids you should pay more, not less.. I’m not forcing anyone to have children","neutral"
"i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.","love"
"Is that why you stayed so long? :P","confusion"
"mind = blown","neutral"
"I thought it was his nose sliced off, got confused when I didnt see any blood","confusion"
"This would make me sick.Getting cucked by bayern on and off the field.","disgust"
"if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.","anger"
"Same, I'm really struggling to not become feminine because of that.","neutral"
"Cringe, dude. You’re really reaching. ","admiration"
"Could be tripping or having an orgasm from dry humping, but it's pretty clear that they aren't full on having sex","amusement"
"lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..","joy"
"Thanks grandpa, it’s always good to see you around the holidays. That joke is hilarious every time!","amusement"
"Hey its you again. Dude can you please say "N" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly.","sadness"
"Look at this fancy guy being able to afford eggs.","optimism"
"I knew I'd find it.","excitement"
"Also drill man exists for an alternate for Balrog.","neutral"
"I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.","love"
"Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.","sadness"
"And I like the taste","joy"
"He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.","disappointment"
"You're trying to send your 15yo sister and her Bf to jail because she annoys you? Tell your parents you need therapy.","annoyance"
"I see that the facebook and twitter crowd is leaking into our sub. Awesome.","admiration"
"Well ain't that ridiculous.","annoyance"
"Oh that's hard. I hope you get an amazing nap in the car. The exhaustion is real with babies.","admiration"
"The moment [NAME] got activated off IR, [NAME] got placed on IR.","neutral"
"Amazing photo. It looks like a watercolour.","admiration"
"Yea I think I'm in that on Fetlife but was looking for something specifically on Reddit.","neutral"
"Sometimes the mouse attacks the snake ! I think you should start dating if he is going to be a asshat.","approval"
"> I don’t think it is intentional though. You have been banned from /r/conspiracy","neutral"
"I asked for trick candles. Thank you for the gift! What a lovely day this turned out to be!","gratitude"
"I could upload this to YouTube if I wanted to. No problem. You couldn’t do anything.","annoyance"
"True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.","optimism"
"BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE","anger"
"Like I said, stunning. But not at all surprising you would reference [NAME]. ","admiration"
"She ain't a prostitute. She just likes giving head.","neutral"
"I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.","joy"
"Had the item hit you, I would have asked security to hold them, for you to press charges for assault. No one should be entertaining that foolishness","confusion"
"I laughed at this harder than I'd expected to. Also, joke's on them when those turds freeze solid like everything else in the Midwest rn.","amusement"
"wow, you guys have a body language now?","curiosity"
"Been there, done that. Still alive and remarkably healthy at 51. The body is tremendously resilient","neutral"
"you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote","annoyance"
"[NAME] saw it during the football game and was super impressed!","admiration"
"True! He probably is just lonely. Thank you for the kind words :)","caring"
"Grandmas knees are burning up","neutral"
"The team isnt really bad but their fans are really the worst","anger"
"This. Our new grad orientation was basically us being checked off on all the skills we learned during nursing school.","realization"
"So far she seems pretty decent but I'm side-eyeing the hell out of him. His conduct at the restaurant was so bizarre and creepy.","annoyance"
"Oh god I miss Jet's. And I don't get to come home for another 3 months. Enjoy it for me.","neutral"
"Anything >0 is way too common.","neutral"
"Ahh. Both of those are very good. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.","desire"
"I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]","amusement"
"Why does everyone insist on trying to do this? Just open the [NAME] damn bottle with your thumb like a decent human being.","curiosity"
"I'm not rotting, I'm drinking.","neutral"
"Your aunt has some damn nerve, though!","anger"
"Something something don't fight what you hate, save what you love.","joy"
"Imagine the smell of burning those pages","embarrassment"
"Yeah imagine if he had been as efficient as the beginning of the season. We would have at least 2 more.","neutral"
"we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something","desire"
"I’m just gonna sit here for a minute","neutral"
">the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.","sadness"
"Meet me in the parking lot after school, tough guy. Bring your guns.","neutral"
"Can’t relate","disapproval"
"Yeah, they're on whatever the opposite of a roll is today. ","neutral"
"In "modern" copies of MGS 3, you can find a way to play music out of it that they can?","confusion"
"[NAME] lesnar. Sorry [NAME]","remorse"
"I never said anything about a crowded city. Immigration is not causing rural (or even suburban) areas to turn into crowded cities.","disapproval"
"You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.","nervousness"
"I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point ","approval"
"The sad part is he actually looks pretty good with it, better than the design he has for most of the game.","annoyance"
"i can relate heavily to this","realization"
"Honestly, I bet they would argue that the food was out of the car, so you’re not covered. ","neutral"
"If we change the definition of what we are, maybe women will want to fuck us! -incel logic","annoyance"
"Because the universe is dumb and not fair, but we can make it less dumb","annoyance"
"I seen a video, must have been one of the students where they've completely surrounded the [NAME]. ","optimism"
"Haha, looks like it.","amusement"
"Needs a great winger to play off of. Without [NAME] he has struggled to be creative on the wing","realization"
"Crosspost! We're cool with crossposts.","joy"
"My understanding it was a simply banking error","neutral"
"That was sexy","admiration"
"Thanks! Oh my god, what a great interview. The man absolutely loves Winnipeg.","admiration"
"I don’t think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!","excitement"
"This is an off-season to find a coach that players respect. No way vets come here if [NAME] is still at the helm","realization"
"-no scary creatures trying to kill you- Ha! You haven't heard of Rhode Islanders yet! /s","neutral"
"Considering the century is only a touch over 19 years. Is this really news worthy?","neutral"
"No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone. ","anger"
"Yes but my point is [NAME] raping [NAME] makes more sense if she gives birth to [NAME] and [NAME], not [NAME].","neutral"
"According to roadcam, everyone stops that far past the stop line and if you say you don't, you're a liar.","neutral"
"I'M AN ADULT!!!","neutral"
"The jerk store called. They're running out of YOU!","neutral"
"There it is. Knew it was ‘H’ something, had a brain fart","annoyance"
"She should have her medical license revoked because she took an oath to do no harm","neutral"
"are delicious mass produced perogies.","neutral"
"Female here - Personally, I would love a text that says "I had a good time tonight! Would love to see you again."","neutral"
"Sounds like people who are making a career out of being part of the bureaucracy have come across hard times. Shucks.","joy"
"I get lost in [NAME] eyes","neutral"
"Take a break then get back out there!","approval"
"Updooted like the filthy animal I am.","neutral"
"yeah [NAME] was reminding [NAME] that he should remain calm and not go crazy on the last 10 seconds of every round","neutral"
"I thought this was a diary that I wrote in my notebook! I'm almost exactly the same!","confusion"
"the ancap ideology has spread to birds now. Our numbers grow stronger every day😂","approval"
"You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)","gratitude"
"Not really... I haven't lived anywhere where trains are common.","neutral"
"[NAME] was speaking as a man./s","neutral"
"This is such a dumb statement considering the Rams have benched [NAME] for [NAME] with a ton of success.","approval"
"Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position","disgust"
"Awesome, thanks. Great answer.","admiration"
"Ugh, me too. ","annoyance"
"you dare diss mini-me like that huh [NAME] gonna come and shoot you with his "laser beam"","neutral"
" Students: North and South Dakota have finally settled their differences and become one big D, for Dakota.”","neutral"
"So glad my mom didn’t act this way when I was diagnosed.... oh, and my mom was smart and vaccinated me","admiration"
"Wwwhhhhyyyyy do they keep forcing [NAME] down our throats. [NAME]!","annoyance"
"> Has WD-40 instead of blood [NAME] RBG would be awesome.","neutral"
"Ok I love [NAME] for making [NAME] fist bump 3 times. He was so awkward with that haha.","admiration"
"Ouch! That hit hard","realization"
"THATS WHAT SHE SAID...HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!","joy"
"Me either. But I sometimes fantasize about it.","love"
"Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.","fear"
"Thanks for the clarification, appreciate that.","gratitude"
"Not good idea, unless you mean "money" as gold. She would ruin it with inflation.","neutral"
"Ok but it’s easy to worry when the legal drinking age in your nation is one of the lowest among first-world countries.","neutral"
"Nope, real serious disease affecting real people, including the person you first replied to.","sadness"
"Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]","approval"
"Convinced me...now let's trade [NAME] for [NAME] and get back to the SuperBowl","approval"
"I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.","admiration"
"I'm glad that this is a normal assumption to make... incels are my answer to too many things","admiration"
"Insecurities exist even for people that are attractive. Even hot people are just like everyone else.","neutral"
"This is accurate. Source: MA resident who works in CT. (WHY DON'T YOU HAVE REFLECTIVE ROAD MARKERS?!)","approval"
"Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.","neutral"
"I was AF enlisted too hahaha","excitement"
"More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.","nervousness"
"What a refreshing question and topic of discussion. 👏 NOT 🙄 *“Discuss.”*","amusement"
"I love when these self-proclaimed ones would hound me for more pics.","love"
"I said stop though. What’s with right wingers and not understanding consent?","confusion"
"I love humans","love"
"NICO WITH THE SMIRK!","neutral"
"I’m gonna get downvoted but it’s 4 years","neutral"
"Then they both snuck off to [NAME] RV and cooked up some blue meth together.","neutral"
"That’s petty debateable, there’s disagreement in the ranks but not enough to change their names or policies. ","disapproval"
"Look at the spine on that kid - he must get it from his mother!","neutral"
"I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.","optimism"
"I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.","neutral"
"Did I miss something? I don't think she's announced yet. Someone could still beat her to it.","confusion"
"How did they not know internets is a point reward in 4chan?","confusion"
"Thats the problem you have with this? Mule kick in zombies has exactly what he wants xD","curiosity"
"Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now. ","caring"
"It was done before and it was terrible","fear"
"Wow this was awful. What kind of audience do these morons have? I mean no one with the money to buy that junk would watch these fools","annoyance"
"Ah fair enough. Thanks for elaborating","gratitude"
"[NAME]. Get off of the computer my man. Get some fresh air, there’s a whole world out there. ⛑","amusement"
"The walls are repainted anyway every few years, so if you buy the paint you want, they will even do it for you with that.","neutral"
"Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️","disappointment"
"*sees title* hello there!","neutral"
"Yes, clearly u/backwoodmenace was repeating misinformation intentionally.","disapproval"
"To be clear meaty means use later active frames of any move Oki: what posibilities are favorable to me frame wise after an attack","curiosity"
"The Gillette commercial slandered men as being creatures of evil","annoyance"
"Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.","annoyance"
"That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends","caring"
"Ah, the ol' [NAME] strategy.","neutral"
"That's an yup!","neutral"
"Aw here goes!","excitement"
"Would you’ve still got with her if you’d known beforehand? No judgement, just curious.","curiosity"
"Myself and Mr. [NAME] agree small breasted women make the best lovers.","neutral"
"I actually really like [NAME]","love"
"This caught me off guard for real. I actually off my bed laughing. +1","amusement"
"You have to put food on the table, so take the job you need to do so. Look for others while working to find the right job.","neutral"
"DDay was only a month ago...slow down. Get yourself healed up. Hang with friends. Read a relationship book.","joy"
"Yeah, even good people can become radicalized by religion ","realization"
"Went to MEPS a few weeks ago and a guy needed a waiver and they said usually 45-60 days for it to be approved or disapproved.","neutral"
"favorite athlete of all time for sure. [NAME] and [NAME] are my other 2 haha. [NAME] up there for my own sanity","neutral"
"U R quite welcome buddy. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.","caring"
"[[NAME] is quaking in his boots] (","neutral"
"kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.","disappointment"
"would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez","confusion"
"I didnt have a single black teacher in my 15 years of schooling. The area defenintly plays a part in that but it's still a bit shocking.","neutral"
"Get a lawyer. You entered into your marriage in good faith, that shouldvcount for something. ","disapproval"
"I don't want a president who doesnt know anything about foreign affairs....no thanks.","disapproval"
"The beetles are under rated millenials dont know what the 60s were if they listened to the beagles they world understand","disappointment"
"Is this Engraze?","curiosity"
"Oh ok that makes sense then! Thanks for taking the time to explain. 😊","gratitude"
"Lol love that [NAME] and [NAME] are both [NAME]. And [NAME] as [NAME] is best choice. Should have brought puddy in though. Hah","approval"
"I'd prefer her as an actual character","approval"
"Why would you say that... Oh my [NAME] those tags!","neutral"
"Poor [NAME] looks so bored in the remakes.","annoyance"
"Unfortunately, successful and rich people blame foreigners too :(","sadness"
"[NAME], [NAME] is starting a marriage with infidelity and drunk proposals. I hope a happy and long married life for him.","caring"
"I like how it's also a subtle girls>guys","neutral"
"Lmao that’s so true","neutral"
"Not in Tuscaloosa, it's been a looooong time since that happened (1926)","neutral"
"You seem to have only participated in this thread to insult me. what a shocker!","realization"
"The fact that such awful designs exist almost makes me want to stop wearing leggings. *Almost.*","disgust"
"We had a long debate about how old Jackie bird is and as per every year were surprised by the result. Was pish","surprise"
"They get a bottle or i get a bottle...may as well share the wealth","neutral"
"Well I did have one balanced meal...before a few alcoholic beverages.","approval"
"No passes on skin color or class, yeah right thats why [NAME] is a supreme court justice right ??? ","approval"
"You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.","disapproval"
"They could not have done the same thing. Only certain things can go in a reconciliation bill.","neutral"
"Lol it's a public sidewalk, I wouldn't call it their set ","amusement"
"Is that Guildford? There always seems to be plenty of zombie-like pedestrians around town!","surprise"
"- (sorry) -","neutral"
"Kids Day in Toronto, Leafs STHs donate their tickets to kids so there's like 10,000 kids in the arena today. Pretty cool thing they started last year","approval"
"29 and 39. Didn’t get to see my fathers parents for too long. I definitely got my condition from my Father.","neutral"
"Got her game on.","neutral"
"These are the same people who make fun of single women who own pets.","neutral"
"I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.","disapproval"
"He's a good prospect. Solid enough lineout and scrum, great around the park. Been pushing TPN for starting spot.","admiration"
"I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!","approval"
"Conversion therapy is so wrong. We shouldn't force children to change their sexual orientation or anything similar to that against their will! *laughs in irony*","neutral"
"This guy has some massive self control after the fact. I felt like getting back and punching that Croc.","neutral"
"Nope nope nope","disapproval"
"I love this. [NAME] bless [NAME].","gratitude"
"A successful centralized ratings company?","neutral"
"I realized that. Why I jokingly said they were messing with you. Didn't think you actually spoke with them.","realization"
"I can't imagine how scary that was for you. What is wrong with people?","annoyance"
"This is an old carnie trick. There are sites that have debunked this guy.","neutral"
"**YT is not above the law.**","neutral"
">I don’t believe in changing the rules and laws however ... Then you believe [RELIGION] is in the 7th century for all times","approval"
"Good for you! So awesome!","excitement"
"It’s not outrageous though. Just a 2 night hotel stay alone for 1600 people will be around 200k.","neutral"
"My aunt lost a ton of weight by eating a huge bowl of lettuce with a very light dressing and tasty veggies.","admiration"
"FIDLAR dropped their new album today (yesterday?). It is certainly...different. But I'm enjoying it all the same","joy"
"Mmm, no. I highly dislike this. 10/10 TIHI material.","disapproval"
"Wow, he showed some backbone. I’ve always been pretty ambivalent towards him, but this ups my opinion a little.","excitement"
"Lol thanks, yeah you need to "legitimize" the being hacked part and build from there. ","gratitude"
"Take a note to PM me if you do, I'll happily pay for one!","joy"
"dang, [NAME] with 4 and hes only 30! ","neutral"
"I am female. If someone approached me in a coffee shop who followed your above rules, I’d be giving out my number for sure.","curiosity"
"You know, when I think of democracy, the first thing that comes to mind is best 2:3... Errr... 3:5.….. uhmm... I mean 5:7... /**S**","neutral"
"Did that EVER work? Why did [NAME] keep going to that play over and over again when it resulted in 4th down after 4th down?","neutral"
"I can't believe people actually pay for these. 😩","embarrassment"
"Oh thanks a lot! :) Please let me know.","gratitude"
"As bad as this sub was in the 1st quarter, our announcers were just as awful.","annoyance"
"is a great resource.","admiration"
"We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.","disapproval"
"Women aren’t men. We don’t need multiple sexual partners the way men do.","neutral"
"Opinion is just that: subjective. I'm sorry you're too fragile about your own to have reasonable discussion with those that disagree.","neutral"
"That was nasty... but also the most real thing I’ve seen on the show lately.. lol","amusement"
"When my Dad ([NAME] all the way) is Tsar of the Earth I'll have him make doxxing a crime with mandatory sentencing to terrible things.","annoyance"
"Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.","neutral"
"The guilt of sin represses all","neutral"
"It looks like Livonia flipped light blue as well? That’s pretty impressive.","admiration"
"Do communists believe in private property?","neutral"
"This was amazing","admiration"
"Oh I'm not denying he is a scumbag who should be run out of town. Just whether this individual thing happened.","approval"
"CL...let’s just hope we can stay in EL for the time being.","optimism"
"Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️","curiosity"
"Also a tacklebox is what you keep fishing gear in. Not sure if the football thing was a reference to that.","neutral"
"This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible","disapproval"
"Lmao good luck tryna convince anyone you’re not just a brain washed redpiller tryna start shit just for validation :/","anger"
"If only that were true","neutral"
"Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la","disgust"
"That’s the free market for you!","neutral"
"This is kinda sad","disappointment"
"He was aggrieved that people didn’t recognize him and recognized steroid users instead.","realization"
"I love this. Just be racist against everyone and then it's fine!","love"
"yup, it sounds ridiculous","amusement"
"Clearly you aren’t “too fine for online dating”.","neutral"
"that made me cry tears of sadness and joy at the same time.","joy"
"We may destroy the rest of the world in the process.","disapproval"
"This made me spit out my coffee. But I feel [NAME] is too regal. How about [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Well I can feel it was mentally hard bringing myself to go full [NAME] and shit talking prior to the plate, but this is some cutting edge analysis.","nervousness"
"Work like always, but grind that ironman on osrs in the meantime","neutral"
"I live alone. Well, my dog... I do have to shut the door to keep him out. He gets too personal with his nose.","annoyance"
"It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion. ","disapproval"
"still would be great. especially if we get [NAME] from denver aswell in FA","neutral"
"Very interesting. Thx","excitement"
"Do you.....have a certificate showing you're not a donkey-brained man?","neutral"
"The one in WA state. For some reason Vancouver BC is really close to Vancouver WA. It's weird","neutral"
"you dont have to sign up for anything, just literally paste the output of the script.","approval"
"Dont call your self pansexual if you've never deepthroted a pan.","neutral"
"The Nashville Design is just a placeholder. The actual plans have yet to been finalized.","neutral"
"That's the point tho, they had lots of talent already, and just a couple of changes at the key spots changed everything ","approval"
"Why so may downvotes?","disapproval"
"Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!","anger"
"I hope you stay as warm and safe as you can ❄💙","admiration"
"Didn't even knew that was a thing, eitherway it would be nice to have a back up page just in case","joy"
"Diacetyl, which is actually in higher amounts in cigarettes themselves, and even cigs havent caused popcorn lung lol","amusement"
"Also checkout the forkdelta market:","neutral"
"Nothing cool about Infinite genders and Sexual confussion. Populism and Structuralism is interesting but as short term goals.","annoyance"
"congrats, [NAME]. you played yourself","admiration"
"I've read an optimum of 3 years between live births and to wait 12 months if there is a miscarriage before trying again.","neutral"
"Oh, in high school history facts change after every election.","neutral"
"You do eat off them in very special situations","excitement"
"**Flair *does* check out.","neutral"
"I was just thinking to myself "maybe I should get Tinder". Thank you for reassuring me that, nah I'm good without it.","gratitude"
"It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.","disgust"
"Well Reddit frequently forgets that [NAME] was jousting with [NAME] for biggest hawk in DC.","neutral"
"His smile is so damn creepy","neutral"
"Probably an old dude.","neutral"
"You could even say that they don't give a damn about any trumpet playing band.","annoyance"
"My guys about to laser a 5 year old cause he didn’t give that little girl his lunchable","amusement"
"I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!","approval"
"So America and the USSR are the exact same thing to you? Sorry you're so small minded, hope you learn to grow in the future.","remorse"
"Cool story bro","admiration"
"*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* "Yo guys watch me throw this cluster" Honestly embarrassing ","annoyance"
"2 2nd rounders but not a first or a future first. He’s not worth the risk","disapproval"
"When [NAME] and [NAME] left because they were a bit too male, I guess. Get woke; go broke.","neutral"
">[NAME] has urged [NAME] and the Liberal Party to allow cities to ban handguns. What a goof.","annoyance"
"What age would that be?(I am not from the USA)","curiosity"
"This is just such an obvious troll.","realization"
"The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.","disappointment"
"My dad was on 20+ narcotics for over 20 years. Now he just smokes pot and I've never seen him happier","sadness"
"A crossover I never knew I needed","neutral"
"This one is solid. OP's joke is piss.","neutral"
"Looks like the Content ID system picked up a song you used in your video. Sound about right?","realization"
"Haha I’ll try and avoid it. Nowhere currently on my list is in Alabama","joy"
"Fuck me, that is good. ","admiration"
"It's not a fair question.","disapproval"
"I would love that. [NAME] and [NAME] were easily my favourite supporting characters of season 2","admiration"
"*NOW* you understand jokes.","realization"
"I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.","disappointment"
"You miss the sidewalk wing massacres as well I'd bet","approval"
"I mean it certainly is a ritual so to speak.","neutral"
"It's not cancer edit: It still sucks guys, I get it. I'm just specifying it's not cancer because of the post above me.","approval"
"Damn [NAME] great move","admiration"
"You guys can downvote me all you want, but this sub is every day looking more and more alike r/gameofthrones","disapproval"
"Or they freak out if it’s “not the right sub” for your post. Like calm down","neutral"
"He is a moron.","disappointment"
"Thanks bro!","gratitude"
"It worked with [NAME] and [NAME] I guess. Not so much with [NAME] and [NAME]","confusion"
"I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.","anger"
"Is that what this is? I thought it was some kind of a tattoo gun.","curiosity"
"> I just take their word for it that **some** of them find **some** things offensive, and their reasons why. ","neutral"
"I know I would take a [NAME] with his numbers any day of the week regardless of how many of his points are secondary.","approval"
"I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).","love"
"Can Diggle put a bullet in him already","neutral"
"Such a nice photo of city hall.","admiration"
"*aggressively tells friend I love them*","neutral"
"Why can't America be this cool?","neutral"
"I did this with [NAME] to troll my friend who drafted him in a dynasty league about making bad picks. 10/10 would do again","neutral"
"That's when you pop your Shadow Blade and go invisible.","neutral"
"Hot girls get horny too.","approval"
"I'm surprised not to see whining about [NAME] books more often, speaking of children.","surprise"
"Yeah ik that should be unacceptable too lmao","amusement"
"Posting someone elses camp on reddit? Really? haha.","excitement"
"Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol. ","realization"
"LE FUCK IM LE OLD!!!!","neutral"
"No? Lol","neutral"
"Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .","gratitude"
"I'll show some love for diazepam! Congratulations on the re up and let me Know if they are","gratitude"
"holy crap that's messed up.","annoyance"
"Yeah but how is that even possible if 99% of girls who are out are with friends? That’s pretty intimidating","curiosity"
"Because they are defined by their enjoyment of bullying others.","neutral"
"Also, do you have a link with updates? I cannot find any reports like this. ","curiosity"
"This is my favourite comment of the day. So because I don't like to be ripped off I should not be able to have a family?","confusion"
"He showed how easy it is to get into a team and gain fame.","neutral"
"Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....","approval"
"No. The Office wouldn't exist today due to liberalism and everyone being offended for everyone else.","neutral"
"Hate to tell you, but it was inspired by a real girl [[NAME]] ","anger"
"Let’s see, this house is designated Zone R3, which allows for cats, dogs, telephone answering monkeys...","neutral"
"Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.","approval"
"That's the best treasure I could every hope to find","admiration"
"I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.","annoyance"
">Any [NAME] who is married will skip her Well just for fun let's talk for a moment. Going to send you a PM.","amusement"
"I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.","desire"
"Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.","surprise"
"I'd keep taking it. The side effects should go away soon. Paxil has been the only med that helped me.","gratitude"
"Weird I'm short and have anxiety and depression and somehow I'm not an incel.","disgust"
"“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.","disappointment"
"[NAME] is awesome","admiration"
"His truck was never used by ISIS.","neutral"
"Hey there, I hope you're still with us. Let's talk.","desire"
"I wish this was real but for girls, so I don't have to taste the bitter of being rejected because "You are not my kind".","desire"
"Time consuming too, but buying a box that size outright is stupidly expensive—even if you order a bundle of 25 at a time.","disappointment"
"Keep turning a blind eye to the truth. It unnatural.","realization"
"I hope someone got fired for that blunder.","desire"
"You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.","caring"
"And you were too stupid to find your own sriracha, or you thought that $7.50 entitled you to your personal dancing monkey.","annoyance"
"Will do bud 5>4 Celtics have one of the youngest rosters in the NBA, Sox just won a series over your southern folk","neutral"
"It would work just fine. I wear medium shirts and a small or medium jersey fits me great.","approval"
"Good luck mate!","caring"
"Being rich isnt the only way to be successful. The first success to conquer is learning to love and accept ourselves","caring"
"Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea","fear"
"of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.","grief"
"The first resonates with me much more than the second.","neutral"
"Uh huh hyuck!","neutral"
"/r/keto too believe it or not.","confusion"
"I thinks he's the leader of one those Turkish backed rebel groups. He was accused of raping the wife of one his soldiers and screwing prostitutes.","curiosity"
"(While I love this moment, she wasn’t a judge, she was an inspirational guest.)","admiration"
"Wouldn't take much to be the best COD dev team tbh.","neutral"
"Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.","fear"
"No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.","disapproval"
"I mean, he is a terrible president. ","disapproval"
"So thoughtful.","neutral"
"Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more","curiosity"
"Vr chat is free and you can play it without vr","neutral"
"Become a [NAME]. Here's your first step if you want to take the path;","neutral"
"That "you see" sentence tipped me off too. So strangely written. And very self praising.","pride"
"Wasn’t this exact same photo posted here not long ago?","neutral"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **3rd Cakeday** The_nastiest_nate! ^(hug)","neutral"
"Speaking the truth, brave you are.","admiration"
"Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now","neutral"
"Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)","joy"
"It's also my 40th birthday, so bring a gift! ","excitement"
"the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.","realization"
"I love PragerU r/pragerurine","joy"
"In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...","optimism"
"I love how they ignore the sniffling buffoon who struggled to read the words off the teleprompter in his speech","love"
"when you watch game reviews and youtube thinks you hate women and minorities","neutral"
"shouldve came to america smh","neutral"
"Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!","approval"
"Get well soon good boye","caring"
"Where does this one person every 67 hours statistic come from?","confusion"
"[NAME] hated religions, [NAME] was [RELIGION].","neutral"
"Lol I’m sorry for your dogs ears","amusement"
"Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂","disapproval"
"By “make” you mean smash the box into hundreds of pieces and slobber on the remains in a comical fashion?!?","neutral"
"I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.","realization"
"Reading that made my stomach feel how it does when I get the wind knocked out of me.","relief"
"If you don't think MAGA hats are associated with racism then you've got your head stuck in the sand.","neutral"
"I don't know dude, but I'm just saying that it's not weird at all that people are super doubtful whenever posts like this crop up. ","disappointment"
"[NAME] playing great this half","neutral"
"Omg so glad I’m not alone","admiration"
"So now disabled people don’t have rights . You get worse .","neutral"
"Paying for the drinks doesn’t equate to drinking the drinks.","neutral"
"Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy","excitement"
"I appreciate this post, so it’s appropriate in my eyes 😀","admiration"
"Actually it's quite hard to decide without a proper reason. Under what circumstances do we have to do that?","anger"
"I went skiing in another state and ran into a gaggle of students. Distance guarantees nothing.","neutral"
"Any that lands for us tbh lol","amusement"
"[NAME] aren’t a race either. Are you trying to be ignorant?","annoyance"
"You can't see anything in Black Panther.","neutral"
"I find it unfortunate that you use gender-non-conformance as an insult.","disappointment"
"Seahawks themselves are insufferable, so I would prefer a Dallas win. If only they both could somehow lose simultaneously...","neutral"
"Sleep tight [NAME]!","caring"
">overt racism of that level would not be tolerated in America My thoughts also. That's why i needed context, its very VERY odd.","desire"
"Oh man, I forgot about eBay! I have some old textbooks I’ve been meaning to put on there too.","realization"
"You say only other escape but it's almost guaranteed to save you and makes [NAME] way safer than any other assassin","neutral"
"How do you deal with alerts coming up on your phone? I guess you can just turn them off?","confusion"
"I guess we didn't truly "match" but I saw the profile with the percentage of their calculated compatibility.","optimism"
"Wow, I remember having this kind of meal a lot as a kid. ","realization"
"I have seen quite a few posts in this subreddit on the topic, I would start by searching those.","neutral"
"i am a little bit confused, who are these guys and why did you ask her if she is dead","confusion"
"Hopefully he gets traded","optimism"
"Oh no the poor man","neutral"
"Cool. Good call on the passport. Our plan is to make a stop on the way from thr airport. Im suee some are open late.","excitement"
"The zoo is the reason we HAVE tiggers, goddamnit","neutral"
"What are the Four Agreements?","neutral"
"Can't make negative comments about her on here dude. Downvotes incoming","approval"
"Your Beauty shines out of you, than you for this lovely post.","admiration"
"I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere","disapproval"
"4 lives essentially, its insane","annoyance"
"I don't know, but there's probably a word for it in German.","disapproval"
"It sounds like he doesn't know exactly what he wants and he's taking it out on you.","neutral"
"Didn't he also come in half way through the season? 😏 Not defending [NAME] or hating on [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Wow look at this deep pockets eating a lentil a day, I have to slice mine to last me a month!!!","admiration"
"Without these heroes, we could still be counting on [NAME] to fight off opponents, and a collapsing stadium","approval"
"Some of them will have to get new vehicles to meet the requirements. That means we get cleaner air. Where's the problem exactly?","curiosity"
"I don't see how this is relevant to this subreddit? Perhaps try your local political subreddit.","confusion"
"I agree with this","approval"
"100 chapters of relationship + 50 of build up after [NAME] left [NAME]. Damn you Sasuga T.T","neutral"
"They didn’t cite a source. On top of the spelling mistakes. It’s why you don’t trust infographics for stats.","disapproval"
"If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes","neutral"
"I’ve still not noticed the kid","disapproval"
"Beautiful. Up there with that retro '14 Timbers kit for my favorite non-Atlanta MLS kits.","admiration"
"Virtually no happiness anymore, exhausted with trying, meds not working properly and just tired of it all.","sadness"
"I've done it everytime never had a problem","neutral"
"A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.","disappointment"
"Looks like someone's got a bad case of the zoomies.","disgust"
"Well, I can't speak for the right; I'm on the left.","neutral"
"Alright cool thanks for the tip - I'll give it a try!","neutral"
"Edibles!!","neutral"
"Reminder that [NAME] incel army literally physically assaulted [NAME] fans when she spoke in East LA, including children.","disappointment"
"It most definitely is! You’ve gotta pick some up!!","approval"
"Well, i was hoping it didn't run flat.","optimism"
"Someone hold me","neutral"
"I can respect profiting from morons.","admiration"
"Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?","confusion"
"I try to switch it up, too; probably the main reason for the post. Gets boring sometimes!","disappointment"
"I've been a Rams fan since the first Rams vs Pats!","neutral"
"Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning. ","love"
"Its fun to draw in an empty space.","joy"
"We need a bench and a coach that realizes six foot three players aren’t small forwards.","realization"
"Oh there goes gravity","surprise"
"Post this on /r/nba lol","neutral"
"That comparison system could backfire when hogs see their 83rd percentile healing and go “what the fuck were our healers doing I have 83rd percentile healing”","anger"
"While living in Japan? Never say never... but it is very hard to imagine.","neutral"
"Then they are idiots.","annoyance"
"Fuck ya boys let’s go","neutral"
"When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.","neutral"
"The two most talented receivers [NAME] had, [NAME] and [NAME], had their careers interrupted by injuries and nonsense.","annoyance"
"There’s a cat sitting on my lap right now she’s so cute","admiration"
"This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania","disapproval"
"Uhh..class 4 is unknown dental class after 13th month without exam or no initial exam. *sorry*","neutral"
"Laughing at "indoctrinated by traditional values". Good luck in life.","annoyance"
"It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.","disgust"
"But how's the breathing through the nose. That's the important question. Can he nail it?","fear"
"Number 20 to the rafters.","neutral"
"For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!","love"
"Imagine thinking anybody cares about the constitution at this point.","caring"
"I have to cuddle my dog so hard right now.","caring"
"The only person I didn't want was [NAME], and I ended up getting [NAME]... ","disappointment"
"Sounds like not a typical 1/3 hand ...","neutral"
"Thanks, I hate moderation (you must get that joke a lot) ","annoyance"
"How dare you hate [NAME]","anger"
"My last name is 4 letters. It's a common English word. It still gets mispronounced and misspelled constantly.","neutral"
"Do people really not get over bullies and have to make up stories about "righteous revenge?"","curiosity"
"I believe the GM of Seattle would be known as “His Royal bitch pigeoness”","anger"
".. for now","neutral"
"Because Reddit. The other day I got downvoted because I said I liked The Office lol","amusement"
"She's not more than 17. And I love teenage [NAME]. Don't want her adult.","disapproval"
"Omg [NAME]! One of my favorite bb players","surprise"
"Thanks for the share!","gratitude"
"[NAME] has stolen my heart.","love"
"Bad timing for [NAME] to say this just now.","neutral"
"[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic ","joy"
"Don't post this on Yelp. She'll hate you for life!","annoyance"
"Yeah highkey looks decent","admiration"
"I was thinking the same thing as well. Glad to know I'm on the right page.","approval"
"What a wonderful story! Thank you so much for sharing that just made me smile .","admiration"
"Excellent. [NAME] ([NAME] in particular) made me discover my love for DXM and other even weirder dex sounds.","admiration"
"Glad things came out alright for you...","joy"
"omgad that monster!","neutral"
"37 here, happily single. And the majority of my friends who got married at 23/24 are getting divorced now. ","approval"
"> What plans should I use to hide the scent of a decaying body? Can you bottle up his farts? Seriously.","confusion"
"This article is stupid.","anger"
"Ive already tried praying for vagina - you will find me on my knees LOL","disappointment"
"[NAME] has been playing pretty nice since he's been freed from dnps","joy"
"S. we're just visitors in the twilight zone, a different time and space dimension, do do do do.","neutral"
"Idk which is worse. The guy doing the project or me watching the video.","confusion"
"This is what happens when you don't give the pyramid scheme a script.","approval"
"I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.","joy"
"makeup call lol","amusement"
"[NAME] HIMSELF COULD NOT SINK THIS SHIP!!!","admiration"
"Just know that you are the man. Go Isles. Go Flames.","neutral"
"Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.","disappointment"
"Lol. Thanks for the laugh.","amusement"
"This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...","admiration"
"“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure","approval"
"[NAME] is the granddaddy of ROM sites. Check it out while you can, boys and girls.","neutral"
"Adorable little buggers.","neutral"
"I love how their comparing [NAME] one shtick (not including highlighter) to the comedy skills of queens with actual performance talents.","amusement"
"Ouch. Hurts because it's true.","sadness"
"I do that too. I just feel oddly uncomfortable when I'm doing a task and there's no noise in the background.","disapproval"
"This is the whitest thing I’ve ever seen in my life","admiration"
"Do you think CPS would help your niece get help?","neutral"
"What's the name of it? I googled Anker and there are several, but I want an included SD lol","neutral"
"Looks like you clipped my own games. It’s bad lately.","neutral"
"You're taking her scale way too literally.","disapproval"
"What's uffda","neutral"
"Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.","approval"
"Cuz some things could become brittle and break...","neutral"
"That isn't really trolling to me. Sounds like a good way to get DUIs. And stop them I suppose.","neutral"
"Because I am a human, and I can do whatever I want, as long as it's not against the law","approval"
"What a thot*","admiration"
"Is there a quiz version of this where I can answer what I think and then at the end it tells me who matches the best?","curiosity"
"Please stop using that term.","disapproval"
"Lmao I'm sorry!","sadness"
"Clickin’ it!","neutral"
"Now it makes sense.","approval"
"But the panther saddle is sexy af.","admiration"
"Watch the Hulu documentary as well. They interview [NAME], and man is it fascinating to watch him backpedal basically from the second word he utters on camera.","excitement"
"Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.","annoyance"
"[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it","love"
"It was 3 grams in total, my buddies and I rolled with our own stuff","neutral"
"He's not interested, blessim...","disappointment"
"wow, there really is “somethin” for everyone ...","surprise"
"The applause came from [NAME] and his group.","admiration"
"Tee-hee. It's the same server side weirdness as in SWBF2. (This is probably my most repeated sentence in this sub.)","neutral"
"If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.","neutral"
"Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.","neutral"
"Well shit, time to talk to the wife. It appears she has two husbands.","annoyance"
"That's very [NAME] of you.","neutral"
"There is something legitimately wrong with you","disapproval"
"You nailed the crazy eyes. She scary.","admiration"
"The bed is comfy and I want it to stay that way","admiration"
"The Patriots dethroned the Rams and the greatest show on turf, it'd be cool for the Rams to do the same now.","neutral"
"I can live with the bad textures, I just want them to fix the glitch that lets you see through them.","disgust"
"Ahem. Second best NA","disapproval"
"Exactly, humans are selfish. That was kinda my point, my reasons are superficial and only affect me. Theirs are not. ","disapproval"
"This is so bad and I really don't get that politicians or party's like ovld don't realise this. Why block actually defends this.","curiosity"
"Help, I'm scared and want to go back.","desire"
"It was interedtinh to see. The first few sacks were schemed up, but eventually, he started beating his tackled with some consistency.","neutral"
"I don’t get it. We should just trade our bad players for other teams good players. Smfh /[NAME]","confusion"
"Violence only begets violence. We'll wind up with an authoritarian despot as ruler if there's a violent revolution.","fear"
"Please don't /u ping users in SRD.","neutral"
"you can’t duel yourself you walnut","neutral"
"I'd love either over any of the guys I listed","desire"
"Cue uncontrollable giggles.","amusement"
"Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?","annoyance"
"Lol i got bottled by one of them in a brawl with a bunch of the nazis","amusement"
"Oh of course,this bag will still be thoroughly enjoyed . Modern times have just turned me into a snob","neutral"
"If they add the yellow boots I’ll be happy. I really like this suit","joy"
"I’m sorry about your friend.","sadness"
"Good point, thank you for the correction","gratitude"
"What this is gud","neutral"
"Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.","gratitude"
"Every one hates him so your just bragging you hate him too to be cool . Its not a confession unless u say something u regret","disapproval"
"This actually made me laugh out loud","amusement"
"Thank you OP, I love you (no homo if you’re a male).","gratitude"
"Only [NAME], their deputy leader, their most experienced minister....remember there was evidence she assaulted a staffer and kept her job as a MP...","neutral"
"Luckily every elevator would be broken at all times.","disappointment"
"i get the joke and still think this sucks.","disappointment"
"I would shoot a cop who shot my animal. Save the consequences for later, you just assaulted and possibly mortally wounded my best friend. ACAB","approval"
"They could have checkmated the "journalists" and avoided this situation by saying they decided to switch to only pay for quality journalistic work.","realization"
"Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox","sadness"
"how blurry this photo is r/mildlyinfuriating","annoyance"
"Snuggling with my boyfriend","relief"
"They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass. ","neutral"
"U mad [NAME]?","surprise"
"Florida, he got two","neutral"
"When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore","disappointment"
"I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)","disapproval"
"I think this is a normal human emotion that a lot of people can relate to.","excitement"
"I keep thinking "this is it, Reddit has hit rock bottom," but they keep proving me wrong.","disappointment"
"Idk that looks like adobe gains to me..","confusion"
"I'm 27. I've been thinking about joining the club, just to avoid this inevitability ","neutral"
"Uhh speak for yourself. Maybe you're just too jittery, I've not had a problem. You simply dont move the stick and it wont move.","admiration"
""and [NAME], this is [NAME]" "Oh hi, nice to meet you, what do you do?"","admiration"
"If it’s fan made they deserve an award. Or money. Something. The score is strange though","admiration"
"I don't like sleeping in the couch :(","sadness"
"You should be proud. I hope that I'll have the will to keep myself held to such a standard when the time comes.","optimism"
"[NAME] is super happy. Nice.","joy"
"Ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?","curiosity"
"Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move","approval"
"Ass is ass!","neutral"
"35k? That's just crazy. Mine was less than 2k, and that includes the wedding dress.","curiosity"
"Sometimes the mouse attacks the snake ! I think you should start dating if he is going to be a asshat.","neutral"
"I did this for Christmas to coming home. Somewhere in Illinois I said to myself "fuck this Im flying next time and renting a car."","realization"
"I thought they held hands while they and [NAME] were watching TV ([NAME] was pretending to be sick in that episode)?","confusion"
"Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.","amusement"
"[NAME] is so immature.","neutral"
"Did no one else notice your stroke?","neutral"
"I was surprised too","surprise"
"It was an edit friend - they are the same kid. No children were hurt in the making of this gif.","neutral"
"You should really go see Aquaman though. In IMAX if you can - it's breathtakingly beautiful.","admiration"
"I'd still try to pet it","caring"
"omg i have no idea why but i heard this in [NAME]' voice and it was better than a bible.","surprise"
"Bears suck!","neutral"
"Does this have any association with KPW?","neutral"
"Emotional support [NAME]?","neutral"
"I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess","confusion"
"How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?","anger"
"I mean, if it’s rotten food, especially fruit, mixed with various meats and maybe some seafood- you can get a pretty mean stench going. ","neutral"
"Follow your gut instinct. You will be ok. You are young and have a bright future.","caring"
"I reccomend the lego movie!","approval"
"He got his drawers blowed off","neutral"
"I mean, sharing is caring and momma wants her cummies. ","neutral"
"What evidence at all shows that [NAME] was an accomplice?","confusion"
"happy birthday, have some gold!","neutral"
"How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks","gratitude"
"Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.","neutral"
"calm down there satan","neutral"
"I love almost everything Ethiopian but by [NAME] is Ethiopian music hard to listen to","love"
"Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.","gratitude"
"Blind kid throes better first pitch than [NAME]","neutral"
"The kid seems more mature than his mother","realization"
"[NAME] scratched again lmao. Lines are good though. Pretty optimal considering what we have imo. I like [NAME] playing with [NAME]","amusement"
"On reflection I might've been harsh on [NAME], but Bandai's existence was forgettable like a swing flashback in Naruto.","approval"
"I once went alert on N1 and killed 3 people.. 2 maf and a doc. Doc got resurrected later thankfully","gratitude"
"There are [NAME] fans on this subreddit. Awesome","excitement"
"They too wish they could be comfortable, but they have this idea that they can't.","sadness"
"I guess the trick is not to eliminate susceptibility to 51% but to minimize it extremely.","confusion"
"It's 2019 and people are *still* saying "SJW's?" Ha! Hahahahaha! Oh my life. [NAME].","amusement"
"Honestly, I wouldn’t want to poop without my phone either. Gotta scroll reddit while I’m poopin!","neutral"
"Communism advocates a stateless society. They just got kicked in the head into believing Private Property is bad.","neutral"
"I read that as "It's fat being fucked in the picture" lmfaoooo","anger"
"Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]","neutral"
"Thanks! Itll take some getting used to for sure but I'm excited to move on.","excitement"
"Please list them and sources as well. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Even if you were a woman, your personality is so vile and yuck I would happily do 20 years in prison for murdering you.","curiosity"
"Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.","annoyance"
"[NAME], you’re 12. Go do your homework instead of trying to be edgy on the Internet. ","neutral"
"first of all calm down. second","neutral"
"Chogochujang is a fuckin drug. I've convinced myself that I'll take a bottle to wherever I travel in case the food doesnt fit my taste","disgust"
"I remember them looking very happy. I loved that they were there and seemed very happy about what was happening.","realization"
"They love to prey on women that have just given birth. It’s so disgusting!","disgust"
"Wow those girls in the corner "twerking" were the best (worst?) part. ","admiration"
"Probably end of February and all of March before release. I think that's what they did last year","nervousness"
"Lol no, you said that it isn’t called swinging anymore so I was curious as to what partner swapping was called now.","amusement"
"The embassy staff has already been expelled from the country by my understanding.","neutral"
"Well technically [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] get eliminated again but from the ones still in the competition yes no one goes home","realization"
"Is that you, [NAME]?","confusion"
"As a former [NAME], I apologize. That’s tough","embarrassment"
"Don’t be a class traitor","disapproval"
"Ha. She cried because you influenced it.","neutral"
"His mind is free of anxiety he is now able to concentrate","neutral"
"That Pixel art yak is so cute tho.","admiration"
"Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.","admiration"
"I never thought about that. Good point. Cursed and wilted rose, unlike [NAME] rose emblem.","approval"
"That'll be a testical festival for sure. Have fun.","joy"
"Does anyone know what the BBC actually said? That article doesn't have the e-mail in which they admitted it.","approval"
"Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.","gratitude"
"Now you know which cars to wreck into !","disgust"
"makeup call lol","joy"
"The fix is in.. to convenient.","neutral"
"This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.","optimism"
"Why don't you just move to secular country like North Korea, China or Sweden? Leave theists alone we don't want you.","anger"
"Didn't go, but that's a killer picture.","gratitude"
"I hope so too, she deserves it.","neutral"
"This is oddly wholesome. I love it.","admiration"
"I agree. More stupid ideas by ''the adults in the room''.","approval"
"Not even in The Twelve Days of Christine? She was amazing in that.","admiration"
"I hate this, and I hate you. But actually I love this, and only like you.","anger"
"I'm disappointed by him not bragging about his 99 level atheism.","disappointment"
"Was that just for concorde or just every flight?","neutral"
"I don't know, they'd have to reduce the accuracy of the NPCs a bit then cause I sure don't like 1-shotters using aimbot","neutral"
"The thin side and endlines are really throwing me off.","neutral"
"Would rather not waste 2 more years of Odell and Saquon's prime tanking for a QB 2 years from now. He will enjoy Tampa","amusement"
"Oh dear, I'm so sorry you are going through this. I don't have any sage advice but I hope things get better for you.","neutral"
"She looks like a petite adult to me, her face is obviously adult","approval"
"Had to stop and wonder what [NAME] has to do with this before I realize you wrote dumpster","surprise"
"I had thought about Millport but not the rest, great idea thanks 😁","neutral"
"I think you mean the announcement","neutral"
"This is awesome!","excitement"
"They were pretty hysterical about [NAME]. Certainly surpassed by [NAME] hysteria though.","neutral"
"I always thought the U was for urine .. well this is going to be awkward.","neutral"
"We welcome her with open arms.","neutral"
"Why do the people there lose their jobs? Not doubting you, I just don't understand those rehab centers. ","confusion"
"I didn't have the strength to finish this, had to go watch some cringe videos to wash this bad boy out of my brain.","annoyance"
"they just want someone to agree with them and tell them they're right. that's all these sorts of posts ever are.","approval"
"I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread","love"
"True. I don't know the survival rates of the women in ancient rome but I can't imagine it was fantastic.","confusion"
"They're off thinking about ways they can avoid topics and deflect more, since they seem so good at that lately.","neutral"
"They can stay but not become citizens.","neutral"
"Pasta left to your door today is 4 years as outdated! Be aware. Some quality grammar there...","disappointment"
"Burn through ALL THE DATA","neutral"
"Arguably this post is [NAME] favorite post on Reddit one hundred percent. Lmao #muglife","amusement"
"my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc","disapproval"
"[NAME] is a happy boi!!","neutral"
"His returns or his W2?","confusion"
"Yeahhhh no, you're banned for this whole convo.","approval"
"it’s liu kang and kung lao... they’ll be playable","optimism"
"What would constitute proof to you?","neutral"
"Im about to order 1b-lsd today since thats all i can get here legaly and dont have underground conections to get real acid. I will keep that in mind :D","curiosity"
"Great show - up until the last half of the final episode. It was such a lackluster, disappointing ending for what was a great series.","admiration"
"The NCAA doesn't just decide whatever they want. They are bound by the laws of the United States just like everyone else.","neutral"
"Because they saw it once done before.... on IG!","neutral"
"The people who announce this early only mean to shape the conversation. We can measure his influence in dollars until a smaller subset of nominees take the lead.","approval"
"All the best!","caring"
"I understand. Sorry that happened to you. Stay strong!","remorse"
"Shhhh, let him be special","neutral"
"Hi everyone!","neutral"
"why cant gifs not have sound? thats for youtubes are for.","curiosity"
"I like were ur head is.","love"
"I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.","excitement"
"Being with someone else means nothing, he seems like he might be abusive in the future. You did the right thing cutting him off.","optimism"
"wow bailed tf out","admiration"
"I can feel his cheeks puffing out.","nervousness"
"Where’s your shop my dude? I’m in Sydney I’ll come visit for a haircut","curiosity"
"Great now my child is crying","admiration"
"What was that?!","confusion"
"With the weather we are having, it is a surprise when a battery works.","surprise"
"Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.","approval"
"I wish they would have focused on them in the first movie, and slowly handed the torch off to the next gen by the 3rd.","desire"
"me: haha im an incel. rApE sHoUlD bE lEgAl! wOmEn ArE iNcApAbLe Of ThInKiNg greaseball who stares at my chest on the bus: Well, actually...","amusement"
"That is awful. :(","disgust"
"The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got","approval"
"I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.","anger"
"It's a black cockatoo. They're rare and kind of beautiful to see.","excitement"
"I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !","love"
"And you'd be in prison.","neutral"
"I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.","remorse"
"Well, there goes my lunch. This is somehow even worse than mine.","admiration"
"11 years goddamit I’m old","anger"
"Interesting that these two have made such a splash. I might check into this season if it's worth watching.","optimism"
"Yes I would love to see!","joy"
"I just looked for this sub so I could comment on how great he is.","admiration"
"Happy birthday!","joy"
"It's been with me all day. Those reams of entries is one of the most quietly horrific things I've ever seen.","disgust"
"r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!","admiration"
"It's been a while since I watched anything from WWE and new [NAME] looks like the homeless version of old Lince Dorado.","admiration"
"Yeah. The only time I ever parked like that was after a too few many.","neutral"
"The problem with C4 wasn't that it was short, but that nothing really happened. ","neutral"
"Are we still taking people who say "globalists" seriously? these people should be tarred and feathered and mocked at every turn","neutral"
"Thanks for your words. I appreciate hearing from you. You bring up some very disturbing points.","annoyance"
"Thanks for the contribution. Really enlightening.","gratitude"
"Nothing cool about Infinite genders and Sexual confussion. Populism and Structuralism is interesting but as short term goals.","curiosity"
"I was prepared to accept [NAME] for Pirela!","neutral"
"Thank you for being proud of me!","gratitude"
"Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.","neutral"
"Both look great, but I like the second one better. I'm a dude though and I have no sense of what works for other guys.","approval"
"I think morality and purpose are fundamentally subjective and I don't see how rush would change if a god existed","confusion"
"I don't remember accurately but something in the lines of >and slightly leaning back so as to not be able to reach the remote","neutral"
"She isn't disrespectful like [NAME] but she's also a cheater and she's making ridiculous excuses for her cheating","annoyance"
"Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.","disappointment"
"I like that they have a red light camera there to combat the red light runners. You can see it flash twice at 0:48.","joy"
"Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.","surprise"
"Her hair has looked it’s best since around 2015ish. I love the dark hair on her with the subtle pops of color.","neutral"
"Alright then, I'm glad to hear that. I hope it's handled in any case.","joy"
"this would work!!","optimism"
"see, i'm over here thinking "i hate sports" now if you could just take my balls and go home","anger"
"Technically, that time passed a very long time ago. She might not have much of an option anymore. ","neutral"
"Because Rian is a hack...and TLJ sucks. That's my default response that seems to be the correct answer most often. lol","neutral"
"Interesting to see the bulk of people in that thread are pretty anti-[RELIGION].","curiosity"
"Thank [NAME] for the disclaimer you almost tricked me justin","gratitude"
"Cute! And similar coloring to mine. :)","admiration"
"You must be new to character ranking threads if you think I'm *genuinely* upset at some random person's worthless opinions.","annoyance"
"It's the top comment. How weird.","admiration"
"Yep of course.","neutral"
"WE FOUND THE HERETIC AMONGST US!","excitement"
"As of about 15 minutes ago Edit: yes, I know I have a problem","realization"
"Oh boy, leprosy!","amusement"
"I just mean symbolically it's weird to call your own flesh a 'blanket'.","annoyance"
"Is it just me or does the outro hurt your ears. The intro is a whole 12/10 but the outro just seems to hurt","disappointment"
"Thanks man!","gratitude"
"I actually feel assaulted by this video.","fear"
"I think I speak for most when I say: Please post the video","confusion"
"Thanks, going to check them out next time i make something like chilli","gratitude"
"I feel like this list is way off base from what we've been hearing.","neutral"
"cant wait for their collective breakdown if she goes home","neutral"
"Jimmy Carter 2020","neutral"
"You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you","realization"
"Considering that the majority of people who play poker still open limp, I'm surprised these posts aren't more common.","surprise"
""I CAN CLEAN MY OWN VAGINA NOW!" Kills me every time. ","annoyance"
"That's where gen Z begins. Every 3-5 years the next 'wave' comes","neutral"
"Ok mister [NAME] triggered boy","neutral"
"I almost think he may have opened the door.","curiosity"
"I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic","love"
"If [NAME] ever steps down, it seems like [NAME] would be the perfect replacement.","neutral"
"Hey, [NAME] isn't *that* annoying","annoyance"
"Thanks! You too!","gratitude"
"I think we can all agree that [NAME] sucks","approval"
"Better hope nobody steals your keys","optimism"
"You gotta understand there’s always someone who can beat you. Man thinks he’s untouchable","disapproval"
"Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.","admiration"
"I did. He wasn't. Y'all lost. Keep living in the past tho.","neutral"
"because it's fun","neutral"
"Oh the irony in the title","joy"
"We need mark-ass brownlee","approval"
"As a society we should be ashamed of the fact that this is even a question. Let the suffering stop obviously.","neutral"
"Looking forward to seeing these people have their characters die in sudden and extravagant ways.","neutral"
"Or, you can unsubscribe to the subreddit that discusses all the things you hate that actually pertain to the show.","neutral"
"State or freedom, either way PR would be better off than the shitshow that was [NAME]","admiration"
"He also had a huge game. He was taking advantage of [NAME]. So without him this game isn’t even that close.","approval"
"Me too, I've heard before that I'm too blunt and I feel bad about it at times","disgust"
"Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.","remorse"
"Score is currently 12-12 when 25:th round begins and [NAME] has 35-10 stats. Insane.","annoyance"
"Did the same thing more than 20 years ago and I still think about it periodically. Brutal.","realization"
"I would have said ok well I'll just take this back to the store.","approval"
"Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help","curiosity"
"Then people clapped","neutral"
"Thanks. I needed to hear that.","gratitude"
"My condolences.","sadness"
""Being able to attract women" shouldn't be the only way you rate how good a person is. That's ridiculous.","annoyance"
"Young [NAME] works to hard for his name to be slandered like this.","neutral"
"I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.","approval"
"Isn't that exactly what the Dunning-Kruger effect is - someone over estimating their understanding / ability?","neutral"
"Cool reaaaaally cool and thank you verry much is all i can say and that i will do that","gratitude"
"Her name is [NAME].","neutral"
"Yup, same as you but when I'm waking up. Too much effort trying to remember letters with little meaning when I'm waking up.","neutral"
"I think a six month prison sentence is in order for that missed tackle against the cowgirls. Maybe some community service if he's got a good lawyer.","neutral"
"This is absolutely the proper place to post this.","approval"
"That’s how capitalism works","neutral"
"In the 1st quarter too. I love it.","love"
"Yes! Actor [NAME]. Really talented.","admiration"
"That would be rough my dude, cops are trained to aim for center mass.","neutral"
"IMO it's time to go, wth would you put up with that","annoyance"
"Never liked hip hop. Grew up around gangster life style, hated it. I also laugh at the "mythology" that grew up around it. ","annoyance"
"[NAME] comment has me laughing","amusement"
"or just more competent.","neutral"
"nice try buddy","pride"
"Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.","neutral"
"Ah I had no idea!","realization"
"I hope you stay as warm and safe as you can ❄💙","approval"
"I have regrets. But I am trying to make the best of the situation.","neutral"
"Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm. ","nervousness"
"Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.","realization"
"Its a half baked RP. If they wanted to kill each other they oculd have just started shooting.","neutral"
"I think I’m in that Facebook group. This should be fun haha. They’ll prob eat you alive.","amusement"
"I'm polish too. I love my family but I would never even consider trying to live there trying to be happy.","disappointment"
"No is just apologize and explain the situation","gratitude"
"I guess I can see how someone thousands of miles away would say that, but its far from the truth.","disapproval"
"It's in my top 3 songs, with heard em say, and through the wire. Such great tracks","admiration"
"Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.","neutral"
"This really bothers me too. I completely agree. It would have helped us avoid a US situation. Now I think we're barreling toward it","annoyance"
"LOL! You're fucked.","amusement"
"Damn we got 7th grade conspiracy theorists in the world these days?!?!","confusion"
"Must be so frustrating having the wrong old man facing their own shutdowns.","anger"
"Wah wahooooo!","excitement"
"Crazy he took 1 year contract instead of a stable 4 year contract. Kind of shows you how dumb the guy is, 1 injury is all it takes","neutral"
"See also: "Useless College Degrees From Prestigious and Ridiculously Overpriced Universities"","disappointment"
"sorry you have to deal with things like that. i hope things are better where you are now","optimism"
"She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.","love"
"GINO!!!","neutral"
"I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!","admiration"
"I already did","neutral"
"I was shocked. They were talking earlier on the news about her losing by less than 100 being a victory, of sorts.","surprise"
"I'm more surprised the dash cam was functioning properly. Usually around these incidents 3 of them were not recording and one had the lens cap on...","surprise"
"*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*","disapproval"
"I know how it feels. I’m just too Anxious to sleep.","curiosity"
"I didn't know that he did. Just Googled it. Dope!","confusion"
"This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.","realization"
"Thank you. That's encouraging. I hope to find people like that to learn from.","gratitude"
"I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.","approval"
"Hey what a coincidence so is a human head!","realization"
"Enjoy","joy"
"Not an awful offer but I don't know if I see AD promising to resign long term in Dallas.","confusion"
"It's hard to respect them as an organization when we hear shit like this. They will struggle as a franchise to win another WS anytime soon.","neutral"
"Wouldn't it be better if it was like 2017. More OL available later on for us.","neutral"
"Looks like it. I didn't make it, I just found it.","realization"
"every time it gets a little wet and windy","neutral"
"I’m in one of those schools now got offered weed yesterday almost bullied into smoking","neutral"
"I don't like [NAME] this season but she's always been a favorite before. Am I the only one? She has an edge that seems unlikable","curiosity"
"A lot of times the only thing holding any of us back is ourselves. It's not too late to start writing either.","disapproval"
"[NAME] fouled him. It's simple.","approval"
"What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(","approval"
"I am serious. I have no idea what they were prior to a few days ago.","confusion"
"You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one. ","admiration"
"How did anyone not know what this movie was? WE HAVE OUR OWN RELIGION.","curiosity"
"Thanks ! so need to try a donair sounds amazing","excitement"
"fucking seriously.","anger"
"I'm not apologizing for it. I just didn't think there was something this blatantly immoral in the new testament.","annoyance"
""every time she was in trouble I was there for her" - the man who caused most of her troubles ","caring"
"It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.","annoyance"
"“1, personal space. 2, I like my personal space. 3 get outa my personal space...”","anger"
"Every time without fail","neutral"
"Thank you so much. I am sorry for what happened to you.","gratitude"
"Obviously not! But that would be kinda interesting showing up on the cash total at the end of the night for the register!","neutral"
"Some old guy was just trying to punch him. That didn't look anything like Kung Fu.","neutral"
"Oh. This is so true. I have maybe 2 close friends. Smh","neutral"
"This must be what blasphemy laws felt like in the Middle Ages.","neutral"
"Crafty little bastards.","anger"
"I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.","optimism"
"Interestingly enough I think it just needs to be the heavy creamer, my wife has some sensitivities to some dairy but not all forms of it. ","neutral"
"My bad. I typo'd. It should have said "how".","disappointment"
"How does that work? If in every measurable way, its bread and wine, how can you claim its actually [NAME] body and blood?","neutral"
"Don’t dm girls you don’t know. Get on tinder or something like that.","neutral"
"I got that reference","neutral"
"El Niño is for pacific coast tho.. but yea","realization"
"kino = german for 'cinema', so a cape-kino would be a superhero movie. took me a second, too--my brain was pronouncing it like cappuccino","joy"
"Damn. I want to see some of those comments!","neutral"
"Yes. She should. Just not President. I've heard people say she should, and she is nowhere near ready for that. ","approval"
"I don't think [NAME] has landed any key punches as of yet","neutral"
"They should all be virgins until they're old enough to consent. Obviously this applies to both genders just like drinking laws.","neutral"
"I have no idea what "[NAME]" is. These billion and one denominations are getting kind of ridiculous.","annoyance"
">provide a credible source. You first. For each claim.","neutral"
"I was wondering the same thing?","admiration"
"He ran as a [NAME] in the Senate primary and then declined the nomination. Multiple times. He isn't "honoring" shit.","sadness"
"Australian here. I hereby agree that this does in fact provoke nightmares.","approval"
"If you don't like it, you didn't have to comment. Just let people be happy.","optimism"
"This 2D-meets-3D feel has been in all Paper Mario games, they all have an interesting take on it.","admiration"
"Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.","disapproval"
"You said it wrong.","disapproval"
"Skinny Security Bro brings the bantz!","neutral"
"Im tiddly at beer oclock. Hello from taranaki new Zealand.","neutral"
"starting 2019 of with a banger, can't wait what else will happen this year ","curiosity"
"Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.","approval"
"Thank you. Yeah this makes sense too. I could be blaming myself more than I should","approval"
"Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.","neutral"
"Sad really. Are they really that threatened by people speaking a language? We all speak English everyday, not like we do for sectarian reasons.","curiosity"
"Are you okay? What's wrong?","caring"
"No idea what this means but the fact that you said sweetie lets me know that you’re probably really obnoxious or just being sarcastic","disapproval"
"Ok. I can support that. Do it on btc chain. Good luck. Honestly, without hiiden motives, good luck. ","caring"
"I'm sorry.","gratitude"
"That’s gotta hurt.","disappointment"
"Just because you stopped to let me cross doesn't mean the other 3 lanes of cars did.","disapproval"
"You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.","neutral"
"I don’t see why they wouldn’t, this is very much weighted in the Magic’s favor.","neutral"
"I hate beer. But I'll concede the point because others like it. ;)","disgust"
"Yeah, I’m going to do my best to avoid a fight. She’d probably kill me. ","annoyance"
"And it needs to keep pushing harder and harder to the left in order to wash away all the crap that's been enacted since [NAME] got into office.","neutral"
"Damn some of these are so cringy that i almost downvote them, but realize that they are suppose to be terrible.","annoyance"
"Edit: I realized I dont want my story publicized. Sorry yall. Too personal for me","approval"
"KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.","gratitude"
"Yes. Get used to it, it's not going away soon.","approval"
"Can’t really do much about it since our only other ball handler available today is Napier","disapproval"
"So many questions unanswered. Poor guy.","caring"
"Waaaaaaay too much work. Just make guacamole and salsa and eat it with the [NAME]","disappointment"
"When he puts it in too fast and you don't have time to let your walls expands, this is exactly how it feels... ","anger"
"Crying? Yeah i like crying C-calling R-out Y-for I-serious N-mental G-treatment","curiosity"
"No, not sarcastically :) ","disapproval"
"I'm not sure losing billions in trade is in anyone's interest other that political zealots.","approval"
"He said great investment definitely not lost is this sub going to get back on track. Just because a post is bad doesn't mean they're lost.","approval"
"Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.","excitement"
"Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers","anger"
"I mean hard to get If you don't have These mental problems, I got some from a friend and they are very useful to stop trips ","caring"
"That was the most remarkable thing, how fluid her conversations were, without a trace of shyness.","admiration"
"The pic is Mehenjo-daro?","neutral"
"Fair enough, I didn't pay attention. ","neutral"
"As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact. ","neutral"
"Oh right I was for reason thinking it was just made out with. Sleep with is even better. Sleep with [NAME], [NAME]! ","approval"
"I'm sorry you fell for the carnie, bro.","remorse"
"This is not r/lostredditors material if we just try to find something stupid on it.","disappointment"
"holy shit that person is a fucking asshole, talk about a huge red flag for your stepbrother.","annoyance"
"Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment. ","caring"
"Just made it! ‘03! StOp GrOuPiNg Me In WiTh ThE tIdE pOd GeNeRaTiOn!","neutral"
"Because they're [NAME]: > Puritanism: the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy > ([NAME])","neutral"
"i wish i got free drugs :(","neutral"
"Hm, my info may be out of date. It would be cool to see them manage good mobile support for MTG!","admiration"
"The tone is incredible.","admiration"
"The last two years of heart-breaking Saints playoff losses have *almost* made up for the horror of 2009.","annoyance"
"I've just thrown all my spoons in the bin. I'll learn to eat yoghurt with a fork.","realization"
"MR. STEAL YO' GIRL!","neutral"
"I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.","admiration"
"If all else was equal it’d be a good idea but I don’t think it’s feasible.","confusion"
"Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.","amusement"
"Waiting must be really boring","disappointment"
"I almost think he may have opened the door.","approval"
"Fair points, I just figure with all the GMO foods and whatnot, someone would have come up with a “better” tree and plant those instead.","optimism"
"That was around 5 grand but cheers and hope wherever you go in life keeps you happy and striving to go higher!","neutral"
"That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.","admiration"
"Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.","admiration"
"£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!","anger"
"[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there","neutral"
"Or they freak out if it’s “not the right sub” for your post. Like calm down","disapproval"
"I have a solid plan in place, definitely not an impulse decision. Just curious about other people’s experiences. ","approval"
"Right? It’s not like her family seems like they wouldn’t have helped with her son.","curiosity"
"I think it was, it was do scary, i honestly never wanna do that stuff again","fear"
"Wow your post history is toxic.","admiration"
"Your company sucks.","disappointment"
"Averaging 12-14 off the bench isn’t nothing","disapproval"
"Because after the troubles, making a joke about religion in Northern Ireland goes down badly. ","neutral"
"It's got what plants crave.","neutral"
"i love them both but I still think you have to be a stupid cunt to think they live happily everafter together in the end.","annoyance"
"I use amazon firestick and the app isn't too bad on there.......id say userbility and interface wise though GWN beats it hands down","curiosity"
"So you did. And now you're here talking about how it's not important.","neutral"
"Yeah, i dont know bout you guys, but my parents were pretty anal about my room being clean.","approval"
"You’re the kind of guy I could really dig... a grave for!","anger"
"I dunno...it was used for a meme and it's very fun to look at","amusement"
"I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.","approval"
"No more like he took away their talking point about paying federal workers. Lol salty downvote","neutral"
"Spicy water.","neutral"
"What are you listening to?","neutral"
"Lmao there is a reason they are one of the poorest and this is definitely a contributor..","amusement"
"I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.","remorse"
"I love this contract structure especially since [NAME] is only 31.","love"
"What are you listening to?","curiosity"
"It's a shortcut, dude, he just knows the map!","admiration"
"Wow dude.. *furious notetaking* ..*any* kid??","curiosity"
"Would you please link the thread about what cheaters think when they leave the marriage.","neutral"
"Waiting for it to get better as it’s been getting progressively, exponentially worse for 7+ yrs now","disapproval"
"730,000 readers and only 6 posts in a week? Wow...","surprise"
"But both lost, whereas moderate Sinema won. Its important because without Arizona there is no real path to Senate majority in 2020.","disappointment"
"Agreed, but it took me a while to understand that.","approval"
"RUM HAM!","neutral"
"I guess I’ll watch this surely not morbid documentary before bedtime..","neutral"
"It’s a wonder [NAME] didn’t get more duis with the amount he needed to drink","surprise"
"Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.","relief"
"Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show","joy"
"Hmm. My sister is halfway vegan and she loves oreos because they actually don't have any dairy in them.","neutral"
"Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this","excitement"
"yeah while i cant even leave the house without being an anxious mess, let alone interact with anyone... ","neutral"
"I laughed so hard at this. 🤣","amusement"
"She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.","gratitude"
"Oh, well when I said "we" I didn't mean Reddit, lol. My bad if that was unclear.","amusement"
"So you stay on your theft from auto waiting for them to dispatch the next shift to the backlog of calls.","neutral"
"Tell me more about this policy. They still fire here for defending yourself.","neutral"
"The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME].","neutral"
"Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.","sadness"
"But California (with strict, sensible gun ","neutral"
"I’m surprised they find toothpaste still","surprise"
"She's only 52","neutral"
"Currently sure, but the idea is to have a group of educated [NAME] ready to steer the inevitable civil unrest that Capitalism will bring, towards Socialism.","neutral"
"I have never heard the term "glucose guardian"! Where did that come from? I'm stealing it.","curiosity"
"Talk to your dad, he deserves to know and may help. Good luck.","gratitude"
"Over 9000 IQ Tracer. Cheers love.","joy"
"[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.","approval"
"I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.","disappointment"
"I think it was [NAME] and I'm not even convinced [NAME] caught on to it lol. Then he was made to be the moron.","approval"
"Non stop in the chat, that’s all he was responding to","neutral"
"I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.","annoyance"
"What are you apologizing for? Vent bro, that’s why we are here","curiosity"
"That's true, but I was surprised to find absolutely ZERO information about a person who , presumably, has quite a bit of power and influence.","surprise"
"Yeah father of two T1D. That post is insanely reactionary. My lord.","disapproval"
"This made me laugh way harder than it should have","amusement"
"I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad","amusement"
"Fact: violins don't make music. And if you think they do, you're stupid. ","annoyance"
"they're a bit expensive anyways","realization"
"They were my favorites. Players apparently hated them though.","approval"
"It was only a matter of time","neutral"
"He may be jealous that you were able to do so","anger"
"His whole point is that he doesn't have to give a damn about others or how they feel.","neutral"
"Lol I still reference this clip with my gf ha this dude is a legend","admiration"
"There have been some really good replies in this thread, I hope they help you too! :)","joy"
"The only thing we feel entitled to is privacy and and being free from the harassment of incels like you.","annoyance"
"Then YOU go right ahead...support and guide him.","approval"
"I love CoD4","love"
"Close the door, you're letting the heat out!","anger"
"I like it when incompident workers phone in sick. They can't annoy me then","admiration"
"The first season was excellent and two was very bad, you should try three and four though","approval"
"THIS BULLSHIT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER. SIGNATURE WIN. [NAME] SMELLS LIKE SHIT AND DOESN'T RECYCLE.","anger"
"I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!","relief"
"See i was kinda right in the first verse, thanks aha","gratitude"
"This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!","curiosity"
"So now I can't get defensive when you're being offensive? lol","amusement"
"It was my wedding song!","neutral"
"Hard pass on this!","neutral"
"That was the longest final minute I've ever seen","realization"
"Typo...RBG lol","amusement"
"I'm not rotting, I'm drinking.","neutral"
"It's seriously terrifying!","fear"
"There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.","disapproval"
"Was it? Honestly I didnt get it, even asked some other people and they didnt get. I guess color me ignorant. Care to explain? ","disappointment"
"it is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.","admiration"
"RemindMe! 3 weeks","neutral"
"It’s also extremely expensive and school options are limited. Just a thought, I’m all about advancing your career:)","disappointment"
"Even a powerline adapter won't save you from the laggy mess that is SFV","disapproval"
"Or the Lady Killers, except it's a bank and not a Casino. Set in the south too.","neutral"
"A little weird but I guess it's wholesome.","approval"
"Maybe not the only one but he is our best shot.","optimism"
"Thank you. I needed to hear this. Currently kinda spiraling pretty bad","disappointment"
"Do crime? Now you're sounding like a true Lvl. 35 [NAME].","approval"
"Deal breaks what? You generalized and assumed I am part of the loud vocal minority.","neutral"
"Sorry he was a United director when he bought it.","neutral"
"Stop gaslighting. It's gross.","neutral"
"Exactly all I hear is about [NAME] and [NAME] and nothing about [NAME] it is crazy.","neutral"
"As a matter of fact I do plan to go to germany, and I am already at B2 level in german","pride"
"I don't think I'd like that either.","disapproval"
"I live in Raleigh and all the Canes fans I know love it. So the players love it and the fans love it. Everyone else can chill","excitement"
"Drink a lot of water.","caring"
"Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.","admiration"
"When did you apply for this? The new AFI was published Oct of 2018. Have you already PCSed from Korea?","neutral"
"I’m just here trying to figure out what trumps head weasel is doing in that picture...","curiosity"
"That's not how any law works","disapproval"
"Yes, but she isn’t even close to being one of the biggest artists of the decade, like some people have claimed here. ","disappointment"
"Ask for a pic without the hat on. That hairline must be chilling with [NAME].","joy"
"i agree to kill all children","approval"
"Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe. ","caring"
"Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…","disappointment"
"Haha, actually grandpa did! Go figure ","amusement"
"Wait, wait, wait. Wait. You're talking about him not being as much into cybersex as you? Actual sex you have similar sex drives? ","neutral"
"Nobody said you don't have the right lmao","anger"
"I can’t wait for this Narrative to stop. DLO has the best numbers just look.","admiration"
"No switch , option c) everyone comes together and wins in the good spirit of non-toxic competative overwatch","neutral"
"To be fair, "Junior" was released 25 years ago.","neutral"
"I hope you'll be feeling better soon, friend","caring"
"Cheers! Let's keep it going!","joy"
"Thank you friend","gratitude"
"“What is it, [NAME]?”","neutral"
"They should get checked for everything. No reason not to.","neutral"
"Just don't cross the Tigers, hmmmm?","neutral"
"The prevailing thought is he'll be too expensive to resign. I love him as a piece on the team but he's a deal sweetener.","neutral"
"You can't argue that these are the same when clearly one of them has a monopoly over the market.","disapproval"
"Don't you know that kids need constant supervision until they turn 18? Or maybe 30. Heaven forbid they walk/bike/bus/etc to school on their own.","anger"
"Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.","annoyance"
"It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.","disgust"
"You're giving her too much credit.","annoyance"
"“I don’t want to be the only one *NOT* throwing a chair.” -Everyone","neutral"
"I still like beer.","love"
"Thanks for the advice, i appreciate it.","gratitude"
"Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case","neutral"
"Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!","neutral"
"Ok shady flags are flapping so hard I was knocked out of my chair.","neutral"
"We've actually got scientists working on that. If you're 23 right now and healthy, you've got a fairly good chance of not dying.","optimism"
"I just got banned from one of his subreddits, I haven't been this excited for a ban since the snap from /r/thanosdidnothingwrong!","disappointment"
"It’s been posted dozens and dozens of times since last night. People fucking suck.","disappointment"
"RemindMe! 3 day","neutral"
"Sorry, there was a little bitterness in my voice from how my father treated me. Not directed at OP. I am in the wrong. ","remorse"
"Yeah, but most people who have body pillows don't have girlfriends so can we really use this as a good example","neutral"
"Do you.....have a certificate showing you're not a donkey-brained man?","anger"
"Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.","excitement"
"Aw look at her little coat","admiration"
"Sonofabitch that makes it so much better [NAME] Edit: you talking about this?","amusement"
"It's my monthly luxury. I don't go to Starbucks or eat out, I instead go to Disney lol","neutral"
"She walked that back today","neutral"
"This was extremely helpful, many thanks!","gratitude"
"I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊","approval"
"Already I can can hear the screaming and howling of the neoliberal right. They will amuse me.","neutral"
"Pinkwashing a violent, repressive institution isn’t cool. ","neutral"
"[NAME] might be up your alley, friend. ","neutral"
"It did, my LL ex was emotionally and verbally abusive. When I left, it was because I'd rather be *alone* than stay with her. ","neutral"
">[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.","disappointment"
"yeah this doesn’t represent our fan base well. gg guys!","embarrassment"
"You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was","gratitude"
"Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.","gratitude"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were the ones I had in mind, but I'm not surprised they're not the only ones from what I've heard.","surprise"
"I can do that too but I have diarrhea","disappointment"
"But it's still....the geographic location of Arizona haha.","excitement"
"Hi, [NAME]! I thought I would stop by and wish you a wonderful and prosperous year! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot","joy"
"Hahaha well good! Let me know if you have any questions or anything","amusement"
"Ok but it’s easy to worry when the legal drinking age in your nation is one of the lowest among first-world countries.","neutral"
"You don't have a point. Yes there are aspects of crypto that is confusing. Getting confused between buying BTC or BCH is not one of them.","confusion"
"Trusting readers is something we cannot afford in this day and age.","disapproval"
"Break up? Lol you lost me right there. I thought you were a rational dude until the mourning your “break up”. Decent troll 6/10","neutral"
"Impact? I'm merely interested in how low you will sink.","excitement"
"Yeah I don’t even know when that would’ve come up in basic, but maybe I just went at a bad time lmao.","approval"
"Thanks for looking out. Trying to keep expectations low but already have date two planned! Fingers crossed.","optimism"
"Nah, she cute dawg. ","admiration"
"I mean there's a pretty big community of people that idolize school shooters and rapists so you never know on the internet.","admiration"
"You honestly think a law did away with straw purchases? Stop lying.","annoyance"
"Please no, I have a family!!!","disappointment"
"Go to McCalisters and get their sweet tea, THEN decide.","neutral"
"I always feel high the day after I smoke than after a day or two I feel fine u should be ok","approval"
"Wtf is it 2015 again?","curiosity"
"I love the smell of Napalm in the morning","love"
"I would be afraid he would come back and somehow blame me for his failure.","embarrassment"
"My friend, come, I sell you! ","caring"
"Just kidding man 😂😂","amusement"
"About as odd as it is noticing a hockey players finger nails on tv","embarrassment"
"Thanks for admitting your a slob","gratitude"
"Not an unattractive man, he’s gonna need real plastic surgery to fix that. ","neutral"
"That doesn’t even look like her! Except the [NAME] in the background, now that’s the one we know and love.","disapproval"
"Someone somewhere decided that today is the day they're tired of their job. We've all been there.","neutral"
"I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.","approval"
"> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)","joy"
"Tell me about it. Never felt like I fit into this gen.","neutral"
"Women can pick on a man's height but all hell breaks loose if you tell their make up is garbage and they might have a weight problem.","annoyance"
"Thanks all. It was a league game in our local bar. The dealer rotates on each hand. Lesson learned from me.","gratitude"
"My favorite kind of post","admiration"
"Not a woosh but ok","neutral"
""A lot can change in 365 days. Hang in there."","caring"
"Because you can totally decide what's harrasing and what isn't for other people.","neutral"
"Yup! She was also on a show called Queen Bees that was on the N network. I have never seen that show but I really want to","curiosity"
"Anyone who fell for the Lonzo hype from the beginning should slap themselves.","curiosity"
"He already has a baby with his girlfriend who’s gorgeous","admiration"
"That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.","embarrassment"
"Looks like something you'd eat in Monster Hunter","neutral"
"I was at that game!!","neutral"
"I don't like the zombey cookies.","disgust"
"I'm really sorry for your loss friend. I hope everything is okay on your end too.","grief"
"Can't wait to bring it to 1","neutral"
"I think I’m in that Facebook group. This should be fun haha. They’ll prob eat you alive.","amusement"
"Nothing wrong with striving. Forcibly making people is though.","annoyance"
"And of course, instead of calling out the men responsible for this behavior, the "Not all men" crowd has arrived in full force.","neutral"
"That's a weird way of spelling Disenchanted","annoyance"
"worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW","disgust"
"Lol I don’t disagree, but the perimeter defense let them walk into the paint. You can blame [NAME] too.","amusement"
"Sony, for similar design on generic game controllers.","admiration"
"Man I know youre joking but they swept us and still got the better pick. Pretty lame.","amusement"
"You missed the pi.","neutral"
"They certainly haven't re-used a plot reveal that is now 40 years old.","annoyance"
"I enjoy being a girl. (are shutdown memes still allowed? ...No matter. Couldn't find a decent one for this)","joy"
"They did this at one of my jobs. The icing on the 'fuck you cake' was the drivers' last day was 4 days before Christmas.","anger"
"It’s funny","amusement"
"They’re saying it was a sick barista","neutral"
"Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.","gratitude"
"If they could get a psychologist/therapist maybe they would have a better life.","optimism"
"Good ol retro windows","neutral"
"A) at first it looked like sex doll B) aren't the staples gonna sting you in the ass at some point?","curiosity"
"It's in case he suffers from amnesia and forgets his name.","neutral"
"I said nothing of the sort.","approval"
"Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting! ","excitement"
"It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!","neutral"
"Yea but you seem to forget how bad we were last year. Worst year in the franchise history.","sadness"
"[NAME] has 5 goals in 4 games for us doesn’t he?","neutral"
"No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(","disapproval"
"I am from Darwin, and can NOT confirm that "Darwin has a surprisingly high amount of good looking women" Must be hanging around the wrong places","confusion"
"I'd be careful with that, could be construed as cybersquatting which is illegal.","optimism"
"Looks like the nightingale armour from Sky rim still pretty cool tho","admiration"
"I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.","approval"
"She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.","disappointment"
"yeah I agree w you, just annoying that the limit is so small","approval"
"These people are so full of hate it's disgusting and disheartening at the same time. How do you de-radicalize these people?","anger"
"Please! She’s my #1 choice. The rare mix of super likeable and hypercompetent. Like [NAME] mixed with [NAME].","admiration"
"I believe they shot him through the door in the back.","optimism"
"You’re right to defend your property is more valuable than the person who’s trying to steal it.","approval"
"This makes so much sense. Seems she has been icing me. Time to call it quits","annoyance"
"Literally anything regarding [NAME] and her weird fans belongs here","neutral"
"Dude, you forgot the dozen donuts!","neutral"
"I love many fanarts of this paring, but this is one of my favorite ones. :)","love"
"Let's see what [NAME] thought about it...","curiosity"
"Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!","neutral"
"I just tell myself that I'll be put together for some girl. She won't have to treat me like a fixer upper.","disappointment"
"If someone posts it I would need some hard fuckin proof that it’s actually a [NAME] pick","neutral"
"That is a very handsome dog.","admiration"
"Can't say that I do, no.","disapproval"
"I killed. Last thing I want is to [NAME] don't trust [NAME] anymore, as he will always remember that he could have saved [NAME]","neutral"
"It'll certainly make Naboo throne room interesting.","curiosity"
"Brace yourself","neutral"
"Doesn't work for a newspaper. I was just laughing because I said to him that I could see that happening. Opened reddit and saw your post.","amusement"
"I’m not a detective, but I don’t think it was her. ","disapproval"
"I think he's showing the scissor cutting himself in half to illustrate the type of discourse it produces when it cuts populations in half","neutral"
"This is great, thank you","admiration"
"Ah yes, my favorite waifu: Picasso-San. ","admiration"
"Day 1557: people still complaining about a commercial","realization"
"So is she worth switching from Skye","admiration"
"Lol! But I love your last name though. XD","amusement"
"Peel the avocado...","neutral"
"so nice i had to put her twice","admiration"
"Who's excited for the reveal of mortal kombat 11 next week?","neutral"
"Gotta love that good old libertarian to fascist pipeline.","love"
"Its just coming out now...","neutral"
":) thank you!","gratitude"
"[NAME] is pretty fucking scary","fear"
"Sweet [NAME]. Yes. He. We are men. We are married. Stare if you want.","neutral"
"medical care in the US sucks.","neutral"
"He has a lot of patience. 😆","admiration"
"you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote","anger"
"Those are separate issues from the sample size.","approval"
"Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.","admiration"
"Yep that was incredibly rude. What kind of adult sits down and decides to put that in a major magazine? Just unbelievable.","neutral"
"Ah good, now I don't have to do it.","relief"
"Wait... i was told the revolution happens when a girl rejects all her parents taught her and gives her boyfriend her love....","love"
"This feels more like "Lofi Rock" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting.","excitement"
"Thank you ladies !","gratitude"
"if it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on","nervousness"
"I liked the slug :(","admiration"
">ageism Lol. Nobody's *discriminating against* these folks cuz they're teenagers. Settle it down, mate.","neutral"
"EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.","neutral"
"You know, that never occurred to me! So keep cool in summer, warm in winter?","admiration"
"Congratulations! Welcome to the world, new person!","joy"
"me too, always smoke a cig with the joint, they are best friends","admiration"
"I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.","fear"
"I feel like they missed a good opportunity to make the track in the shape of Texas.","neutral"
"Same. They’re gorgeous","neutral"
"[NAME] is having a hard time moving on. [NAME] need to cash in with AD before the trade deadline, because his value is going down after this season.","approval"
"Lol no.","amusement"
"No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.","disapproval"
"No because they’re your property on your property.","neutral"
"Thanks for posting this.","gratitude"
"This spoke to my soul. I might cry 😭. I really do run away from my feelings","disappointment"
"BPA not fit especially when we dont have a good team","neutral"
"i prefer this","love"
"here’s hoping the same is true for me!","optimism"
"I don’t think that can happen here.","disapproval"
"Apart from the attempted basketball pass he's been great","gratitude"
"Bro. We’ve been cursed since way before that.","annoyance"
"So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!","optimism"
"Aaaaand sold out.","neutral"
"I could've done without the bottom right pic.","disappointment"
"Yeah, think there's only about 100k of them. Can certainly say I don't know of any besides [NAME].","confusion"
"I will then be singing "The hills are alive with the sound of music."","neutral"
"Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.","annoyance"
"Thank you for this, so excited!","excitement"
"They shout it near the end. Listen for WAAAAAAALLLLLL","excitement"
"I just mentioned it to another poster but we have reached Poe's Law where I actually don't know if they are being satirical or not.","anger"
"Yeah, apparently they're wrong. It is a bummer and only getting worse, it seems.","annoyance"
"Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.","annoyance"
"are you tagging them as your #WCW? if not, you should start","neutral"
"What a pc cuck","disgust"
"I like beating wales cause my friend is welsh and I like beating the french because I’m English and it feels natural","relief"
"Thank you for your service","gratitude"
"Love Myself by [NAME]. It’s a song about touching yourself. Kids were singing it.","love"
"[NAME] on Road Trippin' with how much fun she has with ET and gets super straight forward with anybody else.","neutral"
"They are too busy getting murdered and mugged to give a crap about all these vigalantes","neutral"
"Mmm I dunno about that 😊 but thank you","confusion"
"I have these high powered magnets...","approval"
"I'm surprised that the police have not send her to a mental institution","surprise"
"The QB said they loved it","love"
"Of course :) thanks for reading it!","approval"
"He looks so young without a beard/moustache though.","approval"
"Go get one of those interest free loans provided by banks, you basically get your check just with extra steps.","neutral"
"I think the [NAME] biscuit joke takes the cake","neutral"
"Mum asked me if I was on those steroids today, I'm very, very obviously natty but my mum always got my back. ","admiration"
"So creepy. Made me check my locks.","annoyance"
"What supplements/brands do you get? I've been looking into it but there are so many options, I don't know where to start!","confusion"
"We invest in other countries, in 250, 500, and 1000 lb bombs. Look at all our investments fruition's! ","annoyance"
"No, just three gifts. I guess it could have been an entire room full of dudes (magi)","disapproval"
"It’s because their pay sucks. You get what you pay for! Edit: grammar MoFo!","disappointment"
"He's so far into his fantasy land he can't let anyone say a fact to his face, it would destroy his dreams. Poor little snowflake u/chabanais ","neutral"
"This is so aesthetically pleasing. Wow. And yum!","pride"
"That's the weirdest dream I've heard of, but maybe you just have a high midichlorian count 😂","disgust"
"Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected","surprise"
"Enjoy wes virginnie","joy"
""My body is not me, but it is only one of the most popular songs ever.","admiration"
"The building with a castle on top of it would be my childhood depiction of the Renaissance tower","neutral"
"Interesting. My AP is probably more my opposite than my SO.","neutral"
"I'm surprised that the police have not send her to a mental institution","surprise"
"They don't want to waste the script they used for [NAME] campaign. Because that was such a rousing success.","excitement"
"He's know for making rhythms.","neutral"
"That's racist.","annoyance"
"Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying","embarrassment"
"Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.","annoyance"
"You can read those descriptions, they are much better than the ones on 16 personalities (16 personalities seems pretty lackluster to ","approval"
"Must've been some damn good fries...","love"
"That looks like food for a 12 year old.","neutral"
"i didn't say u were, i'm power horny not power hungry tho","approval"
"This is amazing. Love these edits.","admiration"
"Found my flair.","joy"
"Its had enough of this life and ending it all.","annoyance"
"dude different folks different strokes. don’t kill my buzz bro. happy new years!!!","annoyance"
"It depends on if she can download discord and I was planning on emailing her when she gets it","neutral"
"That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.","admiration"
"Please refrain from attacking character instead of content. Please take a moment to read our sidebar. Further similar comments will result in a ban.","neutral"
"Digital Wellbeing","neutral"
"Yeah I forget where I clicked from sometimes and accidentally upvote so I have to scroll back up and un-upvote lol","neutral"
"Good job [NAME]!","gratitude"
"True, but I meant he has no holiday themed skin from any of those events and all his skins (volsksya included) are pretty bland sadly...","sadness"
"It's a miracle","surprise"
"Now you seem like a dumb cunt","neutral"
"Hey! My numbers are 696!","neutral"
"Is it... alive?","neutral"
"She looks so FIERCE. I love it.","love"
"Holy fuck dude. Use the mute button. Your feelings were hurt with one message, now click it, thanks ^_^","caring"
"He "dies" shortly after the inn, from a wound caused by the fight he had there. [NAME] just walks away from him.","neutral"
"I hope they appreciate the fact someone is getting up earlier than them in order for this to all work. I appreciate you, and I'm unemployed.","admiration"
"My office has very few personal offices. Its awful. Managers need closed spaces so they can talk without everybody hearing","disgust"
"Ever heard of the New Deal? Look it up, it was pretty cool.","admiration"
"this is why I love reddit","love"
"I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.","optimism"
"group wasn't bad. Edit: Unless you're talking home rentals then my bad.","admiration"
"last year i had a major crush on one of my guy friends. still do.","love"
"Ive faced the same immortal teams 3 times out of 4 so far. So not by much at least","neutral"
"Someone else said that, I never examined it that closely because I was too busy having a good laugh lol.","amusement"
"Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.","disgust"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"If the hot end starts pointing towards space you are having a bad problem and you will not go to space today.","disapproval"
"I will dude. Have a good one","caring"
"In ten years, I've met maybe 2 korean teachers that actually spoke English in the class. Out of hundreds.","neutral"
"Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.","joy"
"And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D","joy"
"Downvoting because of a lack of funny, regardless of your clumsy attempt to insinuate that my doing so means I'm thin skinned.","neutral"
"No they are not.","neutral"
"Plot twist, they're all looking at a mirror because everyone there is a beautiful student","admiration"
"Um....Yes? I would love it if everyone didn't believe in [NAME].","approval"
"What u doing dame","neutral"
"Same. I can’t even imagine it","surprise"
"As a woman who drives a Jeep, I am not getting another one.","annoyance"
"What a game.","admiration"
"Yes, thankfully it has never happened to me, asking out of (morbid) curiosity.","relief"
"I expect him to perform similar to 2017, though I'm hoping he breaks out (3~4 WAR).","desire"
"CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.","neutral"
"It’s crazy how invisible, worthless internet points control us","neutral"
"Are we seeking attention? Waaaaaaaaaaaaah!","excitement"
"Is it just me, or do things mean a lot less when they are repeated like 12 times. This video is pretty much that","excitement"
"2nd one resounds with me so much, I rarely realize how little I trust other people to do any task lol","realization"
"You didn't say they were racist channels","annoyance"
"Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire","gratitude"
"Selam Aleikum wa arrahmatulla wa baraktu Say [NAME] please renew my Iman in prayers it will inshalla help","optimism"
"In the shower, years after it's happened and everyone else has forgotten about it.","realization"
"Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.","neutral"
"I miss the bch/bsv war...the quality of posts were getting better....back to square 1","remorse"
"Man it’s easy to cut your wiener off. Easy!","neutral"
"I won't even reply anymore. That radio silence mid convo really gets on my nerves.","disappointment"
"out of curiosity, What are you watching?","curiosity"
"Good luck! It's a long road ahead for us :P i have a job interview next week and i'm going all in for it.","optimism"
"Drink a lot of water.","neutral"
"The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!","joy"
"It’s not false like I said he’s implied it but he probably said it behind closed doors before","optimism"
"Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it. ","surprise"
"Shes awful and its all about her. Try again. And when the show has awful ratings thatll be confirmed.","neutral"
"Looks wise you sound dateable but no, I wouldn't date you, because you seem to have an overemphasis on appearance","admiration"
"That's what I think of the school that gave AOC a degree in Economics.","admiration"
"I'm so happy for you !","excitement"
"ya lol i’m not here to depress myself more than i already am","amusement"
"Somehow I feel like it needs an NSFW tag.","confusion"
"Can’t be worse than last week","disgust"
"I'm not saying your analysis is wrong or not based on evidence, just that the data it generates is not useful. ","neutral"
"I’d say probably not","optimism"
"The irony of you guys using an American website created because of capitalism is funny","amusement"
">majority I see Well yeah, I doubt many would complain for the legit ones ","confusion"
"I wonder so too hehe :D","amusement"
"if they that lame then disprove them mate.","disapproval"
"You tried your best, and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.","caring"
"Just a suggestion.","neutral"
"I live in Shanghai and order directly from a plantation in Yunnan espresso roasts for home consumption. Absolutely fantastic.","admiration"
"Me too, I've heard before that I'm too blunt and I feel bad about it at times","approval"
"Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but... ","confusion"
"Holy shit that’s nothing","surprise"
"using the crying emoji is a sin against humanity, and you should be executed via the electric chair for doing so. ","disapproval"
"No worries. Just didn't see them. My bad.","remorse"
"Cheese *noun* 1. That cheese shit they put on pizza.","disapproval"
"That's some bitchy whore","anger"
"No idea what this means but the fact that you said sweetie lets me know that you’re probably really obnoxious or just being sarcastic","disapproval"
"I’m not much into either, but I have my share of stupid desires. I really want more mermaid tails.","desire"
"Sir, this would not be worth watching if he left out the best part.","disappointment"
"But beat the warriors Celtics and rockets. Pistons love messing with our emotions","caring"
"I came here once accidentally, saw your commend and now, 2 weeks later, I totally understand. ","neutral"
"I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness","love"
"> You're not in a Greek tragedy How sure are you of this?","neutral"
"The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.","admiration"
"Bring a cat with you so when they try to attack, throw the cat at them. ","neutral"
"found it already but thank you","gratitude"
"Playing pig so you can tbag survivors.","neutral"
"I'm slightly ashamed to say I thought that was what the title implied too. Glad that's not the case","embarrassment"
"Lol my comment started all this again","amusement"
"oh right that was a huge leap my bad","disappointment"
"OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already","neutral"
"You look like [NAME] from firefly :)","admiration"
"Mayday mayday, I've been hit. The bot got me","neutral"
">They split up 5 years later after an extremely messy situation with Dr [NAME]. Very very long story. I would like to hear this story","curiosity"
"He looks so young, always thought he was older than me.","admiration"
"Narcissism combined with pure idiocy leads to statements like those.","annoyance"
"It is. It’s so bad. Then I start blaming myself for liking them. It’s like I have no control over this.","disappointment"
"I feel cheated! Lol","amusement"
"*The Panic Virus* by [NAME] is a really interesting, well-researched book about the rise of the anti-vax movement.","neutral"
"I usually say 8.5, cuz there's a good chunk of 9 that's really good but some REALLY bad","approval"
"Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.","fear"
"That's really interesting.","admiration"
"He sounds exactly like my type of dude looks wise, but woof. Nobody wants to be around someone that unstable. Glad you made it out alive.","admiration"
"ahh sweet man seems like i have more luck at night like 6 and after","neutral"
"Dumb people. Poor person. The wolf was the only one who wanted to help!","anger"
"I missed this too. Why did they split?","confusion"
"Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion","annoyance"
"I was always the first presenter or two. Felt better just to get it out of the way and relax instead of stressing for a few days longer.","relief"
"Could be worse. At least he's not the guy who wrote the Witcher books LOL.","disgust"
"Fierljeppen heck!","anger"
"I had 3 last night 🙈 this rant was after glass #1","neutral"
"Finally gamers are being recognised as a valid gender by the State.","approval"
"Nobody will ever dethrone nurses and teachers, but hotel employees are quietly becoming some of the weirdest people in my Tinder matches.","annoyance"
"I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft","neutral"
"Come to Louisiana! Gas stations have single 16oz’s on ice and we have drive through daiquiris.","neutral"
"Yep. No more lead on the roofs.","neutral"
"correct. [NAME] was our 3rd round pick. Hand lookin like the steal of the draft","approval"
"As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would ","love"
"Wait...what?","neutral"
"Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.","annoyance"
"Ok this is phrased quite extremely, but respectively not many people watch lgbt stuff, like even the lgbt people watch more non lgbt stuff than lgbt stuff","admiration"
"I have no idea what that means.","confusion"
"Being misunderstood really is the worst thing ever! I’m sorry some people are so unkind.","caring"
"Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors","annoyance"
"Lafc fan lurking our sub... lol typical plastics.","amusement"
"I've wanted this for so long.","desire"
"Pretty sure he's a NAVY SEAL IN THE TOP OF HIS CLASS!","approval"
"hmm today i will listen to death and destruction","optimism"
"and...?","curiosity"
"We sign [NAME] we are oing to the playoffs(barring injury) don't sign him, and that's a question mark(even without any injuries) ","neutral"
"What if [NAME] shows up? I heard he loves Mexican food.","neutral"
"Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.","admiration"
"I am just afraid the Pistons front office, specifically [NAME] overvalues [NAME] and says no to this.","disapproval"
"Why hasn't he been made GM yet???","anger"
"A man of fine taste!","admiration"
"This thing going to be a boon doggle. The last thing NJ needs is another mall.","neutral"
"Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.","optimism"
"Comedy gold if you are the only one.","neutral"
"And those offences are not Criminal Code offences. Criminal Code offences require it be established "beyond a reasonable doubt" that an accused actually committed the offence.","disapproval"
"It's ridiculous people blind fellow faith here in algeria","disgust"
"Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.","approval"
"Was he rejected because of his methodology or because of the content of his studies?","confusion"
"Tell that to korea","neutral"
"You laugh at them. Openly. For being childish and naive. If they don’t react to facts maybe they’ll react to wounded pride.","optimism"
"And you assume they are part of the dominant culture because of the color of their skin. That is self evident racism.","neutral"
"Thank you. I guess im just finding it weird how she lost interest. Ill definitely be taking your advice","gratitude"
"No, it means you have a problem with homophobia and paranoia. A big one. No pun intended.","disapproval"
"Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.","disapproval"
"This is one of the dumbest things I’ve read on reddit this year.","disapproval"
"redemption island? I'm not judging if you like it just curious","curiosity"
"And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.","disapproval"
"The thing I keep thinking is that there must be some pretty daming evidence against him to actually charge him.","neutral"
"You're far too sweet haha","admiration"
"Right. I am more focused on the length of the relationship vs their age.","curiosity"
"No you said communism is a more extreme form of socialism.","neutral"
"Ummm mdma or x would never make someone this violent. She was under the influence of something cut with meth","disappointment"
"This might be the most NYC fit I've ever seen.","surprise"
"Bird box challenge....","neutral"
"Doesn’t even fit the sub either","disapproval"
"How is it the worst though? Me and my friends all use it and love it (since 2016)","approval"
"It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.","admiration"
"That's awesome to hear :)","admiration"
"Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.","neutral"
"You really really summed that up. Perfectly actually.","approval"
"It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.","sadness"
"Is this Hawaii? I had such a feeling this was Maui when I saw it.","confusion"
"I have a sudden urge to delete my reddit account","neutral"
"I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.","admiration"
"The USA welfare spend is quite low per gdp compared to first world countries. The safety nets are ridiculous or nonexistant and the inequality is ridiculous...","anger"
"I knew this was a Shitpost before I clicked it. Is this an INTJ thing btw?","surprise"
"Omfg. I haven’t seen this one before, and I’m in tears! Thank you! ","amusement"
"That’s crazy! Really bizarre. Is she off reddit too? I did notice fewer posts.","confusion"
"I laughed. But I'm really not sure if I should upvote.","confusion"
"The leaders are quite ignorant, and so are the rural areas, but the urban areas are filled with intelligent people","admiration"
"Is that at Beachtown?","curiosity"
"Still an ad hominem and not a legitimate argument or counterpoint :)","anger"
"It's not much, but it's honest work.","approval"
"I enjoy therapy...everyone's different I guess...I don't think there really is any other alternative....sexual abuse need professional help.","caring"
"Me, joining in everyone in the room saying it when she appears....","surprise"
"Never seen this. Thank you for sharing","gratitude"
"If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.","disgust"
"Need turtle for the 3peat squad It’s crazy they were 1 team and now they are 5 :( I hope all of them can make playoffs","joy"
"Eat, Pray, Jamal","neutral"
"That’s a sweet hoodie","admiration"
"oh my [NAME]","disappointment"
"I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.","love"
"Seeking, not expecting","disapproval"
"This thread is loaded. Never seen so many coins exchanged at once :) it's nice to see friendly internet interactions.","neutral"
"Perfect. Thanks!","gratitude"
"I can't wait to see what us skilled workers get. Thanks government for telling businesses how to run and wrangle unskilled workers with no ambition.","excitement"
"[NAME] is my life!","love"
"Oh really. Go ahead and try to reason with an [RELIGION] government that their power should be limited. Good luck.","optimism"
"I thought archer was like the machine from person of interest. An AI that watches everything and stops crime in some way or deters it.","approval"
"I think people feel the need to "catch up" to guildmates so they can do end game content together","neutral"
"I had the volume so loud and it came out of nowhere. It felt like those meme videos with the morning.","approval"
"I never gave you approval?","disapproval"
"[NAME] went form 4-12 to 11-5 when he switched teams. Coaching success does not necessarily regress with age. Athletic ability does. That's the difference.","realization"
"I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.","neutral"
"No problem! Glad to help.","caring"
"I'm allergic to the red food dye too, a lot of foods have it in there. it sucks because I adore Swedish Fish candies.","admiration"
"Very wholesome!","caring"
"Haha love it!","love"
"Well dang. Seems like there’s no tried and true method then.","neutral"
"It looks a little like my 5th grade science experiment...","neutral"
"Watching this hurts my head","annoyance"
"Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today ","joy"
"Aww a homophone on top of everything else. No wonder you carry a gun. You’re a coward who’s afraid of the world.","fear"
"😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.","approval"
"Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.","annoyance"
"I love /r/LazyMan","love"
"That doesn’t sound right, but I don’t know enough about stars to dispute it.","disgust"
"Quoth the [NAME], "I didn't do it!"","disapproval"
"I killed. Last thing I want is to [NAME] don't trust [NAME] anymore, as he will always remember that he could have saved [NAME]","neutral"
"You can’t say that that’s racist!!!!!!","anger"
"I always compared him to [NAME].","desire"
">implying Packers fans have ever fucked anything besides their siblings","neutral"
"This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.","neutral"
"Damn Blake is on fire today","joy"
"Thanks for the reply. Why'd you delete the sad sack comment?","curiosity"
"Pretty cool.","admiration"
"Ah, fair enough.","neutral"
"This is beautiful!","admiration"
"“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*","annoyance"
"i didn't knew your toe can get that flat without breaking the nail in thousand of pieces","realization"
"This is my favourite comment of the day. So because I don't like to be ripped off I should not be able to have a family?","disappointment"
"I wish I could too.","desire"
"I didn’t know I’m sorry","disapproval"
"We’re not upset. We’re disgusted. You’re disgusting.","disapproval"
"I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy","disappointment"
"Kids are playing fortnite. I have a few hundred hours played of the latest COD on PC and have encountered maybe one kid on comms.","neutral"
"Now you're appropriating the Bullingdon Club's culture.","neutral"
"[NAME] is the gift we all deserve","neutral"
"Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok","caring"
"A run??????!!!!","neutral"
"I enjoyed the effort from your dad so I must downvote but I want the subreddit to see this so I’ll upvote","joy"
"That was a joke? And a joke you've been waiting to use for 10+ years?","curiosity"
"HAHHAHA thats good","admiration"
"Actually, fascism is considered a far-right ideology. Most tenets of fascism are incompatible with Marxist ideology, just fyi.","neutral"
"*"Wow"*","surprise"
"Cause his value is at the lowest now.. If he does improve and score goals for Monaco, he'll be sold in the summer. ","optimism"
"[NAME] has been listening to this sub.","realization"
"Here a great example of what adrenaline from fear and panic make an animal do.","realization"
"Congrats! Enjoy a free slice, I think you know what to do with this 🍕","joy"
"His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.","approval"
"Girlfriend weak as well, that jump was pathetic.","sadness"
"Funny, no. Unsurprising, yes.","excitement"
"No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.","approval"
"doh, i think i lost mine. ","annoyance"
"That’s what they said when the provincial election for Ontario happened too Then [NAME] begged on tv, that low life. Good luck! ","optimism"
"TIL the Recession, Great Depression, Colonialism, War on Drugs etc. were created by socialists. ","anger"
"Sarcasm :)","neutral"
"If everyone liked exactly the same thing, there would be a few very worn out girls and billions of lonely, horny guys","optimism"
"[NAME] was pretty rude to the maintenance guy too, but what a comeback he had for [NAME]!","neutral"
"His wrists are too small ☹️","sadness"
"If it’s so in demands why are you posting that you can only get unpaid internships","neutral"
"He dresses that way in real life...perfect","neutral"
"Found the militant long time Southwest employee? ...and if not, I am constantly amazed at what random people will get mad about these days.","curiosity"
"i know this isn't a private corporation and only the government so no real reason to be that concerned.","neutral"
"Good luck. :)","optimism"
"I wish this was me.. To have lots of friends.. *Sad dragon noises*","neutral"
"Yep, this is all I needed. See you guys later, Ima go jump off a cliff","approval"
"So that means the Vikings are the Purple Cobras...","anger"
"So she knows of 3 languages, Wonder what they are?","surprise"
"I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.","fear"
"Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.","admiration"
"#""Haha so relatable omg so me""","gratitude"
"Or had the plan for a while and put 25 bucks away each cheque for a bit for this plan.","neutral"
"I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.","gratitude"
"Why would they stop there with like 15 feet of visibility? It clearly isn’t just the truck drivers fault","neutral"
"You don't get it, do you? There has already been a 51% attack attempt at BCH and the attackers lost. ","curiosity"
"I'm sensitive! :'(","neutral"
"The only time you're personal behavior should be on the governments radar is when it becomes harmful to others.","neutral"
"Have a great safe driving record, save up to buy stuff, and meet people face to face to talk to them.","approval"
"Oh? Why'd it reply here not the comment? Did i mess something up?","confusion"
"That's not really true, people judge all the time, it's just that they're usually too busy judging themselves to judge you too. ","neutral"
"A too little too late comeback in the 4th. Where have I seen this before","neutral"
"I thought this was a diary that I wrote in my notebook! I'm almost exactly the same!","neutral"
"I’d like to know too. How lucky am I that my first ever relationship was with a pwBPD. sigh","optimism"
"A waste of money to you is not a waste of money for everyone.","annoyance"
"[NAME] was our second best hitter, [NAME] was the best","admiration"
"You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.","anger"
"What I figured but needed some clarification. Thanks!","approval"
"Oh, it's thor","surprise"
"I know! I'd buy this for my unit my coworkers would love it 😂","love"
"i used to work in that area. my god, what a complete & total sh*thole - and even then, there are worse places","disgust"
"She got exactly what she wanted.","admiration"
"No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!","anger"
"[NAME] [NAME] If she doesn't scare you No evil thing will…","neutral"
"Ask if they can send your mother a thank you note so she knows that you did not accept her "gift."","neutral"
"Ah! I couldn’t remember his name!","neutral"
"Yea... I'll have to pass on the carpool with a username like that","neutral"
"Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :) ","joy"
""[NAME] has been consistently good against okc" big faxxx [NAME]","joy"
"You described my life!!","gratitude"
"Thank you so much for sharing this... really opened my mind.","gratitude"
"[NAME] is showing unusual restraint at the sight of a defenseless woman.","curiosity"
"You’ll know it’s true love when he proposals you after 5 days.","caring"
"Somewhere in Ohiooooooooo*","neutral"
"Yes, that is correct. I knew what you meant though:)","approval"
"The table actually hit her in the back of the thighs, breaking her fall in the process. She was probably fine long-term","neutral"
"Yes.","approval"
"Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.","curiosity"
"We're a community, like it or not. This came from us and we need to hold eachother to a higher standard of behavior.","approval"
"But we did get an awesome transit line from downtown to the airport, plus most of the Olympic facilities existed before the games.","admiration"
"Honesty!! Rare","surprise"
"Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D","anger"
"Instinct and Intellect are opposites, never said they were the same","disapproval"
"...do you know who owns the Metro? E: It's wholey owned by the Daily Mail Group","neutral"
"That's what I thought too man","neutral"
""Look, let's just be civil about this. At least no one was hurt. I think"","approval"
"Not your chair, not your problem. That's what I say.","disapproval"
"Thank you, I’ll send them to her the next time we talk","gratitude"
"A shitpost crosspost","neutral"
"She wouldn't have done it if there weren't direct beneficial components to doing so.","approval"
"If you stick a pinky in your butt it activates the hippo camping with us part of your brain.","neutral"
"So I'll just hide behind my newspaper then.","neutral"
"Happy late birthday :) I hope you got to spend it with someone/doing something that makes you feel happy and whole.","optimism"
"you should definitely negotiate and ask. you have nothing to lose by asking. good luck!","gratitude"
"Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.","pride"
"*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too","approval"
"Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.","admiration"
"actually OP’s account","neutral"
"Definitely not Mom’s favorite.","disappointment"
"[NAME] not calling anything so far. Means they will call everything second half. It’s inevitable.","neutral"
"That's pretty gross. Unlucky OP.","disappointment"
"Bye, [NAME].","neutral"
"> The defunct club still sit third in the overall NI league roll of honour despite not having competed for 70 years. Wow","neutral"
"I’m clueless unless someone tells me straight up that they’re into me. But this may just be me","confusion"
"You got me on that one - I did just check and you're right, we didn't actually talk about that particular subject matter. My bad.","neutral"
"You obviously have never seen those creepy videos with 10m+ views with kids. And those Elsagate videos.","neutral"
"Honestly wouldnt be bad if they just removed the handle","approval"
"Loved it. Can't wait to see more.","excitement"
"I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.","caring"
"Hope you will beat this crap and achieve your full potential man. Best of luck for you :)","optimism"
"PM me if you need more info. Good luck! Its tough haha","admiration"
"[NAME] rescued me as well. I also had a couple weeks of [NAME] saving my ass.","neutral"
"Wow! Congratulations on taking your sex life back! Nice to wake up and see such positivity.","admiration"
"Embiid not getting the ball in the 4th quarter is called the Jimmy Butler effect.","neutral"
"Which is why I'm glad he turn around as he did. xD Still is both scary and funny if you look at it from a different light","joy"
"[NAME], this really is stunning","excitement"
"FYI pumps are now covered under the ACA/Obamacare with most plans. Thanks, [NAME]!","gratitude"
"Couples call each other insane and crazy from time to time. It doesn’t mean they actually think they are.","realization"
"Silver is actually not bad in terms of people playing good comps... its when you get to low gold and high gold that keep me liking silver lmao.","amusement"
"Genoa likes [NAME]","neutral"
"Haha yeah actually they don't feel that good but life does involve sacrifice.","neutral"
"They cut a majority of the core coffees which makes my job harder as I'm in charge of the passports.","neutral"
"Aww now I can’t listen to falling down","disapproval"
"lol... always someone to whine and complain. I guess the other countries on the Top 5 are perfect, eh? ","disapproval"
"Cant wait to start working my placement around that area!","disapproval"
"So your dad abused you because of your mum and you still keep in contact with him","embarrassment"
"You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.","admiration"
"[NAME] IS ABOUT TO BLOW THIS GAME UP! Edit: wow thanks for the silver","gratitude"
"Stafford Starford Starlord OMG!!!","surprise"
"Could Unity not sue the author for giving instructions on how to illegally obtain their product?","disapproval"
"Good job that you don't, then.","approval"
"That brilliant and so true!!!","gratitude"
"Very succinct and accurate","neutral"
"i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.","joy"
"[NAME], [NAME]; these people have familes.","neutral"
"oh, so he is insane?","curiosity"
"I do actually, everytime I buy vegetable or sunflower oil I get that massive plastic jug thing that the supermarket sells its only like £2.50/£3.50 depending where you go","neutral"
"I'd love to do that one day","love"
"Unfortunately for [NAME], when [NAME] meet her on the battlefield, his machete will not hesitate. ","disappointment"
"[NAME], I’d like to buy a letter A...","desire"
"figured it out","realization"
"Nobody should keep any around that is this ass-cracked to oblivion.","disapproval"
"Wow [NAME] hasn't been seen yet, can't wait for him to get no1","excitement"
"Actually surprised it's still going. It was fairly fun from what I remember, albeit a bit rough around the edges.","realization"
"OP got woodshed lmao","neutral"
"It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎","approval"
"[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.","disapproval"
"I have no idea if this is sarcasm...","amusement"
"[NAME] will be proud of people who share links from conspiracy websites in order to “defend” him. Hahahahaha","neutral"
"Okay then. Please remind me again why the lack of support is death threats in my PMs.","neutral"
"Haha penis.","amusement"
"May [NAME] bless your effort and raise your rank in Jannah. And may he bring relief to the [NAME] and all those suffering in the umma Ameen Ameen Ameen","caring"
"Yup, lost a whole train station inside of their houses. Great loss ","sadness"
"The real problem are all the people on the ground saying the same thing to the guy holding the sign...","sadness"
"You need to stop focusing on him and focus on you and your daughter.","neutral"
"So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.","love"
"That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?","sadness"
"~~macri gato~~ Also, nice to see Buthan there","joy"
"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a way and a time that works for you, you deserve to be yourself!","caring"
"I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips","fear"
"Last year was also the first time we drafted a lineman before round three since [NAME], so I think the earlier look at linemen was needed haha","amusement"
"My 35kg ball of quivering nerves, which I am currently wearing like a tea cosy, would like to register an objection. ","disapproval"
"I hate my life","sadness"
"My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.","fear"
"My seven year old usually wants to change behind closed doors and her decision is respected","desire"
"Invite him over to play! A game on the switch...cause well, in our lifestyle that could mean something different","neutral"
"That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2","surprise"
"Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough","optimism"
"Uhhh I want someone to do this for me!","anger"
"You’re a kind soul who deserves a pair of $250 coach sunglasses","admiration"
"[NAME] YES!!!","neutral"
"Are there free vaccines for adults? I thought it was just kids and the elderly?","curiosity"
"Does that caption say [NAME] and [NAME] are planning to move to Austin....? Dear [NAME] PLEASE no we already have [NAME]!","confusion"
"oh no [NAME] wud is u doing","confusion"
"Oh no! Poor dude!","disappointment"
"sorry, i phrased that wrong. i meant that as a asexual, i get that a lot","disapproval"
"CIA and MIC are now controlled by women. And nothing will change. Progress!","optimism"
"I’m not waiting for help, I’m constantly trying to fix it myself but it would be nice if [NAME] help came","pride"
"Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.","love"
"That is one cute baby. I don’t think all babies are cute either. But this is a really cute baby.","admiration"
"Oh you hunt deer, I’m white I hunt n words","neutral"
"Thank you for being the voice of reason in here while people keep screaming about the Vatican's thousand-year old wall.","gratitude"
"Thanks [NAME]!","gratitude"
"It's a great article. She nailed it.","admiration"
"Thanks mrs—mr [NAME]","gratitude"
"Irrelevant what is deserved, as if that's objective. The only thing that matters are the facts and they don't support a move like this.","disapproval"
"> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.","remorse"
"I second that. A broader mobilization and awareness would go a long way.","approval"
"Then do lemon tek....trip last 3-4 hours but is very potent","neutral"
"Ok what deal would you like to see made?","curiosity"
"I'm not a pats fan but the ones that [NAME] and [NAME] post on their IGs are actually pretty cool","admiration"
"It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!","approval"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaand... *BOOP*","anger"
"You know he was too distracted by "boobies" on his teen wife to care about the realistic possible outcomes of rushing into marriage with a teen. ","desire"
"Best post ever","admiration"
"Oh no [NAME] bb what is you doin?","neutral"
"Talk about a fucking hot take. Quality shit posting from [NAME] (not you [NAME]).","annoyance"
"Her comments are disgusting. Reminds me of my mother. I'm so sorry.","neutral"
"hell yeh dude","annoyance"
"Severally normal people. He stopped supporting these people once the facts came out","neutral"
"Yes. (That's the back side of the Palace hotel.)","neutral"
"Ok. Believe what you want. Have fun starving to death.","anger"
"Not saying it should be beyond mockery, just that it has been beaten to death and been made into a way bigger issue than it actually is.","disappointment"
"I had to click to see :)","neutral"
"18-21 age range and it was a little over 2 years long","neutral"
"Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.","love"
"That’s not what I said, but ok. ","neutral"
"Oh my heck, thanks so much for correcting me. 😆","gratitude"
"Hahaha was this the guy, OP?","curiosity"
"My kids graduated college two years ago. Guess I missed it?","curiosity"
"Hail [NAME]!","neutral"
"I don’t know what that means, please explain","annoyance"
"I'm a little sad that there's not actually a video called Dance of the Hillary, virus or not.","sadness"
"It’s grandmas house. His house is a tip","neutral"
"Oh wow, hate that. ","anger"
"Shes thicc... gigiddy","admiration"
"I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha","amusement"
"Oh god [NAME], stick to your day job whatever that is.","neutral"
"I know. My question was if they **used** to compete in T5-TTT2.","neutral"
"Group hug to you and our fellow redditors :)","love"
"We play some sexy football at times","love"
"This is so gross","disapproval"
"Has anyone ever told you that you look like a young and skinny [NAME]?","neutral"
"Keep on going","admiration"
"The owners posted the name of their two dogs on the page before and Cumlord isn’t his actual name, its just the page.","approval"
"My partner told them subtly no thank you. They won't let go.","neutral"
"Yea he messed around with a 33 year old man dating a 14 year old children. Alabama is one of the main stream media lies.","surprise"
"He just have to beat em. I only have him @ 5 because he just got there & I don't really count the horn/Benavidez fight.","neutral"
"So now you’ve been given several answers.","embarrassment"
"Well dayum that was cool.","admiration"
"That’s what I ended up doing lol","neutral"
"Obviously you are! Femboys are always the cutest ~~people~~ furs to meet","neutral"
"Same company probably makes bacon for Walmart and Kroger. Im guessing they're not the only ones","neutral"
"Are we still taking people who say "globalists" seriously? these people should be tarred and feathered and mocked at every turn","anger"
"Non-stop fun.","amusement"
"It's so simple. Problem solved.","approval"
"Hahah. I wish I could say that’ll get less painful with time but it won’t. Sorry my dude. F","amusement"
"Can we get a Chargers coach for [NAME]. They always seem to coach up their players in that position.","neutral"
"Hello fellow Newcastle vegans! We are very lucky to have so many vegan places!","approval"
"A long term relationship with pizza? Wow talk about accurate!","confusion"
"He wasn't chosen for me... He was chosen *for you*. I may have said too much...","neutral"
"FUCKKNG PLEASE 🙏🙏🙏","anger"
"Yeaaahhh... *blushes*","joy"
"I also take the pill continuously for endometriosis. I will never go back. I love those pills.","admiration"
"They don't want to waste the script they used for [NAME] campaign. Because that was such a rousing success.","neutral"
"This is why I have trust issues","anger"
"That would be greatly appreciated.","gratitude"
"You look like [NAME].","gratitude"
"No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.","love"
"He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!","neutral"
"i was just feeling it okay i knew it wouldn’t blow up!!!","approval"
"What's your point? All these comments are from people who clearly had not seen it before. Only a couple said they had.","neutral"
"I was searching my local craigslist! It says nationwide though- so love after lockup for everyone!!!!!","joy"
"Biting the hand that feeds them","annoyance"
"They don’t like him, so he is divisive. It’s projection.","neutral"
"People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.","anger"
">it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy","fear"
"I like turtles.","joy"
"Is this worth watching? It comes off like its glorifying the guy and kinda puffy.","curiosity"
"Four score and seven years ago, we and a jewel......","neutral"
"I have the same issue. Except I'm a dude. Talking about my face. One likes me scruffy, the other baby smoothe","neutral"
"Thank you for the explanation! 🦈","gratitude"
"Haha, I had this on my clipboard already when I came across your comment.","annoyance"
"I remember trying to use [NAME] back in the first NFL Street game, literately the only QB shower than [NAME].","realization"
"I haven’t seen a good repost in a while. Thank OP I’m mean karma whore","gratitude"
"Didn’t locals cry bloody murder about that and get it rejected? I hope the state tell them to pound sand and do it anyway.","optimism"
"It's a shame you're sticking up for a dictator who orders the beating and shooting of protesters in the street.","anger"
"He looks like he is GTFO after that. "The tiger shark is second only to the great white in recorded fatal attacks on humans.[7]" ","neutral"
"Ah from what I understood you could barely read the biggest line on the chart. I thought this was a general statement.","realization"
"She sounds hideous.","disgust"
"Well im sorry that the truth doesnt clear up suspicion but who am i to judge ¯_(ツ)_/¯","annoyance"
"If he saw it as something regrettable and possibly embarrassing, and has grown, eh. We all have something embarrassing in our past.","embarrassment"
"The world is a big place, there’s always someone.","optimism"
"That's a shame. Well good luck","caring"
"sorry my fellow youngsters, we're illiterate.","neutral"
"Thanks for sharing, it really sucks that people would do this. I barely slept last night because I was so frustrated with the situation.","gratitude"
"And I clapped. So hard.","neutral"
"You shot my hair....","sadness"
"😵 when 😤 mommy 🤨 gets 👀 the 🤔 🅱️endies 😫 just 🔥🔥🔥 right 👌","neutral"
"I like him 1.thats why I agree to go on a 2nd and 3rd date, 2. we text a lot. I just take things slow.","neutral"
"[NAME], the "launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]" one made me lose it.","neutral"
"Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me","fear"
"lmao I love this, I love speaking nonsense to myself as well","love"
"But you’re so so loved! Please find some to talk to! I hope you can overcome this sad part of life.","love"
"Hahahahaha I love this idea. I’m totally doing this!","amusement"
"Because I've lost control of my life.","disappointment"
"Dont keep your mouth shut.","neutral"
"Looks f*cking delicious","gratitude"
"[NAME] is the most useless phantom thief change my mind","anger"
"I like it...but I still wish it was another new grump episode. I know I'm spoiled but I totally miss 2 a days.","disapproval"
"Interesting, but I can't imagine it will be there long until someone steals or destroys it.","curiosity"
"Uh, you do know there's another hole right next door, right?","neutral"
"Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.","optimism"
"o7 o7 o7 o7 I couldn't donate sadly","disappointment"
"I need someone one step on my long tail real hard right about now.","neutral"
"its here! nice","admiration"
"I said "try." Red wine is a thing for a reason","neutral"
"Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.","nervousness"
"Yeah, so many accidents occur because people don’t know what to do in the event of loss of tire grip.","disappointment"
"“What is it, [NAME]?”","neutral"
"Congratulations on your sobriety! A years worth of sobriety might be why the rum is gone 😉 I appreciate the suggestion.","admiration"
"I mean it would be borderline targeting in college football. It was a really egregious missed call.","disgust"
"Yes she does! She is beautiful but has taken it much too far with the lip fillers and fake tan","approval"
"I know right! I was mad and then blamed myself cause he’s scared of thunder and there was a storm while I was gone.","realization"
"Ugh, [NAME]. Gross. ","disgust"
"Roast you? The fires of Mount Doom already did that for you, you [NAME] looking ass. ","disgust"
"I was wondering if that would be spotted. It is from the movie Split. saw the image on Reddit and immediately thought of lions.","neutral"
"I keep telling you, I just grow sorghum here. ","neutral"
"2weeks ago?","neutral"
"No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.","disapproval"
"Imagine one day you found a comment that was rated exactly as it should be.","neutral"
"It's a troll. Look at the history.","annoyance"
"Apparently measles are worse for adults, ironically due to stronger immune systems.","neutral"
"Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG","amusement"
"i’m so proud of you!! good job dude!! :)","admiration"
"That's a great start! Amazing. I congratulate you on your self awareness. Some hugs if you want them","admiration"
"Thanks, I'll resubmit","gratitude"
"Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear","fear"
"That's sad. I'm 16 and where I am there are loads of athiests my age. It's great.","admiration"
"That is patently false, considering his history of driving multiple businesses into the ground.","disapproval"
"So many inaccuracies here.....","disapproval"
"Not gonna lie... thought it was wrapped coke when I didn’t see the subreddit name or read the title","neutral"
"Seriously. The only thing that gave it away was no spelling errors.","neutral"
"Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!","confusion"
"It's a difficult one really, because some customers would probably be offended if he said "your husband or wife". ","neutral"
"Aw thank you! Glad you enjoyed it :)","gratitude"
"Oh, I've thought about it... a lot, but I just couldnt do that. Even though he really deserves it!","annoyance"
"Even if I would get 100 bucks for downloading and playing I wouldn't touch this crap piece of forced romance with baby inside.","neutral"
"Someone off screen threw one back at him I would assume","neutral"
"Scars do not fade after 2 weeks. Its gonna take a few months. I've got some nasty scars too girl I feel your pain","disapproval"
"This is full of bullshit","anger"
"Thank you! Yeah, I can see that. I'm just posting old work of mine, some of the resolution isn't that great- apologies!","admiration"
"No, he's fine. It doesnt compact","neutral"
"For me, the only thing that makes it cringe is [NAME] covering his mouth","neutral"
"No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.","amusement"
"I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.","remorse"
"Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.","annoyance"
"I'm gonna think of a jojo reference for every situation, just you wait reddit. Just you wait...","approval"
"I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.","disapproval"
"Keep it too the one thread please, you're already not keeping up .","disapproval"
"I would like that.","love"
"haha thats an option","amusement"
"This is so sad. #playdespacito","sadness"
"My dad was on 20+ narcotics for over 20 years. Now he just smokes pot and I've never seen him happier","excitement"
"Glad we aren't all like you , the world would have sucked","annoyance"
"This, in top of my already terrible mental health, is the reason why I'm severely underweight and need help.","neutral"
"Honestly not mad at that lineup at all. Let's make it happen VH1!","annoyance"
"Divide and conquer my friend. "X's news is stupid and Y's is better". Hello, they are owned by the same people.","annoyance"
"Are you actually serious? I'm really interested in the details lol","approval"
"Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.","caring"
"I tried to send this to a friend but [NAME] knocked it away.","surprise"
"Kid looks like he's about to cry","sadness"
"WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?","admiration"
"[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.","disappointment"
"Oh. My. [NAME].","neutral"
"Somebody's obnoxious.","annoyance"
"Actually I got mine right when they were getting banned","neutral"
"I did nazi that coming!","realization"
"Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*","neutral"
"Train with water. Resisting the urge to gulp which closes your throat is the key.","neutral"
"Trains were literally travelling the wrong direction that day","neutral"
"If you don't know how/where to find a source for that you clearly aren't very well read on the subject.","confusion"
"Every time I see telomeres yknow who I think of?","confusion"
"Can't tell if sarcasm, or an irrelevant statement, but thanks, first thing to see venturing into reddit at 00:15, actually nice :o","gratitude"
"apparently since you won't do it","neutral"
"It looks kind of like pen to me... Which would also make her skin so red.","joy"
"*[NAME] intensifies*","neutral"
"What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.","disgust"
"What's up with all the gloating.","curiosity"
"Hurr durr! Just take a shower and lift bro!","neutral"
"you're being lenient","neutral"
"but what about my insecurities.","curiosity"
"You get a lot more freedom and free time. College is a blast","admiration"
"Why the fuck would I post something on r/niceguys and pretend to be the woman talking shit about myself?","anger"
"could be, I have a distant aunt that's like 6 foot (we're kashmiri-punjabi).","optimism"
"i love [NAME]. itd be incredible to see her","joy"
"California Adventure has beer so I'm fuckin living the dream.","excitement"
"Don’t shove your “self control” in my face","neutral"
"You live in Appalachia, don’t you?","neutral"
"Yup, I'm sick with a mild cold","nervousness"
"Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover ","neutral"
"I don’t know but I think they at least have foil inside, I remember seeing you could hack one into an antenna.","neutral"
"She night have a work permit that’s good for a year. Those usually arrive “earlier” than the green card.","optimism"
"Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though","realization"
"...I just encountered this on Facebook and your title was my response. Did we just become best friends?","confusion"
""they can't come through the port" He's obviously never seen The Wire","neutral"
"It took a surprisingly long time for this to be seen by me on this sub.","approval"
"Thank you! Much appreciated, as promised.","gratitude"
"I'm with you. I'd love for my nex to read what I post. It probably wouldn't matter because she has zero self-awareness.","caring"
"Nice, but everyone deserves the best.","approval"
"People who attack vigilantes.","neutral"
"Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!","admiration"
"Just look at the picture","excitement"
"Then please post the story here. I don’t go to links I don’t know. 😐","confusion"
"I feel bad for my kids who will never get to see [NAME] play... [NAME] on the other hand...","sadness"
"I don’t know how to link but if you search within this page there was a whole thread on it","confusion"
"The fried baloney is amazing.","admiration"
"Without fail saying "moist panties" makes every woman cringe.","neutral"
"The only way to truly be yourself is to bare it all for the world to see.","caring"
"Lol hows that different then [NAME]","curiosity"
"This is yummy. I hope mods dont remove it","optimism"
"If we can’t even score on the power play pulling the goalie made no sense","approval"
"Via chat. I sent a photo to confirm that she really wanted it.","neutral"
"You're gonna die tomorrow.","neutral"
"His sister likes his Cox","neutral"
"Locked it in chastity","neutral"
"Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.","approval"
"Is it bad that I would actually probably buy that? Those come in handy for defrosting windows.","neutral"
"I just hate the "I don't know" people","disapproval"
"Eastern suburbs, the mullet never went out of fashion.","neutral"
"Glad it was helpful!","gratitude"
"Now if you could only get people to listen to sane advice like this.","neutral"
"Lets not forget that the Bay Area is the epicenter of the tech boom/revolution, and that will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future.","approval"
"Thank you so much for this link, watching [NAME] was an absolute delight! ","admiration"
"LEATHAL PAPERCUT BRINGING THE BANTZ","neutral"
"If you look back it is odd that most violent murderers have all eaten taco bell at some point.","relief"
"Any AI controlled streak should just be banned from day 1, regardless of game. The fact that the pros haven't GAd them all blows my mind.","approval"
"Mmm I dunno about that 😊 but thank you","gratitude"
"The opposite of depression isnt happiness, its vitality.","confusion"
"I want my Thick Blood feat to actually say “F*CK YOU” every time I deny a Peacekeeper their bleed damage.","fear"
"True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not. ","optimism"
"These posts must make people want to be security guards.","optimism"
"Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope","optimism"
"Please no, I have a family!!!","fear"
"ahhh yes, that post from 2 years ago with 39 upvotes, remember it like it was yesterday. ","approval"
"Right now it's >you're dead ***or else completely reliant on maybe getting help via violent redistribution***. You only think that's better because of your fetish.","neutral"
"yes and I'm glad that this nonsense stops with me","approval"
"Just a heads up that’s not what neoliberalism is.","disapproval"
"Man I'm glad that the caption told me this was hilarious... I might not have know otherwise.","amusement"
"My point was that there is no good vote here. This is legislative battle over wall funding and any given vote makes sense only in that context.","neutral"
"The only thing I know is that none of us don't know anything","disapproval"
"It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.","annoyance"
"WE JUST GOT [NAME] QB Coach)","neutral"
"If second panel said Socialists, third panel would be something like "Death panel has determined your life not valuable enough to save"","optimism"
"Thank you so much. This is really valuable information!","gratitude"
"Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is "almost no one". Bloody hell mate. ","anger"
"You serious?","confusion"
"Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.","annoyance"
"It was. I accept that, and it taught me a valuable lesson.","approval"
"[NAME] forbid PETA gives vegan alternatives for a holiday many vegans celebrate with their loved ones","neutral"
"[NAME] is an awesome film school...not surprised this came from Dodge","approval"
"*police proceed to slide down hill* *I quickly jump in police cruiser, as friend holds bumper*","fear"
"2 years down the road (that is, now) every Uber driver complaining about how they re exploited and blackmailed and can't make ends meet.","disappointment"
"We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.","desire"
"Imagine my shock... but he does seem very representative of the left.","neutral"
"And it's posts like this why HotS is in the position it is. Blind to any form of criticism.","excitement"
"[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me. ","neutral"
"i would feel really uneasy knowing i can never visit other countries, i think i would rather have the 50K","neutral"
"Spoiler >!Loli Girl about to grow up in 2 episodes!<","neutral"
"That's even cheaper than I had figured.. there's still the "to you" bit... OP needs to post an Amazon wishlist.","joy"
"Reminds me of the Shell Gas Station Lego set my grandfather got me as a kid. 10/10 would build again","love"
"These are the kinds of dudes that gillette ad is talking about.","approval"
"This one is solid. OP's joke is piss.","disgust"
"Proud of you.","admiration"
"We will fam. Enjoy [NAME]. hes a great kid and has a crazy high ceiling","admiration"
"i still remember by my first dodger game in 2001","neutral"
"i wish i could wear what she's wearing! * _ * Sooooo beautiful!","admiration"
"And then they got shot down","neutral"
"Great Photo. Really showcases what most outsiders expect when they come to Nashville for a show!","admiration"
"Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country","neutral"
"Omg this is too good.","joy"
"Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct. ","disappointment"
"Maybe or my reptilian DNA hasn't manifested yet","desire"
"Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k","sadness"
"Like protesting for higher minimum wages and better benefits for worker? Yeah, we protest for the opposite in Canada.","confusion"
"Fair point, [NAME] actually does not know the definition of a good mother, to her affection and spoiling is being a mother.","neutral"
"From red deer as well. Don't worry not all of us are ignorant and hateful.","approval"
"There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man","disapproval"
""And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."","admiration"
"I don't understand what he's asking nor do I understand to who it's aimed at. someone explain pls","neutral"
"I'm very confused by this comment. I'd do it for $2500/mo.","confusion"
"This is what that kid in kindergarten who always had juice stains around his mouth and was probably named [NAME] grew up to be.","neutral"
"I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team","joy"
"Lol, I’m so sorry for u. Do u go down on her a lot? If so she need to give something too...","curiosity"
"Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.","excitement"
"That's [NAME] for ya'","neutral"
"What the actual fuck?","annoyance"
"If you were charged it is most likely due to poor articulacy/communication skills","neutral"
"[NAME] i really hate entitled people. Upvote if you think that EPs are worse than Antivaxxers.","anger"
"I love how he bends down with his head in the 'loaded' guillotine to screw off the end cap.","neutral"
"No scratch. Weird. It's almost like she just popped her pimples and smeared the blood. 🤔","neutral"
"This looks unnaturally fake","disapproval"
"It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason","disappointment"
"I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.","confusion"
"Congrats and be well. Peace and tranquility to you. !","gratitude"
"I will tell my NP he may have inspired pancakes in someone's future :)","optimism"
"When did you apply for this? The new AFI was published Oct of 2018. Have you already PCSed from Korea?","curiosity"
"I'm team boneless. If it's not breaded to hell then you're getting more meat for your money.","neutral"
"I always fall for this joke on here..","neutral"
"Apparently a 3 year extension for DACA is what's on offer. No pathway to citizenship. That's gonna be a "fuck no" from me, dog. ","annoyance"
"You seem worried, [NAME].","curiosity"
"No. Just no.","neutral"
"I don't want PR to vote because they'll vote blue. I want them to vote because they deserve the right to have representation.","admiration"
"That’s not what I mean Him being a snack is just well","approval"
"It’s irreversible, we’ve started something bigger than we know.","surprise"
"No that began a long time ago... under the sea...","admiration"
"Sounds like you had a much rougher night than me. You win this round","neutral"
"Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.","love"
"It'll definitely show our hand which means we will have to pay up to trade up high enough that we are sure we get Haskins.","neutral"
"Idk how tf he was able to play on pot and booze that sounds hard af to do","confusion"
"His left hand is mightily fucked.","neutral"
"I did this first try but then the next time I played I was ducking hollering","neutral"
"Does anyone notice how his voice always changes when he’s trying to be cute and charming.","curiosity"
"So just for the record, I’m with you on the football end: Love the Broncs, hate the Pats. 🏈","anger"
"Wow did we marry the same guy. My STBX left the state for 3 months with no contact with his child.","excitement"
"I will be surprised if this actually has an impact. Just a few statements about the importance of the commitment to defeat ISIS and the withdrawal will continue.","surprise"
"BY [NAME] THAT'S [NAME] MUSIC!","neutral"
"53 months?? That is insane, must've been a different type of octopus then the one I was learning about. ","curiosity"
"I don't reveal my sources. Gotta keep my journalistic integrity.","admiration"
"That sounds terrifying. I hope you and the little one are OK.","fear"
"It's rigor mortis but don't change it haha it's funny, good r/boneappletea material","amusement"
"I’d be cautious about making such an assumption is mine","caring"
"I seen reactions to this elsewhere and DAM famales are some sensitive fucers, you see something online and your whole life fall apart like 🙂🖥️😢😭😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭","neutral"
"I pulled over at a Walmart on my way home from work to chat with all you beautiful faggots while I listen to the speech.","neutral"
"I appreciate the pointer. It definitely sounds like something I’m capable of. I’ll reach out to them.","admiration"
"Favourite month??!!","neutral"
"Oh jeez really? Now I just feel dumb. That must've been so much to clean up","neutral"
"TTs have size limits. The group I was acquainted with had, ahem, "leadership" problems as well.","disapproval"
"She’s way too gangly to be thrashing around - I was waiting for her to take out a light fixture.","neutral"
"Police aside, storms and high tides may make things a little tricky","fear"
"Wish they would’ve cancelled work when it was -40 last week but I guess that’s somewhat expected in Canada.","neutral"
"I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years","love"
"That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... "Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."","approval"
"Your an idiot and trying to justify your ignorance.","neutral"
"I can't imagine it's going to be easy to come to the realization that your parents murdered your brother.","approval"
"Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.","anger"
"That’s what I was thinking.","neutral"
"Okay I kind of misread that as “be with him”, but my point still stands.","disapproval"
"No offense taken","neutral"
"Sloppy ball handling and feels like there’s a lid on the bucket. Just not our day","approval"
"Is there any attempt to use non-tainted symbol and to steer a non-hateful discourse in order to represent their pride?","pride"
"I bet the people who migrated here legally some time ago would love to see the problems they fled from follow them back here!","neutral"
"It's just a sexy hamburgler cosplay","admiration"
"already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.","disappointment"
"*Sweats in robot","neutral"
"Fighting childhood obesity, one babysitter at a pretty pointlessly narrow definition of harassment that includes criticism.","neutral"
"Are we not going to discuss the fact that his head is forming from the top of his ear","neutral"
"Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.","love"
"Not my account. I do not own the [NAME] account on Youtube. Pretending I do is silly.","disapproval"
"Good news. Makes me feel BCH is way underpriced and has a huge upside.","excitement"
"[NAME] is on fire!!!","surprise"
"She’s BFFs with [NAME].","neutral"
"Honesty!! Rare","neutral"
"As bad in what ways? The rest of who? Other politicians?","neutral"
"The essay is optional.","neutral"
"Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit","anger"
"Funny, no. Unsurprising, yes.","joy"
"VOLCEL POLICE!","surprise"
"Like wtf how is that angle 114 degrees","curiosity"
"Breaking news- Man having fun at party is mocked by basement dwelling redditor.","neutral"
"You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.","disappointment"
"The EU's 'red lines' are in treaty and legislation. The UK's red lines are just May's opinions, they could disappear in two minutes.","sadness"
"I think I’ve been poisoned by my constituents!","realization"
"A day later that banana I told you I ate? It's now turned into **poop** since I absorbed all the goodies from it.","neutral"
"Oh man. I feel so bad for her, but am morbidly curious at the same time. Got more pics? ","curiosity"
"+1 the only way","neutral"
"Trinity: Ru: >THIS IS THE TOP LEVEL DRAG YOURE DOING IT HERE RIGHT NOW","neutral"
"I remember a countdown for when the [NAME] twins turned 18 too. Thought it was pretty gross.","neutral"
"I have a sudden urge to delete my reddit account","disapproval"
"ah dang sorry. in that case idk.","remorse"
"Iowa side is better! Lol","neutral"
"Mate I was buying porn mags from my local coop at 12, I don't see why trading standards makes such a fuss over a lotto ticket","disappointment"
"What a funny story.","neutral"
"WHAT THE HELL!","anger"
"Friend: hey, did you watch the Superbowl? Me: I don't really follow golf.","neutral"
"I would think preschoolers would be better at shitting than with sharing","disapproval"
"No, the best thing is to do cool stuff with care. That's what science is. You don't learn if you don't do stuff.","neutral"
"He drives to the basket like [NAME] used to. And can shoot the 3. And he's super clutch. Love the dude","admiration"
"Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level","excitement"
"Funny enough, not all [NAME] are celebrities.","joy"
"Hey buddy might wanna take it easy!","amusement"
"And in adult spaces in general. Let adults have things to themselves, damn it","annoyance"
"Walmart is a special kind of hell.","annoyance"
"Thats so cool man. Have you tried dmt","admiration"
"Only when I started to suspect I was shadow banned, so like a couple days ago. Apart from that no.","love"
"What’s the issue with [NAME]? I think he’s been good off the bench this season .","neutral"
"Ohhh I didn't catch that :P","disappointment"
"Old news in Canada.","neutral"
"This is his worst season since his rookie year","disgust"
"That song was epic live","admiration"
"[NAME] hilarious","amusement"
"president [NAME], what should we do? shut. down. everything!","annoyance"
"And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.","anger"
"Sure, let's kill a guy with a buck on his horse because that's how it was in the old west. Smh","anger"
"Dan cool and rich","neutral"
"I didn't know they made phone calls ...","neutral"
"At least it was to her mom and not her dad.","neutral"
"I try and test my beliefs all the time, makes them stronger!","approval"
"[NAME] has had this problem forever. Hopefully she fixes it, because it gets old and is a relationship killer ","optimism"
"I looked closely, his left ankle does not get run over. it just lands behind the very last tire. very lucky.","neutral"
"I do not, sorry! I am not talented in the ways of making/editing videos.","disapproval"
"And the fact that the reason he was sitting on my","neutral"
"would love to see a win here","love"
"She's one among 435 members of the House. You're giving her an awful lot more authority than she actually has.","disgust"
"Honestly man just keep scuttling instead of changing","gratitude"
"Since they only do 6 a year now I would rather it be somone more exciting and surprising","desire"
"HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!","annoyance"
"I thought this was going to be a fierce, competitive game... how wrong I was.","curiosity"
"I said I'm full, sir. That means no desert either. No one likes a pushy waiter.","neutral"
"Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...","realization"
"Dirty Southern Wankers","disgust"
"> When did I ever mention native genocide? How do you think the land was "stolen"? The residents were killed.","anger"
"Your "other people" comment was.","neutral"
"Hey everybody we got us an optimist here.","approval"
"Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun","amusement"
"Upvoted because [NAME] is a good boi and can’t help it, but tbh it makes me sad to see him struggle like that..!","sadness"
"Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.","fear"
"I haven't killed one yet, but I did kill someone that had a carcass. I think I got $3 at the butcher.","neutral"
"Was [NAME] ranking revealed today? had him in the 90’s IIRC.","neutral"
"Wow, thanks! Now i am rich again!","gratitude"
"Fuck [NAME] for blocking funding for this for years and years. So glad it's being used to help people now","admiration"
"I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability","surprise"
"Write down the problems and how you feel when and after you have them. Then take that to therapy and actually get vulnerable with your therapist.","caring"
"I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.","anger"
"It's a shame they have [NAME] because a Vuc package would be ideal","embarrassment"
"When and where did you go to basic, I never once even saw dessert in the dfac when I went thru","confusion"
"May he rest easy, as for future officers to carry on his legacy, never forget his sacrifice.","optimism"
"Yes! A 1000 times","neutral"
"Sorry, sometimes I really can't tell in here. ","remorse"
"We have one, a daughter, and she is 8. She believes in [NAME], but she really loves science and asking hard questions :)","admiration"
"if you need to ask here with all due respect your the last person that should be on it.","approval"
"Technically, that time passed a very long time ago. She might not have much of an option anymore. ","neutral"
"[NAME] was one of the only good things in that season","admiration"
"Why so may downvotes?","neutral"
"You welcome guys","neutral"
"Because his reconnaissance is not unique in any way. Literally everyone who saw that movie thought that was surprising.","surprise"
"They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.","annoyance"
"He'd have to ask his mom","neutral"
"I like gorgeous men with huge lovely penis","admiration"
"I’m downvoting because it seems like r/iamverysmart material.","disapproval"
"My arms only seem small because my love handles are so big","neutral"
"No, I'm saying they are equally critical.","realization"
"Yeah, empathy, a hell of a drug ;)","approval"
"my god quit getting blocked","annoyance"
"Not at all. It's great of course for financial reasons, but it then makes me worried about how much time she'll have for a relationship.","admiration"
"Ok, thats my thinking too. If [NAME] really only gets 180 anyone who didn't make that deal (like us) is pretty dang foolish.","disapproval"
"Oh no.","disappointment"
"Just be her friend. Don’t try to have sex with her.","annoyance"
"Isn't he still in contention for the Miami HC job? And if not, Dallas would block it.","neutral"
"> It's ironic. CTH is econ-left, not SJ-left Tell it to the ones brigading other groups.","neutral"
"Condolences. Take comfort in your cats and breathe. Consider a grief counselor.","neutral"
"This is the cutest! Wearing your heart on your sleeve so to speak.","love"
"Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are","annoyance"
"In my experience I've also noticed his friends and got ditched by my girlfriend.","approval"
"Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you","gratitude"
"Honestly this would fall significantly more in their capabilities of being witnesses from an Orthodox standard TBH","pride"
"Plus like why would they go for the head? You’d have to break both of his legs to stop [NAME].","annoyance"
"Really I like the new fatalities","excitement"
"Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.","disapproval"
"And then in a weird twist her family tries him for murder. Haha!","disgust"
"Ok guys I'll watch it. When I finish it I'll tell y'all what I think","approval"
"i mean, yeah tbh.","neutral"
"Oh forgive us for trying to make an exciting atmosphere at our homecourt.","excitement"
"They were saying the other guy who revelead this was lying! I knew it was true. Mods are gonna delete this post dude they are censoring.","neutral"
"Apparently she was doing the "gasping fish face thing" with a face full of mud when the cops arrived.","neutral"
"Sorry you’re not allowed to be a Vikings fan anymore then","disapproval"
"I thought [NAME] was dope. Never understood the hate for it","confusion"
"I thought we had a rule against incel content?","confusion"
"Yeah I've heard that every store is very different. I'm sorry to hear you don't like your current situation. :(","sadness"
"Bipolar symptoms tend to be very fun and exciting, but they can also be very bad and harmful. She should get some help.","annoyance"
"To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.","neutral"
"I've heard how hard it is to get into nursing programs, congratulations!","gratitude"
"Not to mention even if it was called and due, the WBC have said they would be happy with a unification first. ","neutral"
"It actually depends. Do you have PCOS? Because if you do, then that would explain the change as well. ","neutral"
"When Sub-Zero is revealed to have red accents, we will officially have a problem.","annoyance"
"If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.","remorse"
"This post should demonstrate that it already has become one of those subs. Disingenuousness is rampant here","neutral"
"What was I expecting smh","neutral"
"Whoa, should've said that in the post. Threats is not good. I'd find a way to live away from him asap. ","fear"
"in your next post you will lament the evil of poverty socialism is a mental disorder","approval"
"They have THE BEST tortillas too. Made right in front of you. Mmmmmm!","admiration"
"You know they just blamed the neighbor who defended themself.","disappointment"
"Fair enough, but in most countries, still illegal. Also highly unethical. Then again none of you give a damn about ethics.","neutral"
"People have gotten shot with legal means while breaking into someone's home, sued the home owner and won. ","neutral"
"For real. I can understand holding the enemy in a useless area, but people gotta keep their eye on the ball.","approval"
"All good man haha","amusement"
"It’s indicating his uncles death wasn’t a accident and he died for a specific reason such as conspiracy","grief"
"I’m glad you had a great time here! Wishing you safe travels!","joy"
"Thank yous in the form of hand gestures you carrot cake","gratitude"
"I will always have faith in [NAME], he can be a factor even if his shot is not falling.","optimism"
"Damn, that was dirty.","disgust"
"And [NAME] solid one-word sentences","neutral"
"She is married to a banker and I posted about her views that any trump fan would love","neutral"
"Thank you, it's pretty helpful.","caring"
"New flavour! I love it!","excitement"
"Oh shit, that makes a lot of sense, thanks for dumbing it down!","annoyance"
"It was an edit friend - they are the same kid. No children were hurt in the making of this gif.","pride"
"Hope you feel better soon. Probably won't happen, but good feeelings sent your way.","approval"
"Lived in multiple cities across the UK, never seen a bus service as consistent, cheap and generally amazing as Edinburghs.","admiration"
"Is this a mood?","curiosity"
"Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::","neutral"
"That is the plan.","admiration"
"can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(","sadness"
"Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack","surprise"
"and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf","joy"
"I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.","admiration"
"Doing [NAME] work.","approval"
"People back then just might have had a bad memory and kept forgetting about it.","fear"
"this is one of the few quality ones posted","neutral"
"Give it time. Pain like that needs to heal just like open wounds. I really hope that you will eventually start to feel better.","neutral"
"Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte","neutral"
"I would absolutely hate it if they used it in the games tbh","anger"
"It is definitely not a coincidence that he used women to represent both political sides.","disapproval"
"I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!","approval"
"It was the other way around. The actors started dating after spending so much time filming together this season.","neutral"
"...what?","neutral"
"Show them your hymen","neutral"
"I’m sorta okay with the chicken but the sauce part is downright chaotic","neutral"
"U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh","admiration"
"I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!","neutral"
"YES!!!!","excitement"
"1. Why is it impossible to not read this in [NAME] voice? 2. Why does it get in my head so [NAME] damn often?","curiosity"
"Yes, it does.","approval"
"Was she prepared to throw the gun?","curiosity"
"Change of top, pump, inner tubes, puncture repair kit & tyre levers, balaclava, lube. ","neutral"
"But there's supposed to be only one survivor, and they win the million dollar prize!","surprise"
"Maybe that’s what boogie was trying to say!","realization"
"But he seemed really enthusiastic! And he was wearing really expensive boots!","excitement"
"He dunked all the time with us. Loved the reverse two hand slam","neutral"
"It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.","pride"
"Fine as long as the experience is not frustrating. Problem is not balance problem is it’s not fun","neutral"
"Oh no you didn’t just quote tlc...👍🏼","disapproval"
"5% more people identifying as liberal than conservative, 4.3% more people supporting the tax rates. [NAME] activated","neutral"
"There is an actual subreddit for cheating. It's disgusting.","disgust"
"Yes! What the hell is it with ikea? My husband and I don’t go together anymore.","anger"
"Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.","disapproval"
"I was there yesterday. <3","admiration"
"A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.","sadness"
"I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not","amusement"
"Idk some dudes think a girl needs an ass full of cellulite to be considered thick.","neutral"
"We need to end the nonsense of objectivity in teaching. Students need to hear how educated adults think.","anger"
"I wouldn't be caught outside after sunset anywhere in this city.","neutral"
"Go exercise together. Eat healthy. Drink plenty of water. Time.","caring"
">The only way change will happen is when the national media actually focuses on them. Precisely what a protest is aimed at engendering.","neutral"
"I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.","annoyance"
"If this is a medical situation the analogy still applies 🙄","approval"
"Red, Green, Blue. It's like a Christmas tree Edit: lol","amusement"
"She wasn’t seeking asylum in Thailand though, she was just trying to pass through to Australia, where she already had a visa iirc. ","disapproval"
"Well that didn't take long, sorry for your loss :(","approval"
"/u/DongPhuongDriver, your time to shine!","optimism"
"It's so freaky. I'm a 40 something and the stock photos and really odd taglines are just baffling to me.","disapproval"
"What a cutie!","admiration"
"Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod","joy"
"Because unlike [NAME] this guy hasn’t done anything controversial","caring"
"Man, I'm 13 and still took my time because the entire volume enclosed. And the heart is from rick and morty copy pasta.","neutral"
"Let me guess, are you [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Yeah, I probably should’ve gone ahead and looked that up beforehand. But the issue remains the same, even at that price.","neutral"
"Oh trust me I'm aware haha.","admiration"
"Could you explain what you mean by "both sides" crap?","neutral"
"Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.","pride"
"I like it","love"
"this comment made me very nervous","nervousness"
"I mean, the whole point of this sub is to complain about not having a plate ...","disappointment"
"Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.","neutral"
"That was the most boring movie I’ve ever seen","disappointment"
"Great write up, you’ve sold me on Munchak being a good hire.","admiration"
"Facts and logic don't care about your feelings, antivax ***LIBTARD***","disapproval"
"Damn, he sold all out for that kick","anger"
"It took me a moment but it was unexpected and got a laugh","amusement"
"That's not a healthy way of thinking. Obviously that dude was troubled and, without proper help, he would have done these things regardless.","disappointment"
"Eh my doctor isn't a GP. She knows her shit.","approval"
"thanks for clarifying, you put me into cardiac arrest for a moment","gratitude"
"Shut up why do you even care about what people choose to do with their bodies lol move on and keep living your miserable and ignorant existence.","caring"
"I can't believe the guy is still hanging around.","neutral"
"Brave would be the movie you’re looking for","admiration"
"Hey guys don't freak out but Widow has a POISON MINE, ikr I never knew it existed. I was too busy missing body shots.","neutral"
"I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.","optimism"
"That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.","amusement"
"I've seen that profile picture before..this guy is a repeat offender","neutral"
"Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad","approval"
"I am stunned","surprise"
"And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.","optimism"
"The Get Shorty show when he subs in for the guy at the table reading and destroys everybody with his skills is so good.","admiration"
"No one drinks Old Style","approval"
"I like it...but I still wish it was another new grump episode. I know I'm spoiled but I totally miss 2 a days.","realization"
"I just said okay then moved on Edit: he's really naive about all this because he's like 13 But validating af","anger"
"I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.","neutral"
"Heh, U.S. only has a partial government right now :/","neutral"
"It’s beautiful. I think I need to move. 😊","admiration"
"He can have his opinion, but he doesn't have to state when *no one* asked.","anger"
"Just as easy to blame the other side. Maybe they should all sit down like grown ups","approval"
"31? Congrats on the wizard powers, at least. What spells did you learn?","curiosity"
"[NAME] FIRED.","anger"
"That was the best time to be Black in LA","admiration"
"Found the douchebag","neutral"
"Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.","admiration"
"Easy breezy beautiful cover girl","admiration"
"We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.","annoyance"
"She needs new non-enabling friends.","neutral"
"YES! And have some fun guests to dish with.","approval"
"If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else","excitement"
"Do they have rankings beyond the top 9? It'd be great to see what type of talent would be available in rounds 3, 4 etc.","neutral"
"That's the weirdest dream I've heard of, but maybe you just have a high midichlorian count 😂","neutral"
"You should re-think the credibility of whoever told you otherwise. Seems snarky to me.","annoyance"
"Please provide some receipts! I believe you and can totally see this happening!","joy"
"Good bot.","approval"
"The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.","confusion"
"Now remember, if something goes wrong, let's not get the law involved, one hand washes the other. Oh, that reminds me. ","disappointment"
"Big OUCHIE!","nervousness"
"J - You'll L - Never M - See it K - COMING ! - !","neutral"
"“40 lbs of fat” yeah 40 lbs of fat and a shit load of plastic surgery maybe","neutral"
"There's too much focus on "our side Vs their side" and things just seem to be getting worse","annoyance"
"Lol! Believe me I get it! Hell, even 11:00 might be pushing it ;-)","optimism"
"Venezuela has uniquely terrible oil.","surprise"
"i think people are just getting more and more fed up with playing against him","neutral"
"Pretty poor shots mostly. Couple of great saves from [NAME] though.","neutral"
"Happy to see that you're in recovery","excitement"
"Imagine bragging about a “your mum” joke","amusement"
"Nah, girl, you did great. I'm also shocked by guys who want to hook up without a condom.","admiration"
"extra hot on whipped drinks? excuse me? i don’t want to burn my tongue on my CDL. extra hot on sauce-based beverages.","disapproval"
"He is going to hate 2019...","neutral"
"No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.","disapproval"
"No we're not? Y'know the capsule bug happened on every server and not the ones which fit your narrative","neutral"
"Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss","joy"
"FUCKING RIGHT COLIN WHITE AND OF COURSE MARK STONE","annoyance"
"I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.","gratitude"
"[NAME] sub, dolphins sub, and [NAME] subs are having a field day right now lol same old jets","neutral"
"Ah to be a young teen again","excitement"
"OH MY GOD TIDYING UP WITH [NAME] IS ON NETFLIX RED ALERT IM GONNA GET SO ORGANIZED","admiration"
"What's your definition of a repeater?","curiosity"
"Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.","admiration"
"If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.","approval"
"Surprise, [RELIGION] article says [RELIGION] is wrong. Also, we don't worship the same [NAME]. They added [NAME], who is not [NAME].","surprise"
"She shows her face and doesn't hide behind fake names on Reddit .","admiration"
"Not a perfect game with the error","disapproval"
"(I tried to answer this in my below comment but I also just wanted to say I really love your username)","love"
"exactly my condition, mate ","approval"
"I think it could get pretty boring","optimism"
"Hmm okay, maybe I was just arriving at threads too early or something before they got cleaned up...","approval"
"o7 o7 o7 o7 I couldn't donate sadly","sadness"
"I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.","disappointment"
"You sound like you have a warped view of what makes someone strong and an overblown, distorted sense of your own masculinity. ","admiration"
"I'm so sorry. You can do this. Just remember YOU are a person who is worthy of love and respect.","admiration"
"[NAME]. Please, [NAME]. ","desire"
"I meant one sided comment. My bad","annoyance"
"That’s where they drop off Snake Plissken, so he can rescue our President [NAME]. AKA, Escape from San Francisco. ","caring"
"It sometimes works on yoda doing the same thing, hilarious seeing that wee dude fly ","neutral"
"I can feel his cheeks puffing out.","neutral"
"I always tried to go first if possible tbh. You're not gonna get away, might as get it over with quickly.","neutral"
"Shame on you","disappointment"
"This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.","annoyance"
"I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...","approval"
"They're both happy though","love"
"Ya? I don't really remember him much besides his crappy penalty shot attempt. What stuck out about him to you?","curiosity"
"/uj this looks fucking delicious","admiration"
"MeToo is about sharing personal stories of sexual assault. Reframing it as accusation based, and as furthering a kidnap, is fucking disgusting.","anger"
"Better a pseudopenis than a lot like the same thing.","neutral"
"Why does that matter?","confusion"
"Does anyone know if there's a place I can donate to help her two little kids?","neutral"
"You having a bad day man?","disappointment"
"Any league that creates a system that makes a kicker more valuable than WR/RB/QB is a league I don’t want to play in.","excitement"
"I’m so sorry. <3","remorse"
"So not a single MP wants Brexit to be canceled? You really believe that?","curiosity"
"Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.","anger"
"Drunk, with a kid in the back going 150mph? I’d like to see her charged with attempted manslaughter. ","curiosity"
"Don't attend. Don't engage. They want validation, don't give it to them.","caring"
"The usual suspects will all belive her to be a victim and pretend there is no reason she would lie.","realization"
"I love [NAME] but its been 1 year","love"
"I used to know a guy back in HS, and college. Every male in his family had been struck by lightning, except him.","disappointment"
"I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.","admiration"
"I wonder if truly might be work stress. He works long hours at a prestigious law firm. I need to five him more credit.","caring"
"Out of curiosity what line of work is he in?","curiosity"
"Just heard on the news that it’s reopening now. I’m assuming it was a little electrical fire so they evacuated everyone as a precaution","neutral"
"I think they're good optics. Or do you not think that being openly intolerant toward surveillance encourages others to be openly intolerant toward surveillance in turn?","admiration"
"Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.","caring"
"Thank you. It feels better knowing that this is not an unheard of thing.","gratitude"
"Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.","caring"
"Yeah that was his mistake","approval"
"This is the type of response I give people that are toxic in Rocket League. They're just fake and cowards lol","disgust"
"Made me chuckle.","amusement"
"[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.","caring"
"It happens way more than you think. People are repulsive.","annoyance"
"He was injured in real life, watch the news. He'll be back in ep 15 and fully recovered.","neutral"
"If you grow your beard and mustache just long enough, you never know who's hair it is in the your mouth anyway","neutral"
"The title of the post started playing this in my head","optimism"
"I have a feeling [NAME] wasn't innocent in that fight. Not that it's ok, but I instigated shit too. They are on drugs.","neutral"
"Damn. Alright.","approval"
"no wonder i never noticed because i skip the pilot everytime i restart the series","realization"
"Every morning!","neutral"
"Oh I found them 8D","approval"
"I was afraid of that .","fear"
"Walkerton for anyone who is curious about the actual real deaths under "chainsaw" [NAME] ","neutral"
"That’s what’s it’s called or what SHE’S called?🤣","curiosity"
"Intelligences? As foreseen unorganized by [NAME] himself? I also like nuglettes...","excitement"
"No it’s not, I can give you multiple examples of cops getting physically assaulted and not even using their guns. Stop lying.","anger"
"She was cheating on you *during* the wedding? That's impressive.","annoyance"
"And what do you think the most important issues are? This one seems fairly fucking important.","confusion"
"Not really the same, but we're the most vulnerable type to be on the spectrum. That explains why autists often appear as savants.","disapproval"
"Wonderfully said!","admiration"
"Wait, they banned his mother from travelling too? ","confusion"
">!I mean he did give himself a weird new arm...!<","neutral"
"They're the same people who will tell you 600 a day is unhealthy","annoyance"
"She must have turned 25 recently","neutral"
"I swear y’all will spin it anyway to make it seem like nylander is doing everything correctly lmao","neutral"
"I got you. Here's to something incredible and explosive happening soon.","approval"
"If it remains free at point of use and the level of service doesn't decrease then what's the problem?","confusion"
"shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him","embarrassment"
"Therapy NOW! Who hurt you? First of all, i'm very sorry that happened to you but you are loved...","curiosity"
"Thanks man 🙏🏽","gratitude"
"What about urban [NAME] supporters who are socially liberal and want to see tax dollars used efficiently?","annoyance"
"You conveniently ignored my response to this naivety when you said it before.","neutral"
"i’m kind of overdunked actually","caring"
"Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well. ","disapproval"
"Be glad you don't know the answer.","neutral"
"[NAME] was good in "My Love from the Star".","admiration"
"No way! First I’m hearing about this","confusion"
"I don't think a [NAME] would agree....","disapproval"
"This is uncomfortably lame","disgust"
"This explains the recent uptick in bots.","realization"
"❤️ you are a strong individual and there is an amazing amount of support behind you","admiration"
"Thank you! Happy New Year, hopefully it's a good one","gratitude"
"Bet you don't even get £400, you probably only started this thread for some attention ","disapproval"
"Thank you. Edit: I have cancer now","gratitude"
"Whether it was an actual bite or not, Subban is getting on my nerves this game","neutral"
"Also, the Detroit Police Underwater Recovery Team is a thing that I want to learn more about...","neutral"
"awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!","neutral"
"They're absolutely relaxing in this 3rd quarter, 7 points in 5 minutes so far...","relief"
"Mine were huge. I wasn't comfortable until I had them reduced. Now they're awesome.","admiration"
"I didn't realise there was only one car on the road?","realization"
"The reductionism is the only thing these feeble minds comprehend.","neutral"
"Now someone mod danganronpa 2 so everytime [NAME] says hope its actually "AHHH HAHA! Thats hot!"","neutral"
"Two are close friends of mine one of which has not been higher since October to December 2016.","neutral"
"I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol","amusement"
"Introversion is an actual personality trait though.","neutral"
"Once I saw the LV logo I then realized I’m not rich enough to even watch that video.","realization"
"Oh this is a brilliant idea!","admiration"
"I believe [NAME] only has control over if the speech is held inside the House of Representatives, not if it will be held in some other place.","disappointment"
"I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]","love"
"This is Reddit. These idiots don’t read articles, let alone one from *The Atlantic*.","disapproval"
"with these comments i thought this was r/vegan for a sec lmao","amusement"
"the ancap ideology has spread to birds now. Our numbers grow stronger every day😂","approval"
"Just for the sake of accuracy, is there a citation for this quotation. It is spicy, but I can’t bother to check right now.","realization"
"He's ancient. If elected, he'll be 79 in 2020. I like him but that worries me. ","approval"
"Ah so that's what it is. Here I was thinking it was douchebags cutting cords off appliances so no one could reuse them","disappointment"
"Alleviate' meaning what? Make my working life suck less?","curiosity"
"12 year old self wouldn’t understand how I put a pint of ice cream back in the fridge. It should be finished.","neutral"
"I don't think that's how it works chief","realization"
"Pretty sure it’s a reference to Netflix’s “Bird Box” movie. In which case - brutal; I love it.","neutral"
"Comment [NAME].","neutral"
"Imagine being this petty.","neutral"
"Have faith.","neutral"
"> Without enough predators, **due to humans displacing them** Seems the focus of this comment is i the entirely wrong area.","disappointment"
"I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.","disapproval"
"yeah i am using the regular blue black deck. But is it really that bad.","remorse"
"Okay, I'll try to find one. Sorry about that.","remorse"
"I genuinely teared up when I heard it in the game","sadness"
"Contacted the hospital I was born at and I’m getting my birth certificate! Thanks for all the help this was a big step forward","excitement"
"Hi, [NAME]! I just wanted to stop by and wish you peace and happiness! -HappyFriendlyBot","gratitude"
"Hmmmmm. I'll have to go pay that sub a visit.","desire"
"Reality is often disappointing -TPUSA, probably ","disappointment"
"All true, but [NAME] only “retired” to get out of AZ. Now that he’s back looking for a job...","approval"
"[NAME] is such an iconic runway model 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻","neutral"
"Emotes have a ridiculous amount of effort put into them, which only makes the fact that nobody uses them sadder","neutral"
"My aunt lost a ton of weight by eating a huge bowl of lettuce with a very light dressing and tasty veggies.","neutral"
"That explains why she fattened up so quickly!","neutral"
"It's a bug, don't listen to the pets people. Everyone is just a little to excited.","anger"
"He is the best","admiration"
"I honestly predict a riot on the scale of the 2011 ones if we undergo a no-deal brexit - possibly even worse. It's terrifying.","fear"
"Thank you. I’ve been doing more research about today, there’s definitely a lot to consider.","gratitude"
"Why it got removed.","neutral"
"[NAME] wept.","neutral"
"No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy","approval"
"Let go or you will be dragged","neutral"
"Me too, I've heard before that I'm too blunt and I feel bad about it at times","sadness"
"I basically had no negative side effects. I did switch to IUD because I hated remembering to take a pill everyday. But no issues.","realization"
"[NAME]: "I'm a better mother and spend more time with [NAME] than most working women spend with kids." Talk about delusional.","caring"
"I’M HOT ALL THE TIME :( pre-pregnancy I was cold a lot. This is worse.","disapproval"
"Women can't do wrong you fucking mansplainer","annoyance"
"It’s not you. These subs are terrible. Even beautiful women get insulted on there ugh","sadness"
"[NAME] and [NAME] going on a bike tour is awesome IDK why I love it so much","love"
"I agree! I loved him as [NAME] and I wish the writing had been better. He's amazing.","admiration"
"The women-are-wonderful effect.","admiration"
"It was funny until they started to diss on chick fil a","joy"
"This sub needs a damn support group for people that were personally victimized by [NAME]","neutral"
"Get out now. She's playing mental games with you. Play nice but plan your exit. Ask me how I know.","neutral"
"So you can make funny sex jokes on iFunny, obviously.","amusement"
"We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you","caring"
"The Netflix documentary about [NAME] absolutely sucks. Don't waste your time.","anger"
"Try out ESEA brother it is way less toxic and almost no cheaters (as far as I noticed, played 240 faceit matches and that is hella toxic)","optimism"
"I beat my dad","neutral"
"I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know. ","admiration"
"> I firmly believe "[NAME] have problems, [NAME] ARE problems! Holy shit, stealing this. Love it.","neutral"
"Through a glass door","neutral"
"I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.","neutral"
"This is the most upbeat and pleasant I've ever seen someone whose been caught with multiple ounces of weed and ecstasy.","gratitude"
"Are you confessing to not being able to understand what this sub is about?","annoyance"
"just apologize. what other advice could you possibly require? you fucked up, now deal with it.","anger"
"Go twice a day, every day. Only way the bleeding stops. It blows.","neutral"
"Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.","surprise"
"So glad you got justice and closure. You can properly begin to heal now. I’m not sure I ever will get the same sadly","relief"
"Absolutely adore this","admiration"
"Folks are complaining about the new buses.","neutral"
"A big fat phony!!!","neutral"
"I appreciate this. If you hadn't done this I would have felt terrible all day","admiration"
"I’m not crying.. You’re crying!","caring"
""[NAME]..? Oh my GOD [NAME] is this Gears of War?!","surprise"
"Walkerton for anyone who is curious about the actual real deaths under "chainsaw" [NAME] ","neutral"
"For be just being a handsome guy works wonders.","pride"
"I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. ","admiration"
"Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(","neutral"
"I'm not sure if [NAME] is visiting the Podesta pizza party.","neutral"
"Gatling guns hurt so much it can be like instant death with no way to react","disapproval"
"You are right. Totally my bad.","approval"
"Thanks man. Thought that counts.","gratitude"
"I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx","optimism"
"Because they're having to compete and so we get exposed to the weakest of the bunch.","neutral"
"Satire? He asked hopefully, yet with deep pessimism in his heart.","neutral"
"Doesn’t exactly do much in a first past the post, two party system.","neutral"
"They're both made by [NAME], and they're both hilarious.","neutral"
"Because a bunch a boys r lookin","neutral"
"It was when oil prices were higher. It’s primary export is petrol and the market slumping is hurting","neutral"
"Moms overreact. Is funking your junk really that bad?","neutral"
"Probably when they fired their cartoonist a few months ago for having the wrong opinions.","disapproval"
"At what point do we consider arresting people who arm themselves in order to oppose legitimate, democratic decisions by force of arms? ","confusion"
"Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.","disappointment"
"We just got a ninja coffee machine. Don’t even need filters! It has little waste besides the coffee grounds. I love it.","love"
"Refs stink already.","neutral"
"> It leads to touching and doing inappropriate things with the opposite sex I prefer the same sex, so are these things not inappropriate for me?","neutral"
"I wonder if the paintings he did on Brooklyn 99 were actually his.","curiosity"
"Cali is getting rain this weekend so going to miss that","disappointment"
"Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.","curiosity"
"Yep. I’m an introvert with a big group of friends. I get tired even after spending just an hour with friends sometimes.","neutral"
"The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad","disappointment"
"Sorry This and [NAME] shot in game 5 of the 1990 finals are my all time favorite moments in basketball.","neutral"
"That fascist bigot!","anger"
"You should check out my comment at the bottom of this thread of why I somewhat support antifa. This comic is obviously fearmongering conservatives.","neutral"
"You’re crazy. The 2nd half adjustments that put them back in the game is why they belonged in the game.","approval"
"Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh. ","gratitude"
"Unless he has actually threatened to or used them against you I think you're over reacting. Ask him to please delete them.","annoyance"
"[NAME]?! [NAME]?! [NAME]?! What a minute, I have a call on the other line. [NAME]?!","neutral"
"Alright guys I got next on the repost","neutral"
"Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?","curiosity"
"To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun","amusement"
"Happy kek day","neutral"
"I HEARD SOMEONE SAID THE F WORD","neutral"
""...but then some guy on internet promised, yes promised, that [NAME] existed, and it turned my life around". Dude, come on...","neutral"
"That doesn’t help people in market though.","disapproval"
"Women are more neurotic.","neutral"
"Did you really upload a video you took, of your own cat, to whyweretheyfilming? Seriously?","curiosity"
"I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware","love"
"Eh, I find everything being dead a bit more gloomy than a few clouds.","grief"
"Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.","approval"
"Can we just go down there and propose a bill? Die the constitution not allow that? An if were not allowed doesnt that count as non representation?","confusion"
"It continually amazes me how many people don't understand this.","surprise"
"Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.","neutral"
"Waiting until Saturday or you test the method on someone sick.","optimism"
"They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better","neutral"
"Does he have to be so anal about his rep? At least he's (in)famous. *Awesome job, OP!*","disgust"
"[NAME] isn't likely to get traded. Out of the 4 he's the least likely.","disapproval"
">Emotions like this will get you killed. That is too bad, considering I was planning on living forever.","sadness"
"Downvoting comments you don't like is your right.","neutral"
"shaved definitely makes things more swampy for me. I need the hair to soak up the swamp","neutral"
"i was thinking about your art earlier today, and now i've been blessed with this on my feed","neutral"
"It could indeed apply to many gods from many different creations myths...which is his point. Everyone knows!","approval"
"How to delete spam: Learn how to punish sigs you fucking idiot","anger"
"But they were only contenting because they lucked into [NAME].","neutral"
"I’ll bet the Phillies owner had a beer with [NAME] high school baseball coach.","optimism"
"Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback","excitement"
"HE SHOOTS AND SCORES!!!!","neutral"
"It's not Russian land either. Your argument is still complete nonsense.","annoyance"
"Oh! Im also Chinese (Singaporean) and due to the laws here my boyfriend and i are looking to go elsewhere...","disappointment"
"[NAME] lines especially. They're all so good because originally [NAME] was going to play that character.","admiration"
"Hope you get “at are it again”","neutral"
"I love the vid, I just wish it was longer ;_;","desire"
"I like you","love"
"Any source on the college split the second time that outlines the stats? Interested to see.","curiosity"
"Life is precious? Then how come you shot [NAME], huh?","confusion"
"Oh, my [NAME] ","surprise"
"Which is bizarre because [NAME] actually dubbed those scenes back in the day, but they apparently never used them ever.","confusion"
"excuse me what. [NAME] played midfield pretty much the entire half of last season for Liverpool","admiration"
"Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.","disapproval"
"i remember that feeling.","neutral"
"You have nothing to lose by going to the police now. They may help with the restraining order, shelter, etc.","caring"
"Your “[NAME]” is a train wreck at social media. Only skill he’s shown so far","annoyance"
"They need to practice intuitive feeling and depression acceptance.","neutral"
"tfw you were part of the comment chain but doesn't get to be in the meme. *INSADTINENS*","neutral"
"Haters gonna hate that which they don't understand.","relief"
"uh, i don't see the correlation between tons of rape and murders in Georgia and the rich needing to be taxed more, but i do agree.","disgust"
"This kid is blatantly trolling and everyone is taking him seriously LMAO. You people should quit Salem your scum reading skills are horrible","amusement"
"Who spends the whole night there? One or two hours max and I’m done","annoyance"
"Pleasure!:)","gratitude"
"Tbh I think there are a lot of parts of chicago that are way shittier than memphis","neutral"
"This isnt an exaggeration? 🙄","curiosity"
"I do not want to dwell into an unfruitful discussion with a troll.","disapproval"
"Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain","approval"
"Technically, going 1 forward and five backwards is still a 4 step backward defecit so they are not moving forward ","realization"
"How is Canada going?","curiosity"
"[NAME], Big Bang Theory is terrible so glad it's going to be gone.","relief"
"Time is a great equalizer! So is death...but yeah let's not go there. We like things to stay alive!","approval"
"He's not wrong though.","remorse"
"I feel personally attacked on this one. We're good people... : (","admiration"
"Wow either [NAME] misspoke or I didn't hear correctly. I swear he said chainsaw, that is totally different from knife or cooking accident.","neutral"
"Lol u wot m8?","amusement"
"[NAME] has towed the line of the Dark Side. He wouldn't cross it by doing something like this.","annoyance"
"The incorrect number of O's has depressed me","disappointment"
"Did no one notice that it mentions Maryland in the title text, but goes on to talk about Massachusetts in the body text?","neutral"
"Lake inle is a beautiful place","admiration"
"True. I'm not from the US so i dont know how they would go about enforcing this law.","optimism"
"Completely off-topic but Ok I'm Officially Intrigued by Watchmen.","surprise"
"I like that!","love"
"Thermal shock has GOT to be some indie bands name","neutral"
"I believe he had just recently revived his learners permit and the kid ran a red light.","neutral"
"Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.","sadness"
"Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.","joy"
"Look at this [NAME].","neutral"
"Still better than YouTube rewind","admiration"
"Feel the energy! Amazing PK and two great goals!","admiration"
"That's awesome. I would never have expected the Prius community to be so involved.","surprise"
"Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.","embarrassment"
"Different personalities, I've always been like that with friends and family.","approval"
"Tell how your job goes if you do *not* do what your boss tells you to do.","neutral"
"Your opinion doesn't matter, the judge's does. Like I said, if you want better answers, then consult a family law attorney in your area.","caring"
"Is this Hawaii? I had such a feeling this was Maui when I saw it.","confusion"
"Lol do it.. then block him again","amusement"
"It's so sad","disappointment"
"How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant","realization"
"I feel the r/thathappened for more than half of the stories posted. But they're fun to read.","admiration"
"Poetic justice they get to the title game host Philly and BDN whips it out for them and shoves it down their throat. That would be epic.","neutral"
"That is really awesome you found something like that for him. Have a great time.","admiration"
"[NAME]? He doesn't steal it, and he acts like shep in me2. But yeah, the picture looks like [NAME], more than a femshep. ","neutral"
"He did get 3 stars bro😭","sadness"
"[NAME] was speaking as a man you idiots.","annoyance"
"I love you","love"
"I don't think that's how it works chief","disapproval"
"There is a reason youve never seen a cat and a narwahl in the same room","approval"
"Haha i have 2 chinchillas from a manic episode about 8 years ago. They're sweet little things.","admiration"
"Are you retarded?","confusion"
"Who's to say she'll pay for funerals? Why not just dig a mass grave and call it a day?","anger"
"Nah man presses, but good ones... the pharma kalmas are long gone bro, here in Australia anyway","admiration"
"Pretty sure it’s a reference to Netflix’s “Bird Box” movie. In which case - brutal; I love it.","approval"
"I live next door to this, and I was up late.... How did I not hear this?","neutral"
"Not really, more of a fence...","neutral"
"Really? Edit: Ah yea, I saw the original one. It still reminds me of Wind Maker.","joy"
"Google specific articles with figures and data for me, I'll wait.","neutral"
"i was expecting a kitty","desire"
"22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle ","anger"
"Fine, you're right, they should just have a random fascist activist.","approval"
">GTAV Eh GTA SA is like 10x better than V in terms of music, story, replayability, and characters.","neutral"
"You need help.","caring"
"Push me to the edge. All my friends are dead.","neutral"
"Go down there and save the world then mother [NAME].....","neutral"
"The house actually looks amazing, though the risk of haunting may not be worth the cheaper price!! ","admiration"
"That’s not a very humble opinion at all.","disappointment"
"I like [NAME] soo much! he’s such a sweet and honest person, and his voice is amazing","admiration"
"Fair enough.","neutral"
"I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.","disappointment"
"She's not curating her humor to your taste, alas.","amusement"
"He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.","surprise"
"Oh it's a well known phenomenon, unsure exactly what it is but I think it's a bit of princess syndrome with mental posho co morbidity. ","approval"
"You're right, that's a solid advice. I will give it some time and if I am unhappy I will start distancing myself. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Plant 3-0. UZ is just coming in without jabbing getting caught","neutral"
"Very cool of /[NAME] to host me for RPGs last night, and especially for stepping up to run a game on short notice. Thanks homie!","admiration"
"[NAME] explains why she was so close to her grandmother.","embarrassment"
"Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!","admiration"
"Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.","disappointment"
"Wow, now that you say that . Although, we do have [NAME], South Park, Family Guy and American Dad now. Mmmmm, [NAME] ","realization"
"That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though","embarrassment"
"Omg what the ever loving bloody hell did I just read?? As an artist, this was extra painful to me.","curiosity"
"i didnt call him an idiot. His fanboys are idiots that feel smart by hanging on to every word he says. He's definitely sexist tho","realization"
"I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic","admiration"
"Let's get things back on track! Happy new year!","excitement"
"Chogochujang is a fuckin drug. I've convinced myself that I'll take a bottle to wherever I travel in case the food doesnt fit my taste","annoyance"
"“hurrrr mumble crap sucks so much u cant understand what they saying wheres all the lyrical spiritual miracle individual biblical rhymes smh”","neutral"
"Crush. Big crush. Still have it.","neutral"
"Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.","disappointment"
"There's so many! Auntie [NAME] and Dame [NAME] are two of the best. But personally, the bass player from Spiderbait, [NAME].","neutral"
"You can't choose what genes you pass on.","neutral"
"I just /facepalmed myself into oblivion.","neutral"
"I can’t even count how many times I heard “you always have to be right”","neutral"
"Check out my mémés. (That word is from japanese pop culture right?)","curiosity"
"I noticed that too. How cute.","admiration"
"That's so horrible. I am so sorry that you had to endure that abuse. I hope that you have a bed that you love now.","desire"
"Honesty!! Rare","approval"
"Her absence is probably the greatest present she can give you. Enjoy it while you can.","admiration"
"I like it!","love"
"Love this!!!","joy"
"Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?","gratitude"
"Rated M 😂😂","neutral"
"Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.","anger"
"fat people want to be oppressed so badly. I guess it's because they need an excuse to emotionally eat.","neutral"
"Or it could have just never happened because nobody ever wanted to see it.","approval"
""You look a little older without your clothes on" - [NAME]","love"
"Hard agree it’s sooo creepy. I hope she’s ok that man had serial killer written all over him.","fear"
"That'd be amazing! Heard about Newington's reno not long ago. Need to get over there.","admiration"
"Interesting. I recognize way more of the 2019 names than I did from last year. Any hope that means I'm getting younger?!","approval"
"Tough scene for [NAME]","nervousness"
"I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light","embarrassment"
"Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/","annoyance"
"How was she able to start the adoption process without both you and BF consent plus signatures?","neutral"
"Or embalmed! Green burial is the best burial","admiration"
"Believe me if they were there I would go for it.","neutral"
"I wouldn't think any less of him than I already do.","neutral"
"I played a lot of WW2 ranked and had a tone of close games. And the point of ranked is for everyone to be around a 50/50 W/L","admiration"
"Do you boo boo. Live your best life","confusion"
"Also them dealing with mean and petty people especially in school","neutral"
"This is a pure salty thread. Congratulations, dear Sir/Madam.","gratitude"
"Try your luck with ranked. it you stick it out enough you'll get high enough to play with good players","optimism"
"Right before that he called [NAME] for getting barged in the back and nearly kicked in the face. Weird performance. Didn't change the result mind","disgust"
"Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.","disapproval"
"at 3:49","neutral"
"This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .","gratitude"
"Awesome - welcome aboard and tell your friends!","admiration"
"I like the sound of that, shes definitely a bitch what does chutzpah mean?","annoyance"
"I'm suprised I didn't see more of these. Thanks for the support :)","gratitude"
"Your repeated need to retreat into victimhood is a snooze.","neutral"
"You should definitely stop using to meet men!","neutral"
"That's kind of sad to be honest.","caring"
"What a garbage post","surprise"
"Ha at least you’re in on the joke.","amusement"
"Youve got a plant in me","neutral"
"BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.","disappointment"
"Tread carefully , my friend. So many red flags.","caring"
"Come on, at least give the man some eyebrows","neutral"
"Nope, from Nebraska why? Lmao","amusement"
"And [NAME] is the opposite.","neutral"
"Terfs smell like bigots in general. Sort of a salty smell","neutral"
"Congrats. But that’s a new level of oblivious. Sheesh.","gratitude"
"!delta I don't see why not","neutral"
"Riiiiight... your "friend"...","neutral"
"Wow I hope TSM keeps this new midlaner they picked up.","surprise"
"An admirable effort","admiration"
"We all love our childbrain president and all the wonderful things he’s doing for ~~white~~ American people.","admiration"
"Let's watch impractical jokers!","desire"
"damn it, you beat me to it.","annoyance"
"Surprisingly all of my family keep their toasters on the work top despite being [RELIGION]/Unionist ?","surprise"
"So. Damn. Greasy.","annoyance"
"Did you just say suck a fuck?","anger"
"i was on there back during the primaries and it certainly WAS satire, but then [NAME] started banning everyone who wasn't insane ","neutral"
"Great to hear!","approval"
"Beast milk. My favourite!","joy"
"We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.","annoyance"
"Do you want to see a picture of my diploma","neutral"
"You know what would instantly unwreck you? A good screwing. Transformational !","curiosity"
"Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month","neutral"
"If you are in the northern hemisphere, you must subscribe to the [NAME] “seasonal theory of lardons”.","neutral"
"Will the RNG fuck me as with XCOM?","anger"
"Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo ","embarrassment"
"Oh [NAME], tell me more I'm almost there..","neutral"
"Usually they treat what they know. They cannot write down that they are treating you for BPD until you are officially diagnosed.","neutral"
"Because they're rapists themselves or share rapist-like behaviors","neutral"
"Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!","gratitude"
"I never wanted to punch osap harder after seeing that However not too hardly I cant afford them taking everything away","disapproval"
"Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general. ","anger"
"Oh, and there is also a picture of them kissing. Looks like someone else took it.","neutral"
"What about fuckboi from DR? [NAME] ex. She was frauded if anyone was. Naive, but frauded.","neutral"
"Oh I see","neutral"
"Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says "cat sanctuary" and hang it above your front door. ","caring"
"yes Yes YES # YES","neutral"
"I appreciate it, that's good to know. I hope I'll have to apply that knowledge one day","admiration"
"True but I think we should be able to strike a deal for less than 50-60m which is worth it in today's market imo","neutral"
"...if there is a way to edit this to "original content" I'd love some coaching on that. Thanks folks! ","gratitude"
"It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour","neutral"
"You choose a bad time, no one is fessing up anything during an election.","annoyance"
"It honestly sounds like he has some type of addiction to games. Reminds me a lot of my ex.","neutral"
"I apologise, I'm a bit hot headed at times, especially on this account.","remorse"
"Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.","surprise"
"Who gives a shit. Stay in your fucking car.","anger"
"Woah you still found this, even when he spelled your name wrong, so you didn't get paged.","admiration"
"Reported to the coppers. Enjoy your steel cutlery in your anus.","annoyance"
"THESAURUS THREW UP ON THIS COMMENT","neutral"
"probably because unlike the far left there actually isn't a significant difference between the ideologies of the far right","optimism"
"My husband and I have been circling the drain for years. :(","approval"
"I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.","disapproval"
"I envy flippers, but am in Canada where postage is so high, shipping would eat any profit.","disappointment"
"Thanks, I love it ","gratitude"
"Okay well we should move him to wherever he gets the most opportunity to blitz from LB while our new signee can cover behind","neutral"
"!RemindMe 10 days","neutral"
"I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.","desire"
"Sorry if I was insulting, I just took your post as some commie type smugly trolling how stupid [NAME] is ","sadness"
"Lmao. Idk why this made me laugh out loud so hard. Ig cause it’s actually true lol.","neutral"
"I'm still testing the waters. Hazelnut mocha latte with almond milk is da bomb!","admiration"
"Venezuela should be one of the wealthiest and influential countries in the world except their infrastructure and society is falling apart due to centrally planned economics and socialism.","neutral"
"That's so horrible. I am so sorry that you had to endure that abuse. I hope that you have a bed that you love now.","embarrassment"
"About as odd as it is noticing a hockey players finger nails on tv","admiration"
"You got a problem with Canada gooses taking Canada deuces","neutral"
"oh my gooooood","neutral"
"That’s not what I said, but ok. ","neutral"
"Kindly shut your pie hole.","anger"
"Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.","annoyance"
"Seems like [NAME] got shot by the **japanising beam**","approval"
"Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.","annoyance"
"it's not gatekeeping if it's true","neutral"
"I suspect that it's harder to combat sexism in academia because racialized theories have fallen out of favor but sexist ones are still all the rage.","realization"
"Pretty sure it's a rubber toy made to look like one","approval"
"[NAME] didn’t actively take any guns or accessories from me. [NAME] is... stop repeating circa 2012 Fox News propaganda to protect an active traitor.","neutral"
"That son of a gun [NAME] knew that a streaming network was the future. He took a huge risk and now everyone is following suit!","realization"
"Damn Blake is on fire today","neutral"
"Lmao doesn’t even try to refute.","amusement"
"Lollll the mental gymnastics required not to be embarrassed by admitting you have to buy someone elses hair.... To put on your heads lol like what hhaaha","caring"
"Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson","gratitude"
"That's not true. There are people that genuinely want to cause harm to people and don't care about reactions.","disapproval"
"The worst Alabama loss under [NAME]. It was a good day.","gratitude"
"Gods, what a loser.","disappointment"
"Let's be honest here if [NAME] played last night the Canucks win. This defense is a major concern and needs a complete overhaul this offseason.","approval"
"Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.","disappointment"
"Every time, lots of people overwhelm me. I have light sensitivity to florescents so that doesn't help. ","optimism"
"Same old b.s.","neutral"
"Is there anything more conclusive, recent, and far reaching than a survey in 1988 Arizona?","neutral"
"In a CNBC interview he said due to the current events he identifies as an independent.","neutral"
"Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)","gratitude"
"food pranks really irk me 😔","anger"
"Oh, it’s you again. Here: ","surprise"
"She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.","disappointment"
"Call your legislator and complain. Ill-mannered public servants tend to fear politicians more than they do lawyers.","neutral"
"> shoddy hitboxes, imprecise movement Compared to what 3D game exactly? Have you not played Dark Souls?","disapproval"
"He sounds like a real piece of work. Get him gone and live your life free of his physical and mental burden.","admiration"
"Try peeling from one end and carry to the other, if you just lift up then your doing it wrong","neutral"
"I think this is very relevant, u/lilhan2","approval"
"I love [NAME] can’t wait for the full circle version of him","excitement"
"Glad he didn’t try to backpedal about his feelings. They are valid and he has a right to have them.","approval"
"Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P","caring"
"[NAME], was a hero. I just, could~~n’t~~ see it. ","neutral"
"Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha","remorse"
"Well if this post isn’t just like staring into a mirror, I don’t know what is. ","confusion"
"Exactly.US has the 2nd highest carbon emmisions in the world","approval"
"Gifts are bugged. Your friend didn't get the chest, but somebody else did.","neutral"
"the left platform is idealist and they don't like anything that gets in the way of the dream of the iddal","neutral"
"Lol, good luck! Hope it goes well for you (I have no idea how it’s working at all for me)","amusement"
"You're welcome","neutral"
"> this racist rant. Pretty amazing to drop the N word while trying to talk about incivility and decorum.","neutral"
"If that’s the case then these shows really are all about messing up people’s health...","disapproval"
"Can’t believe people still fall victims to those machines.","disapproval"
"It's very hard to be an alcoholic drinking only beer.","neutral"
"It doesn't really matter because since BF came out on console it's slowly become shit. :)","disappointment"
"Yep i always say this. Absolutely best case scenario is a foul ball. If he puts it in play it's probably a dribbler.","approval"
"I do avoid it.","annoyance"
"This is what makes this sub so valuable, crazy and fun.","admiration"
"I really want external armor vests. Luckily, I'm the Chief so I can say what goes.","optimism"
">It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0","annoyance"
"very interesting hill to die on","excitement"
"22 hours and emailed support an hour ago, no answer yet. Will update here on progress.","neutral"
"Huh, I wonder why the NFL doesn't have the umpire line up there anymore?","admiration"
"You can see flairs and select them on the desktop version. You can’t see them on mobile.","neutral"
"I didn’t know they ventured outside Facebook","disapproval"
"She is in a weird fairy tale stage, but then also realistic. I’m so confused. I guess you be both delusional and logical? ","annoyance"
"Sure, sorry for late response.","sadness"
"It’s very unlikely that they charged the rider again.","disappointment"
"> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....","realization"
"How is Canada going?","neutral"
"A-fucking-men! :)","neutral"
"This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.","admiration"
"I wish non-BPD people understood the pain of a relationship ending like we do. It's crippling and lasts forever.","desire"
"Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok","optimism"
"Happy New Year you wonderful mummy you! I was thinking about you today and hoping you were doing okay ☺","approval"
"I had smoothies in the past with these packets. Solid as fuck. Dragonfruit one too.","approval"
"I get abused on the daily fam ‍♀️‍♂️‍♂️‍","embarrassment"
"Nobody is mad about that.","neutral"
"Guess [NAME] back hurts more than [NAME] neck, a comeback insues.","joy"
"You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.","approval"
"As a man I would be quite pleased to hear this","gratitude"
"It's shaped fine. It fits her. It looks great and I'm jealous.","admiration"
"Cause she's being doing drag for the amount of my lifetime lol","amusement"
"Communists are the scum of the Earth.","annoyance"
"I have seen this a few times. Feels staged...","annoyance"
"It's a prime-time soap. I feel so guilty.","disappointment"
"That's no coincidence, factorio was inspired by modded Minecraft and iirc the first public post about the project was on the industrial craft forum","approval"
"No, some of us thought it was gross back then too.","disapproval"
"I don’t think that can happen here.","disapproval"
"Goddamned masterpiece.","anger"
"Are you an ENTP? That sounds like a pretty ENFP motivation to me. You don't have a flair, so just curious.","admiration"
"I think that's just natural, humans weren't really intended to fly by nature so I guess it just feels wrong or something, idk","disapproval"
"Very very nice to see this irl. Nice post 👌🏼","admiration"
"I want G League over here in Spokane so bad!","desire"
"Irrelevant, actually You're both talking about different things","disapproval"
"Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub","sadness"
"Thanks! Would trollgc work too?","confusion"
"[NAME] I want to get that ~~monkey~~blackhawk off our back so bad.","curiosity"
"True but stranger things have happened.","approval"
"I cried more here than in Star Wars.","sadness"
"He's not the [NAME] he's just a very naughty boy!","neutral"
"Then we can both work together and prove to ourselves that we don't need them and we can get better","neutral"
"true I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.","approval"
"> if nine out of ten girls were going to reject me, I would approach twenty. That sounds like a threesome","amusement"
"Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.","admiration"
"Thanks, that's exactly what I needed to hear 💜","desire"
"Some great advice right here!!!!!! I forgot about this","realization"
"To bad we aren’t getting [NAME] vs [NAME] and [NAME] literally burning it down to close out mania. But man I love this belt.","disappointment"
"There’s enough public shaming. I said let the drunk woman free!","neutral"
"Nooooooooo I was a student staff member at the WCC and this makes me so sad and angryyyyy","anger"
"I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.","amusement"
"What the Fuck?","anger"
"They’re also communist, so that puts them above their reproach","disappointment"
"please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play","annoyance"
"whyyyyy !!!! ughhh","neutral"
"Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny","surprise"
">We banned Whose alt are you with your mod-powers?","neutral"
"I am honored to be your only comment","neutral"
"Sorry you’re having to deal with that crap on your birthday. Hope the rest of your day gets better!","optimism"
"Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.","neutral"
"Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P","fear"
"Idk it’s your choice","curiosity"
"I mean I understand the joke but are y’all actually going to he posts relating to the team","annoyance"
"when was the last time our PP was good","curiosity"
"Yes, however I did misquote the study, however I've corrected my OP ","neutral"
"Ohhhhh. *That’s* what that was.","excitement"
"I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.","annoyance"
"you don’t have to wake up if you don’t sleep to begin with. problem solved","neutral"
"I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.","remorse"
"Found the selfish and shitty anti-vaxxer in the thread. How many of us have to die before you get your fucking kids vaccinated?","anger"
"This is a throwback game. So many plays in the low post","neutral"
"After he left the bus, the two harpies sat next to each other and discussed why they were unable to find a decent man.","neutral"
"I guess Metric is old enough now for one of their songs to be Grey’s title. Huh.","realization"
"MmMm I love me some microplastics.","love"
"What’s a dis- what’s that?","curiosity"
"be your own goth girl","neutral"
"Unfortunately not.","disapproval"
"The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.","admiration"
"That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though","annoyance"
"You gotta make yourself happy when no one else does","joy"
"Yet we keep supporting this race to the bottom to the worst tolerable option...","realization"
"Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...","excitement"
"I fucking love this GIF so much.","joy"
"No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.","disapproval"
"Amazing bot, you’re doing great sweetie ","admiration"
"That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.","disapproval"
"That song was epic live","admiration"
"Been there, done that. Not the best idea unfortunately. Especially if it doesn't work. Gets awkward ","disappointment"
"Did you check the bowl?","neutral"
"how sad you feel about this makes me sadder than the actual story lol. you sound like a really kind person.","amusement"
""[NAME]!" *screeched the two apprentices as they tried to prove their worth to the the one who shall not be named*","neutral"
"This reminds me of the trolls that would tell people it was a ‘cool science experiment’ to cook up chlorine gas in people’s homes.","neutral"
"Lmao thanks for the update!","gratitude"
"I’ve never seen such dramatic tongue involvement.","neutral"
"People like standing in line drunk for extended periods of time, apparently. I don't know how else you could enjoy that experience except lots of booze. ","amusement"
"wondering what the hookup scene is like in the north woods of Wisconsin?","neutral"
"I love it! Cute sprite work....","gratitude"
"I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke","amusement"
"I think some of them expect there to be a cashier standing like a statue at every register at all times no matter how slow business is!","neutral"
"The dying empire.","neutral"
"Rip hot chocolate 2019-2019","neutral"
" And not all children's hospitals need the same stuff, so call and ask what they need. But I like your tip. You're correct. ","approval"
"That makes sense. Thanks.!","gratitude"
"Not all comedy is for everyone. Check out some of their other stuff, though. They're overall hilarious.","neutral"
"I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot","amusement"
"[NAME] smashed some kitkats on their table for internet points. Very cool.","admiration"
"Have you tried warm tea with honey?? That always helps my kids throats when they are sore!","approval"
"She has a good voice for a yoga teacher","admiration"
"He seems to have a really cool fashion sense, maybe he can do something with it one day, maybe go to Paris?","optimism"
"[NAME] gets no love.","sadness"
"Images you can hear, “oh my [NAME] laughter”","annoyance"
"[NAME] can get the web action, ja feel?","neutral"
"Best of luck in Cleveland, Plaw Dog!","optimism"
"Interesting. I’m very against the death penalty.","admiration"
"Please explain more","neutral"
"She can be crazy fo sho","amusement"
"it’s starting to get weird","embarrassment"
"No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.","anger"
"I do but I like my job. I just hate the fact I HAVE to go do it.","anger"
"Dude I was done with my last comment how didn’t you get that","neutral"
"Hold on to your butts!","neutral"
"mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits","love"
"Neko Atsume is a really wholesome and cozy game too!","neutral"
"It’s so weird, I think it’s like excited/stressed? ","curiosity"
"Right? Doesn't even stand a chance against my milk 80% of the time","disapproval"
"This!!!","neutral"
"ooh a piece of candy","joy"
"Removed? Damn no respect.","anger"
"Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message","curiosity"
"And then he comes back after Wallmark's goal with, "A little Swedish Sizzle!" Best play-by-play announcer in the business. Love him!","admiration"
"I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good","admiration"
"So how depressing is it that I know that's not true? You still gotta pay for a cold delivery.","disappointment"
"She's so cute! Give her all the huggles","admiration"
"The incorrect number of O's has depressed me","disappointment"
"It looks a little like my 5th grade science experiment...","excitement"
"I like to imagine that it's just the same 2 incompetent drivers who live in the area and keep plowing into innocent cars at that one fateful intersection.","disgust"
"love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!","love"
"By the way the dogs also alerted at kuss road but will just ignore that much like [NAME] did lol ciao","neutral"
"The number of pedos is too damn high!","anger"
"It seems you might be right. I found this","approval"
"He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me","annoyance"
"I do watch legends and lol yes we all know she existed/originated in the future. I also know that this is a different [NAME] from the [NAME].","amusement"
"X+n is an even worse option for class caps, so you have pointed out that an old broken system is now more broken. Thanks. ","disapproval"
"You are, or you're. Thanks","gratitude"
"I have always found them grating","approval"
"Or they saved their mom from a lifetime of fixing him... 🤕","neutral"
"My man.","pride"
"Maybe or my reptilian DNA hasn't manifested yet","neutral"
"Imagine the wild sex?","neutral"
"😅 thanks bew bew","gratitude"
"I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.","annoyance"
"He landed badly on his shoulder at full speed. Definitely wasn’t nothing","caring"
"lmaooo you're right I did mean [NAME] by that haha "she" lol","amusement"
"Lol at least stand by your dumb opinion instead of deleting it.","amusement"
"I've found that people who say things like that are the worst at partying","annoyance"
"I’ve thought about it... if my next job doesn’t really make me happy. My wife is all for it.","neutral"
"For what it's worth, I hope you have a great year anyway.","optimism"
"Destroyed healthcare you mean? We have to pass it to know what’s in it. 🤣 what a dumbass.","curiosity"
"I already trained him to snap if they treat him like a normal pet.","neutral"
"Oh no. Your poor friend, I hope she can move past it someday. That has to be such a hard burden to carry.","sadness"
"Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me","anger"
"It's hard to say. They are an above average team that often looks lifeless and underachieves.","disapproval"
"Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.","neutral"
"...what?","neutral"
"JFC, they can't help themselves.","neutral"
"Yup this game just gets worse and worse","disgust"
"Oh no, they down voted me, they canny take patter :'(","neutral"
"It's on here daily. Karma whores eh?","annoyance"
"IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]","annoyance"
"This is the kind of thing that makes me want to move away far into the mountains away from civilization.","approval"
"Something like Chariot will occur again but all electric and highly autonomous. Something I wish [NAME] could do right now.","optimism"
"Thank yoooouuuuu ❤️","gratitude"
"I’d say her knee is more done, ankle looks ok but I’m n doctor lol","amusement"
"That depends on the type. Some are three wheels spinning inside each other and **covered in eyes**.","approval"
"My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!","surprise"
"Like protesting for higher minimum wages and better benefits for worker? Yeah, we protest for the opposite in Canada.","annoyance"
"He doesn't He just want to get the F*** out of there.","disapproval"
"Ok thanks for your help!","gratitude"
"Serious props for this it embodies the grumps perfectly.","neutral"
"You have a nice bro.","admiration"
"I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.","disappointment"
"Sorry I took so long, it’s the pangolin! It’s a crazy mammal with armor scales!","excitement"
"Nice quote, not sure if it was worth the time to pull up though.","admiration"
"AFTER TEN THOUSAND YEARS I'M FREE","neutral"
"Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.","disgust"
"I like the name mummied the best so far","optimism"
"The bus loop was never going to entice families to transfer their kids to city schools. Is it great for kids already there? Yes.","joy"
"Mine fell out of my turquoise juul and it didn’t make any difference other than the light being brighter lmao. It’ll be fine","amusement"
"Same, but [NAME] is one of my favorite champs, so beong useless hit me extra hard.","annoyance"
"I had a GB in 1999 and it was worse than birthing my son. I would have loved to have had the sleeve....","anger"
"I'm a nasty ho","annoyance"
"Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack","gratitude"
"Did wsj even report this?","neutral"
"I was just joking...","joy"
"Damn it!","disappointment"
"No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.","disapproval"
"It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.","admiration"
"I wish. But sadly my job relies on other people so I just can't be the sole person","desire"
"That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.","desire"
"I mean your brain isn't fully developed, especially the decision making skills until between 20-25. I forget the exact age. ","annoyance"
"I would love to be woken up by that","love"
"I’d say her knee is more done, ankle looks ok but I’m n doctor lol","amusement"
"Sometimes, I am amazed that they are able to fit into a car.","surprise"
"You just know he liked his own comment","neutral"
"[NAME] is phenomenal. It’ll be a sad day once he’s gone","disappointment"
""...after the ear grew back..." Wait. What?","neutral"
"But then I never would have gotten to see the double doink!","neutral"
"Thought so, that kind of overt bullying disappears when you leave school, although there is still homophobes but they're more discreet about it.","neutral"
"Honestly if you put it in your head that it won't it'll just be a pleasant surprise if he does","curiosity"
"Amazing doggo 😍","admiration"
"Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too. ","approval"
"Asking the right questions You can't do that on reddit tho","neutral"
"Wow no wonder everyone is driving mopeds around. That's all there's room for.","surprise"
"[NAME] loves (the taste of) people","love"
"Wow I’m sorry. Can you take pictures of your bruises? What was she nagging you about?","remorse"
"Other form of distractions such as shopping, reading, media, being here and also being surrounded by people I find attractive :-/","neutral"
"Children whose lives are in danger daily because their parents won’t vaccinate them should be legally allowed to kill their parents.","annoyance"
"Both teams played fantastically defensively, just because it’s not a 10 goal game doesn’t mean anyone played badly. ","disapproval"
"She's used an app on her waist, you can tell from the pixelation in her hand and from looking at her you tube","neutral"
"I care too much about what others think. Constantly trying to cater to their feelings or worrying about their opinions.","caring"
"You can be partners without being codependant, you can also keep your individuality without worrying or hurting your relationship. Its all about communication.","neutral"
"For some people this is mindblowing, simple mind, simple pleasures ","joy"
"Omg, your screen name made me lol!!","amusement"
"Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.","approval"
"They put him on a minutes restriction for some reason, guessing cause he's not in really good shape?","curiosity"
"anyone is allowed to talk to a therapist, and get counselling. that was never the issue","approval"
"Don’t wait. Take control of your life back and leave. You know that’s what’s going to happen.","neutral"
"It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet","confusion"
"Damn... this weed is the shiznittlebamsnipsnapsack!","annoyance"
"HaHa... Earnin' and Burnin'! Snappin' necks and Cashin' Checks! Cheers, brother!!!","gratitude"
"You’ll pay for that.","neutral"
"I didn't say it was proof that anything was a scam with no future, perhaps you're projecting.","caring"
"It looks like it's outdoors in the snow, so you'd be wearing gloves anyway.","approval"
"Everyone loved the Snacks trade.","approval"
"i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really","pride"
"Brown woman bad","neutral"
"*they were not* 😂 perfect. I’m sure they were - that mental image is pretty awesome lol","neutral"
"#Go Knights Go!!","neutral"
"Haha I’m not expecting anything at considering they’re 2,000 miles away from me. I’ll be surprised if she does give me numbers,","amusement"
"Awesome, that's super good news :D","admiration"
"My 8 year old niece enjoys them. 12 year old nephew thinks they're brilliant though :)","approval"
"lol i’m mean and i know it, it’s because i’m a pisces bitch 👅👅💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻","amusement"
"Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that","approval"
"Glad to see we are still around :).","joy"
"He was standing there, they went up to him. Like have you not watched the video?","confusion"
"Below Springfield Illinois dweller checking in. Thanks for sharing the ILGuns sub!","gratitude"
"I don’t see the MAGA hat kid working to undermine civil liberty. It’s at least understandable to react violently to tyrants.","annoyance"
"YES! I LOVE Olaplex :)","love"
"Its worth it for the other big character they bring in.","neutral"
"Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.","desire"
"Mexicare for All.","neutral"
"Makes sense. Thanks for the rational and respectful comment","gratitude"
"Highly reccomend it OP Listen i got 74 days cigerette free i couldnt be happier! My next step is quitting the juul which is gonna be rough","desire"
"Fair, yes, [NAME] is against that, so a good transition on your part.","admiration"
"My daughter attempted in November of 2012. She also still struggles. Glad you’re BOTH still alive!","gratitude"
"The OP is basically saying the sb is a product on a shelf with a price tag, stating her time and body are "commodities ".","neutral"
"bushwick, and playing a drum doesn't mean someone cannot work a job. ","neutral"
"I love that when [NAME] was actually further left of HRC on a few issues like TPP.","neutral"
"I haven't seen a single [NAME] article. But there have been a few [NAME] articles around recently.","realization"
"Thank you !","gratitude"
"Grow up mate","annoyance"
"And the Reds. I subbed over at r/Reds after [NAME] went over there and their excitement at things actually happening fills me with envy","excitement"
"Love these guys and love this skit","love"
"It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.","realization"
"If things were not as they are, they would be completely different. SO WHAT?","annoyance"
"What church do you work at","neutral"
"The fourth person could be [NAME]. But looking at the trailer it’s probably [NAME] who is back because of [NAME] tumour. Sigh.","optimism"
"Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.","anger"
"Great Expectations!","admiration"
"They didn't "say" anything this time either. This is where observation and critical thinking comes in. I trust you can figure it out.","optimism"
"Every YouTube comment: [NAME] is beautiful and perfect how dare [NAME] and [NAME] breath near her, the production are forcing them on us.","admiration"
"I agree, thanks for the help and sorry for the late response.","gratitude"
"Sometimes that would work. Sometimes it wouldn't. Regardless, the OP asked what he could do, not who was at fault.","anger"
"Definitely the second.","approval"
"[NAME] is a turd, but I actually believe him here. I'd be stunned if he didn't have a bigger offer than what [NAME] reported.","disgust"
"Can confirm. My forehead creases came from doing this for years.","annoyance"
"Yeah come back. You are like the coolest most chill dude on Reddit.","joy"
"I wasn't ready for the wholesomeness when I saw it.","remorse"
"Then later, when you're using alcohol to drown your sorrows, at least the guy in the mirror is a friend that you can drink with.","neutral"
"Go check out the survey recently posted on AskFeminists. There are a lot of [NAME] openly admitting it.","approval"
"Love 281, fuck 35.","anger"
"Lesson #1: never but anything from Wish","approval"
"This is a good step. Refusing to vaccinate your kids should be considered child abuse.","admiration"
"Say you ate something or say things they cannot measure.","realization"
"No, he's fine. It doesnt compact","annoyance"
"The effect has Tyus has on ball movement for us is remarkable","admiration"
"Can you share a link to video?","curiosity"
"He was forced into this marriage","disgust"
"Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.","admiration"
"[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.","joy"
"He had plenty of opportunities to play with Stamkos in TB and he never turned into a star.","disappointment"
"Pretend you are the lead in a movie. You will probably get laid, confidence is everything. Bingo bango, great night!","neutral"
"They visit. But they don't stay","neutral"
"No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%","embarrassment"
"aha my favorite reply :)","joy"
"Some people are lucky! Def ask your daughter.","neutral"
"You should like a troll. Not saying you are.","disapproval"
"You just posted the same thing but made it worse.","disgust"
"Because I was a fan through all of those NFCCG losses...","sadness"
"That looks pretty cool","excitement"
"I didn’t think I was implying that you weren’t.","realization"
"I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.","approval"
"Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.","disapproval"
"From what I've gathered it seems a dose is about 10-30 mg of THC, so I don't think you'll feel much.","neutral"
"Reading this made me pretty damn happy. Congrats hope it works out for you two.","excitement"
"[NAME] is my fav skater of all time he's sick","admiration"
"Nah I’d use this so the government doesn’t know things about me or my family.","neutral"
"Play stupid games and win stupid prizes dude.","neutral"
"Get it out of the way as quickly as possible. Some people claim to like it, so maybe you'll be one of those weirdos.","fear"
"It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.","neutral"
"I stopped reading in the first paragraph where they try to make Vanderpump Rules and Desperate Housewives legit shows.","approval"
"The leader of the revolutionaries would be exploiting the labor of the revolutionaries below him!","neutral"
"This was taken when I posted it, I live in western Australia hills near Perth city, and Yeah Boy!!!","neutral"
"He’s just paying lip service to the idea to secure support from people who think he’s pro-EU","approval"
"The FBI has an age cut-off, so act fast!","neutral"
"An RPG could have solved this problem.","neutral"
"Yes, let’s start locking up people without any evidence that they did anything illegal. Definitely not an extremist POV.","neutral"
"Do you want us to return to mediocrity? Why even put that idea out there, man? Trading away our franchise player like that.","neutral"
"Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog","approval"
"Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4","admiration"
"They save on paint markings because nobody would follow them?","confusion"
"Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!","admiration"
"Shouldn’t this be “How sex feels after your wife has a child”","neutral"
"[NAME] forbid someone make a joke around YOU","disapproval"
"Don’t worry I gave him silver","neutral"
"The 4th line for Philly is trash, an all rookie line could probably handle them","neutral"
"And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.","curiosity"
"Was impressed til I saw you main [NAME]","admiration"
"Never forget when [NAME] almost knocked [NAME] out","neutral"
" ### A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one ","surprise"
"For the love of [NAME] stop making him relevant. Please.","neutral"
"Maybe the dog wasn't on a leash the last time...","neutral"
"i just was disapointed because [NAME] wont have the chance to play with the GOAT. i didnt mean to smh to your comment","disappointment"
"Crazy how [NAME] sheds more light on this than Blm. Shame","annoyance"
"Struggling to find :(","sadness"
"> this racist rant. Pretty amazing to drop the N word while trying to talk about incivility and decorum.","admiration"
"The funny part about it our club has the hide to tell us eels fans that it was the game of the year. 🤣","amusement"
"She has some really good dance moves honestly!","admiration"
"She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.","disapproval"
"That would be more accurate but less impactful/explanatory of the point the creator is trying to make---it's an illustration of the Apex fallacy.","approval"
"Lmao he did that at the concert i went to and said that it was the first time hes ever seen it","excitement"
"Wait so you can get an acre of rainforest for $35? I mean, it would be way cheaper at that volume but still that's real cheap","surprise"
"That's scalie, loli, and gmilf at the same time","approval"
"This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]","admiration"
"Meh, I still rock my Burns jersey with pride. ","pride"
"I literally didn’t but ok","confusion"
"Wait, he’s not actually saying that? 🤯 I must’ve crafted my post with too much... SUBTLETY.","admiration"
"Thank you for commenting exactly what I was going to comment and saving me the trouble!","gratitude"
"A day later that banana I told you I ate? It's now turned into **poop** since I absorbed all the goodies from it.","realization"
"There were those god awful GoPro shots in the fight scenes where they had a shaky camera fixed to the actors facing directly at their face, though. ","annoyance"
"Work on your anxiety and self-esteem. Do things for YOU. Love yourself.","admiration"
"HALLELUJAH!!!! YOUVE SEEN THE LIGHT!!!!","gratitude"
"It gets better! You're not alone and any progress is good progress. Always keep fighting.","approval"
"True sequels to what?","curiosity"
"Wow that was such a beautiful drive by [NAME]. Really wish we could see more of that","neutral"
"No kidding, one way or another they'll get much better this year.","desire"
"[NAME], [NAME] is starting a marriage with infidelity and drunk proposals. I hope a happy and long married life for him.","caring"
"Had the item hit you, I would have asked security to hold them, for you to press charges for assault. No one should be entertaining that foolishness","anger"
"Oh really? I didn’t know someone else posted it haha Edit: just looked and someone posted it right after me","amusement"
"Ugh yeah it’s really tiring. I’m in a public place right now and just had like, 3 mood swings. ","neutral"
"So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.","curiosity"
"Kinda what I figured. Just wanted to see if anyone else had this issue before","desire"
"I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.","love"
"Lots of good memes here lately. I like that.","love"
"An especially large comfortable shirty [NAME] wear. It's annoying though because people get jealous of how comfy you are so they climb in your shirt.","annoyance"
"Even this very sentiment! /r/ofcoursethatsathing","neutral"
"Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels","neutral"
"I dunno man. I'll forever like [NAME], but slapping the hand of someone trying to help you up/see if you're alright is a big bitch move","caring"
"I did it. Dont really regret it tbh. Less people hassling me","neutral"
"At a standstill for hours on end? Yes. It took me 7 hours to get home","neutral"
"I'm high RN and can't understand this","confusion"
"I honestly loved her performance as [NAME] in Scott Pilgrim. But then again I also love Scott Pilgrim so...","love"
"What's with the buying porn thing? I missed out on it","disappointment"
"This primary doesn’t deserve this nice birthday.","disappointment"
"Just shut up dude","neutral"
"Seahawks fans are very bad at just taking the L.","neutral"
"Crazy how before the offseason everyone was talking 350-400 mill deals for [NAME] and [NAME] as if that was all but inevitable","annoyance"
"great another filler episode, not like we have had enough of them","admiration"
"Some of us disagree with the socially constructed sexual binary concerning how we were assigned at birth.","neutral"
"The World Between Worlds veered worryingly close to this territory. Luckily it was handled well.","admiration"
"How about this lady with her barn owl on her shoulder? u/lola_birds are you sure about that?","neutral"
"Do they seriously think freshman congressmen are 'leadership'?","curiosity"
"Season x? Sorry bitch but no.","disapproval"
"Feel so bad for her, not even mad about the glove wipe-offs. ","sadness"
"np, good luck","caring"
"Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.","approval"
"Ty! I was going crazy tryin it, canging things... i'l wait then :-)","confusion"
"Yeah, my schedule has been brutal for the past 2-3 years. This year it has become my objective to get more involved to get-in with more parents.","approval"
"Yay! Smug buddies!","pride"
"Oh I will be independent. I don't need someone like that in my life.","disapproval"
"Age of consent does not apply to sending nude pictures. If you are under 18, that is still possession or distribution of child pornography.","neutral"
"Can confirm, I am restaurant","neutral"
"I love that in this example the Soviet Union was communist when they were fighting [NAME], but somehow not communist when [NAME] was killing... like everyone.","neutral"
"Ah yes, the true third gender. ","neutral"
"Wish this applied to TPS's","desire"
""PETA approved" I'm out. I hate PETA even more than I hate mlms","annoyance"
"50% completion percentage and was losing 31-10 at the half. Congrats, he got garbage time yards/points when [NAME] was just icing the game. ","gratitude"
"If the girl is hot I wouldnt mind her texting every second cuz I know shes into me","admiration"
"Rethink your body! With type 2 diabetes, you can loose your lower limbs thanks to peripheral artery disease!","neutral"
"Why do y'all gotta be mean like this. They're clearly comfortable with themselves","approval"
"> I also could care less Back to school, again.","disappointment"
"Hitting me. That just added another funny dynamic to it even though I wasn’t actually trying to hit her.","amusement"
"No haha but this is our first day on Reddit!","amusement"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"Wait... i was told the revolution happens when a girl rejects all her parents taught her and gives her boyfriend her love....","neutral"
"I would enjoy this if it had a few more pixels.","joy"
"That's awesome man. Keep it up bro. Glad to see there's some people out there that still care about others","admiration"
"Awesome. Im pretty jelly rn, im on a t-break for a month. Hope you enjoy. Sending positive vibes brother!!","joy"
"[NAME]: "I like being bad. It makes me happy."","joy"
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! Thank you.","amusement"
"Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!","excitement"
"A nice reminder that no one even considered giving acuna for gray","neutral"
"OK, so I still primarily blame the US. What's your point?","neutral"
"Also. Read the sidebar, thank you.","gratitude"
"*Trust the plan*","approval"
"I watch it every time I see it posted. There's something beautiful about watching someone so passionate and excited about what they've discovered :)","admiration"
"Awesome! I'll see it ASAP. When work won't be this hectic. 😊","approval"
"카니발 sounds more like cannibal than carnival.","optimism"
"Fox News is generally not what I would call credible. Any other links?","neutral"
"Then getafe should have gotten their first goal. Ref is really bad.","annoyance"
"Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.","approval"
"Catching some old highlights, the Bernabeu used to so loud, it was a scene, now its so quiet","neutral"
"Wait what are the stereotypes? As a bi male I'm a bit curious to find out what others think in like.","curiosity"
"Well the last time we got a premier like this, the conservatives didn't get power again until [NAME] and only because [NAME] misstepped at the last second","neutral"
"Oh, and there is also a picture of them kissing. Looks like someone else took it.","neutral"
"Not incel related","disapproval"
"Thank you. For what it's worth, I absolutely am an idiot. But I am making a valid argument within the context.","gratitude"
"he's a fantastic director, i've actually never heard of memories of murder! definitely will add that to my to-watch list :)","admiration"
"That should be fun. I may have call in sick tomorrow. Lots of Bournemouth fans including my boss.","joy"
"100% correct. Seriously, listen to [NAME] talking points when she mentions Syria. Matches RT propaganda exactly.","neutral"
"Hey at least we’re still 5th after losing 2 straight.","relief"
"See, this is what films lack nowadays, taking real risks with implications of [NAME] on Animal fart sex. Bravo [NAME]!","annoyance"
"There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.","admiration"
"I have a few WG brushes and a handful of other Fude so I’m really interested on how this turns out...could be good.","admiration"
"Now that is a special kind of stupid.","disgust"
"All that and still tweeting about real and perceived insults.","surprise"
"Lol same.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] made their own beds with their own actions. But I agree with this too .","approval"
"Is this Dragon Age style?","curiosity"
"was the dad just seeing things when he smacked [NAME] hand away?","curiosity"
"Their* comment; sorry. Just realized you’re not the same person.","disappointment"
"I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room","fear"
"So you don't reject your ideology's premise that you can just protect yourself.","annoyance"
"Rule 10 is to make it clear that people who violate the spirit of the rules without breaking the letter will be punished in the same way.","neutral"
"Yes, but shockingly that was the first post of hers I’ve read in years that didn’t make me want to claw my eyes out. ","admiration"
"Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.","neutral"
"She looks like that in every photo","realization"
"Lmao I feel you.","caring"
"congratulations :o)","optimism"
"That kid is beautiful","admiration"
"Good job for politicising a tribute to a local TV show beloved by many.","gratitude"
"Thanks for the sharing your information.","gratitude"
"I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service","love"
"aren't women supposedly great at multitasking?","confusion"
"That's why I think we should clean house. No more leftists, no more whining.","joy"
"Honestly, I really liked being 32. The 30s in general have been great. Happy birthday!","optimism"
"Too lazy to type out "him/her" 3x. That and I don't give a fuck.","annoyance"
"GAA' isn't a sport...","disapproval"
""Ooooohhhhhh... I can *see* the music!"","neutral"
"Homelessness may not be a crime but loitering and public camping certainly are.","realization"
"I pose you this question, "How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?"","anger"
"This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.","admiration"
"Yeah, but most people who have body pillows don't have girlfriends so can we really use this as a good example","annoyance"
"In other news; Water is still wet.","neutral"
"Just commenting here to give you a notification :) Have a nice day now","gratitude"
"What do you think is an unacceptable percentage level?","neutral"
"Was pretty confused about a random guy having dinner with [NAME] until I read your username haha Congrats for Arctic btw!","confusion"
"Actually it's true. But it's a misconception around the shyness concept and not about SA.","embarrassment"
"Hey, I described you in the OP! Everyone's doing it so you have to too, otherwise *you* feel like it's unfair.","caring"
"Oil barons hate him!","anger"
"So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...","joy"
"I love those possum dives!","love"
"It was so great to have a nice friendly NPC like that. Just one student that didn't hate our guts.","annoyance"
"I’m a fan of them in the wild, weasels are interesting. Not as pets, nope. ","admiration"
"This makes my tummy sick.","sadness"
"Looks like your sources were closer to the actual value. Degrom just settled for $17m.","admiration"
"Cool! Just do yourself a favor and do not scroll...","neutral"
"Some are still thinking what's going on😂😂","confusion"
"I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light","embarrassment"
"I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...","caring"
"[NAME] hoping he's [NAME] mum","optimism"
"you would love the episode of the boondocks called the return of the king.","love"
"Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.","realization"
"Lol your adorable, thanks for the humor","amusement"
"Armenian elves are known for their thick skin and mouth-breathing. This one seems stoned, I’d stay away from it.","neutral"
"This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.","admiration"
"Oh wow- some truly have crazy different genetics. I’m glad you got her a friend, I’m sure it helps immensely. ","neutral"
"*Get up and Drive your funky soul by [NAME] starts playing","annoyance"
"Being physically attractive 😒","neutral"
"You seem fun.","joy"
"Same here man, terrible feeling","anger"
"They're obviously not.","neutral"
"Pig Latin kills me internally this is why plastic surgery exsists.","annoyance"
"I’ve heard them say they are less likely to get a job.","disappointment"
"> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha","amusement"
"Honest mistake but I deserve and will accept the shame xxxx","embarrassment"
"I was being sarcastic ;)","realization"
"The middle was an analogy. No one here condones terrorism, as that's attacks on civilians, Destruction of financial buildings isn't that. ","anger"
"He's an altogether better grappler IMO, and so much fun.","admiration"
"Fucking Instagram normies","anger"
"Best way to fight it is to fight it in every way.","neutral"
"Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content","gratitude"
"I don’t know ,I kinda find this funny","amusement"
"Man, I could go for some veal soon.","curiosity"
"We have a team to build Ain't waiting for [NAME] Good move NY","disapproval"
"Takes all characteristics, good and bad ","neutral"
"Doctors hate him! *Like* if you love **[NAME]**, *Ignore* if you worship the **[NAME]!**","disapproval"
"By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.","love"
"where’s that tashy bastard","anger"
"He landed badly on his shoulder at full speed. Definitely wasn’t nothing","relief"
"Lol u wot m8?","amusement"
"How did I miss that?","surprise"
"Its important that we get members from all over the political spectrum, no one wants a circlejerk.","approval"
"It would honestly make sense for her track record and she’s releasing her new song and it’s a plastic runway and she made of plastic","realization"
"The kids aren’t doing anything stupid here... cause it’s a fake video. I feel like this is in the wrong sub.","annoyance"
"Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that. ","sadness"
"> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol","amusement"
"Their tickle fights were interrupting team meetings","neutral"
"That’s a complete","neutral"
"Sorry for your loss mate","remorse"
"You better go to a church tomorrow and repent..also, tell the Pastor what happened. I am serious. ","neutral"
"Wow... congrats","excitement"
"i wouldn’t want to fight me neither","desire"
"Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.","annoyance"
"Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!","surprise"
"Hell it was made clear when I was in High School 5 years ago that we aren't playing a game that's ' too violent '","disappointment"
"I'm so bad playing solo! I guess I need people to help me improve.","neutral"
"What a loon","annoyance"
"If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.","sadness"
"Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure. ","neutral"
"Thanks. I was leaning towards the 11:05 tourney at MGM since it's deeper stack and slightly longer blind levels.","gratitude"
"I always plan that, my wife usually has other ideas though. ","neutral"
"Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.","confusion"
"Pretty fucking brutal when your starting front court is 0-10 from the field. Whatever. I figured we would split this back to back anyway. Good game for our big 3.","admiration"
"I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals. ","admiration"
"Thank you so much! ♥️","gratitude"
"Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.","curiosity"
"Gah!!! I wish you well! Also, what NERVE they have.... wow.","admiration"
"[NAME] has the same amount of points as [NAME]","approval"
"But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)","remorse"
"he wanted to piss off his neighbor next door that yells at people fir walking in his grass.","anger"
"My youngest whispered to me one night that I was as cool as [NAME]","admiration"
"Be patient. Post intelligent and thoughtful comments on others’ posts and it shouldn’t take more than a few days or a week at most.","neutral"
"this is killing me LMAO","amusement"
"Learned my lesson","neutral"
"What is your career field? Maybe you should take a break or something? Beating your head against a wall every day has to be frustrating.","annoyance"
"You are delusional if you think big oil and existing deeply entrenched and rich traditional energy can’t pay scientists more money than new renewable energy can.","disapproval"
"I love how he bends down with his head in the 'loaded' guillotine to screw off the end cap.","love"
"All the ladies can stay at my place.","caring"
"Hey, [NAME] nerf to basic damage and no damage mitigation in stealth! Thank [NAME]!","optimism"
"LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot","excitement"
"league better do right by us and gift us zion. They did this for Nola and Cleveland too....i need to believe in something....pleasE!","neutral"
"Marlboro picked up [NAME] and are phasing out the njoys.","joy"
"Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!","approval"
"Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].","caring"
"I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.","neutral"
"Rattles off potential free agent edge defenders, neglects to include [NAME].","neutral"
"Smh bro you cropped the answers, I gotta know!","neutral"
"this was probably going to be my last thoughts on the matter","optimism"
"Bee happy! ' v')","admiration"
"Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!","disapproval"
"Project stream?","confusion"
"I'm curious - are you under the age of 30?","curiosity"
"Posters all the way down.","neutral"
"I mean it’s a default subreddit soooo... not really saying much lol","amusement"
"In the era of [NAME], and to a lesser extent [NAME], I’m not sure this is a bad thing.","confusion"
"Even in the offseason we can’t escape the injury bug :/","neutral"
"Not evenly proportional, and not what I said. I'm talking just overall shape for proportion. I like a mom belly.... They're pretty sexy.","neutral"
"now youre literally just spouting talking points. its almost like youre just here to promote a political party.","neutral"
"Wee bit touchy..","neutral"
"Putting any human on the same level as [NAME] is sacrilegious and you should be ashamed for spreading such blasphemy.","disgust"
"Daddy issues [NAME]","neutral"
"Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown. ","confusion"
"It's unrelated to the post yet I'm laughing out loud","amusement"
"I can't wait to find out why this is inaccurate and I should hate the person who made this post and shower them with downvotes.","anger"
"You gotta use the footage that you got haha And yeah of course, my guy.","approval"
"I would say more people who have no fucking clue what they are talking about. The hilarity of "he was trying to advance position".","neutral"
"[NAME] still got a little pop tho for calling for the match. Makes me smile that the crowd still loves her.","joy"
"You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head","disgust"
"Cruelty free for animals anyway. 🤦","annoyance"
"It's good at everything, just need a little rest, Even before [NAME] was a high scoring midfielder at one of the worst teams un Italy","neutral"
"Okay, but your other comment didn’t even make sense. Wasn’t sure what you were complaining about ","annoyance"
"I thought we had a rule against incel content?","realization"
"well, most of them won't even get that far because the second you start explaining it they plug their ears and start screaming about socialism.","annoyance"
"Was it the same bike on the unreleased,MISC cover?","confusion"
"The fact that people are still governed by tribal taboos from 2,500 years ago is insane. ","approval"
"YIKES!!","neutral"
"This is amazingly unsatisfying.","annoyance"
"[NAME] and [NAME] = The hero's we need, but not the hero's we deserve.","admiration"
"remind me of this kid. Young people just being innocent on the internet","neutral"
"...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].","excitement"
"that sucks, good luck next time!","anger"
"Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.","amusement"
"It doesn't matter if 99% didn't vote for him, it only maters that he got 50% +1 of the seats.","neutral"
"This is going to be a disaster","disgust"
"Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.","approval"
"It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become "Posterboy for edgy manchilds"","neutral"
"That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.","admiration"
"yeah its cool","admiration"
"lmao!!","neutral"
"He’d be amazed i was alive and I’d have a super hot wife.","desire"
"162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol","amusement"
"Never forgive, never forget ","annoyance"
"Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them","anger"
"Oh boy, leprosy!","surprise"
"Have you read the AUMF? It's insane how much power it grants the government to prosecute the "War on Terror"","curiosity"
"What? The claim is 2018 best shooters. Not overall best shooters","surprise"
"That one is my favorite btw, its delicious. sorry you couldn't have it :(","love"
"It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now","annoyance"
"Hold my beer while I record danger juice","neutral"
"I friggin choked scrolling up to this","fear"
"It's the app, you get daily readings, you can communicate with the other members, reminders, etc, download the app you'll see","neutral"
"Viral marketing for [NAME] new tour?","neutral"
"Man’s a dreamboat. An absolute moisture factory.","desire"
"Weird, though. So many people love to identify themselves by their corporate loyalty.","neutral"
"I once went outside with my eyes open, it was way too intense for me.","neutral"
"Naw man Asain men have an easier time. Most of my asain friend are pretty boy. Fuckbois lol","amusement"
"I lowkey love the chicken and waffles from longhorn chicken. It’s a food truck in west campus.","joy"
"Good luck!","joy"
"Do you boo boo. Live your best life","caring"
"If you’re downloading from windows I believe so","approval"
"this would be insane on your heart dude, but life’s short and people have done worse.","neutral"
"She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.","excitement"
"You actually seem like an abusive alt yourself.","neutral"
"Such a beautiful smile! I can tell from your eyes that you’re a good person, and very sweet. I hope life treats you well.","admiration"
"Yes, but [NAME] is right when he warns about the US involvement in Venezuela.","neutral"
"Drives me crazy.","excitement"
"That’s so cute!","amusement"
"Welp, I'm an idiot. Even better on you for going through the trouble to give credit, then.","annoyance"
"I need more videos of this cat, love its face xD","desire"
"I know. I didn't say I agreed with it did I?","neutral"
"She has a dirty mind perfectly fine looking cannon until she manifest the awkward scenario.","embarrassment"
"Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)","neutral"
"It would need immediate medical attention and hospitalisation. Might be fatal due to liver failure.","neutral"
"But how's the breathing through the nose. That's the important question. Can he nail it?","curiosity"
"You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.","neutral"
"I got laid the first time directly after that game too Not sure if there's a correlation, just thought I'd contribute","neutral"
"Would he have more leverage after the election?","confusion"
"To be fair, the illegal should have been out of country. ","neutral"
"Absolutely same.","approval"
"The scooters are fine. It's the people that are the problem.","annoyance"
"I'm a danger to myself","fear"
"Interesting. Is it cool to say colored person now?","curiosity"
"PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE","annoyance"
"More like *Fun* Camps!","neutral"
"It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill","neutral"
"Ahaha alright. Im done. Peace man good luck with everything :)","approval"
"Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not","love"
"I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet","realization"
"Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis. ","love"
"A world where I despise a good number of republicans AND democrats.","disapproval"
"Sodaman going sicko mode","sadness"
"> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.","optimism"
" No one makes that argument, though, except strawmen invents by the right. ","neutral"
"Mother knows best.","neutral"
"Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes. ","annoyance"
"I’m Asian...and the first thing bullies go for are the eyes. No one ever cares that I have black hair.","neutral"
"I hate those days man... So triggering","sadness"
"Shithole universe i mean.","approval"
"it's ok to need an equal partner","approval"
"Hey congrats man, you passed your limits, now keep on going Tekken only gets more fun the better you get","excitement"
"Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.","anger"
"From [NAME]: I T ' S S P E L L E D O U I J A Goodbye","neutral"
"Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.","optimism"
"Well they do have cheap surgery there lol those lucky bastards","amusement"
"There’s nothing wrong with 5’1 in my eyes :v and why exactly do you believe you’re ugly?","anger"
"You're an amazing person OP. Please keep doing you!","admiration"
"I give either a book or music my full attention, not 50% :P","neutral"
"TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it. ","disapproval"
"My only issue with private schooling is it discourages those with children in private schools from wanting money to go towards public education.","approval"
"If you kill a spider instead of putting it outside, you are a grade A bitchmade babyman.","neutral"
"The papers listed at might be of help.","caring"
"*anti-racist. "Racist" is just another slur for 'white', like 'cracker' . Trying to make it work in any other way rings hollow.","neutral"
"For the same reason that you desire for people to explain things to you for free: to gain knowledge that benefits society.","neutral"
"ITT: People defend delusional shitposts.","approval"
"This... I don't think this is Ohio...","disapproval"
"Why doesn't he jerk it to porn like a normal person?","confusion"
"Nice job.","excitement"
"Sony, for similar design on generic game controllers.","neutral"
"Does include bad cgi, tho?","curiosity"
"I have a great connect for 2c-b","admiration"
"Come on, be nice to our resident libertarian to alt right pipeline example","joy"
"I’m offended","embarrassment"
"It's more of a personal issue with me. But I completley understand and respect your decisions and way of thinking","admiration"
"Nah I think that’s a salarian from mass effect 😂😂","disapproval"
"I just housed a transgender person for a few months after she came out to her parrents. So people are so cruel.","anger"
"You post your pics online. Good for you! You're probably not a subhuman","admiration"
"Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.","optimism"
"Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.","gratitude"
"1. How was the video fabricated? 2. Even if it was, how would this invalidate my statement?","neutral"
"Yeah dude I like the brown sugar ones a lot, what’s the problem?","approval"
"Give me an example of the discussions they are silencing with words like "racist" "sexist" and "homophobe"","neutral"
"And yet “50 Shades” got a major release...hmmm","neutral"
"That unfortunately still doesn’t stop the thoughts or really address any issue I raised in my post. thanks for your concern though mate. I appreciate it","admiration"
"I really hope [NAME] or [NAME] or somebody from the show sees this 😂","neutral"
"it looks like American Ninja Warrior but more strength focused instead of agility focused. I'll probably catch an episode or two.","neutral"
"Yea I have Columbia not peoples. Though I don’t think the therm price is much different","neutral"
"The sad truth is that all the feelings you get are real and genuine in that moment","neutral"
"2 Minute [NAME] is the scariest [NAME]. I fear they have yet again, like the regular season game, scored too soon.","fear"
"Ah good, now I don't have to do it.","joy"
"[NAME] is [NAME].","admiration"
"Oh no! No, there was nothing wrong in your comment. I appreciate you taking the time! ","admiration"
"there was some LPT about it, but i don't use those so i don't remember here it is : ","neutral"
"Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).","curiosity"
"Alright thanks ill try, (but thats like dark souls on ng 100 XD)","neutral"
"Good. I want them to remain crazed. More winning for us.","admiration"
"What have you censored?","curiosity"
"This happened to me at Walmart. I was literally there for 10 min using the coin machine and now I have a cart shaped dent in my door...","disappointment"
"I did that.","neutral"
"Super [NAME] told me [NAME] was crap though and that [NAME] was far better :(","sadness"
"I'm surprised [NAME] hasn't had a chance to be called up","surprise"
"This made my rainy day","gratitude"
"I love going out in treacherous weather. For real.","joy"
"Yikes, not good. If you can afford it I suggest getting out of dodge as quick as you can.","neutral"
"Give me liberty or give me death metal","neutral"
"No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...","disapproval"
"You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.","disgust"
"my heart melted omg [NAME]","admiration"
"I want to hug both of them.","joy"
"I mean it’s a default subreddit soooo... not really saying much lol","approval"
"I sure hope so","optimism"
"You sound like you are closer to being a sexual than most.","neutral"
"I think you grossly overestimate how many former felons will bother voting anyway, and grossly underestimate how conservative hispanics ([NAME] in particular) are in Florida.","curiosity"
"I can't watch Isco rotting on the bench and LV playing instead.","sadness"
"The most intimidating man in football","admiration"
"Throwing the book to see what sticks you think?","curiosity"
">it promotes the idea that an individual's vote doesnt matter An individual's vote doesn't matter, though. That's just fact. ","neutral"
"It would work just fine. I wear medium shirts and a small or medium jersey fits me great.","neutral"
"That's a giant, adorable, super-good woofer you got right there!","admiration"
"This is the worst I've ever seen. It really is","disgust"
"Crochet, my good friend","caring"
"So thankful for the conclusion. Having no idea how this played out was definitely going to haunt me","gratitude"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** fleecethread! ^(hug)","joy"
"Do it, and then post pictures. We're all counting on you!","neutral"
"No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME] ","excitement"
"Why are you so fucking concerned with what someone else uses to clean their teeth? You sound like a toothpaste troll.","annoyance"
"What a nasty goal! Gives you chills!","excitement"
"But they didn't because it's fake.","neutral"
"Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.","admiration"
"Time to get new friends. This one clearly doesn’t appreciate you for who you are.","approval"
"I too am a vaginal flap surrounded by useless flesh. Let us fly into the sunset and get raped.","neutral"
"Funny that punches to the face are completely forbidden in Kyokushin competition.","disapproval"
"You've described my parents who have been happily married for 36 years. You are good dude.","admiration"
"I’ve never been in love, haha. So I wouldn’t know.. thank you for this comment :)","amusement"
"Wow first fight in a while where I don't want either dude to lose.","approval"
"Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!","neutral"
"YOU GOT FAT!","neutral"
"That's probably how she got the infection in the first place...","neutral"
"Yea having children will always solve the problem","neutral"
"I don’t go out that way much but even [NAME] is killer if it’s slippy out.","fear"
"Eh happiness is just a fleeting fish in an ocean of emotion. You can catch it a few times but dont expect to live off it.","neutral"
"Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!","annoyance"
"You got the law all wrong...","neutral"
"One can only hope this is the worst issue you ever have to deal with in life. Sheesh.","disgust"
"wrong place thats hilarious","joy"
"I'm always down for pimple popping pupper pictures!","joy"
"The post in this screenshot and your comment shows how fragile you guys really are.","annoyance"
"Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol","confusion"
"I drove to Alaska from Washington state a couple years ago in a tractor trailer. Those roads are already pretty "interesting".","admiration"
"Filled with water?","curiosity"
"Anything yet?","neutral"
"😂 Dude, ok your cool now","approval"
"Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.","approval"
"Looks like Russian agitprop is pivoting to Tulsi. [NAME] can kiss his chances for 2020 goodbye.","love"
"Nobody uses OkCupid anymore. Go to a bar and pick someone up","neutral"
"Detroit can be interesting...","excitement"
"I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.","embarrassment"
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.","joy"
"let's hope it gets better.","optimism"
"I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.","neutral"
"i communicate through morse code by constantly crouching and standing up. I generally prefer explaining how my oponent can improve when i beat them badly","admiration"
"hmmm sounds vaguely familiar.","approval"
"Because they think the govt should provide all the jobs, they're crazy. ","approval"
"And I never had the idea to keep anything. Too creepy. Maybe our multiple Liberator pillows....","neutral"
"Shame he’s an UFA instead of an RFA","remorse"
"That looks like before Fox even owned it, I was surprised to see it's almost been 30 years","surprise"
"Would anyone actually pay close to $100? And how difficult would it be to do this?","confusion"
"I mean it's just not. A lot of people are just like this.","neutral"
"Pretty sure if I reposted this it would just get ignored smh","annoyance"
" [NAME], the worst Premier in Ontario, although [NAME] is a close second. ","neutral"
"Not a bit. There is zero chance. So everyone should stop squawking about it.","neutral"
"A lot of girls who are hot don't want to date someone who can be more attractive than they are.","neutral"
"So you just don't believe we should have non-profit organizations. I guess that's consistent at least.","disapproval"
"I tried it that way first and thought this was better, thanks for the input though! ","approval"
"I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic","neutral"
"Spin him with your curls and put him in your pocket Douzy. And toss him in the Alps.","neutral"
"I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.","desire"
"I like the dog better than you too.","approval"
"I thought that was a dude the whole time","realization"
"[NAME] damnit, have your upvote ","anger"
">He was deeply and utterly insecure, and it was pathetic. He still is. And it still is.","disgust"
"That was more of a dumb [NAME] decision to play the corners to far back","neutral"
"A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.","joy"
"I mean clearly it's because they don't understand the pricing for babies/young children on the black market.","annoyance"
"Pepsi tastes better in the UK than Coke but US/Canada coke is pure diabetes and Pepsi is disgusting.","admiration"
"LOL "making" Nesquick takes exactly 7 seconds","amusement"
"Unfortunate that her knee never rose to the occasion","neutral"
"Wow [NAME] has a lot more insecurities than I thought","neutral"
"They've already said that they don't care about Russia or collusion. They are so far gone.","neutral"
"Thanks for the advice","gratitude"
"Damn, wish I could just pick up a hobby and start training 4 or 5 times a week...","realization"
"No, you have the right too. Pretty crazy, but awesome thing we have. Freedom of expression.","admiration"
"I'm so glad you weren't physically hurt","joy"
"He’s one of the calmest goalies I’ve ever seen in general haha","admiration"
"Greetings, fellow resident of a rectangle with a pointy bit in the corner.","neutral"
"I'd take Florida winning it all this year, just so it's not Bama/Clemson 5","desire"
"Wow, you really missed the point, didn't you?","annoyance"
"Are u retarded","neutral"
"Thanks! I ordered some and let them know I'm traveling so I think I'm pretty set","admiration"
"True love isn't something you find, it's something you build. ","love"
"I like to think that the next update will add zeros effects towards the tac mask challenge. Speed things up real quick.","curiosity"
"Takes a lot of courage to admit they are autistic online. Nice to see you worked up the courage buddy!","admiration"
"Thanks! Would trollgc work too?","gratitude"
"Wow must be a good market. Could maybe hit up to $150 a day","admiration"
"Yeah I usually do it if no-one will","neutral"
"At least he'll always have a job in a russian circus. Cant teach a bear to do that trick","neutral"
"The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle","excitement"
"Glad it finally made it.. I was beginning to think "[NAME], I hope this guy doesnt think I welched on the bet". LOL","joy"
"TOLD YOU ALL, bravo","neutral"
"He looks 5","neutral"
"I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.","admiration"
"wouldn't it actually probably be Army?","neutral"
"He's both. An edgy neckbeard skinny fat, but he is undeniably funny. ","amusement"
"He's already dead!!!!!!!","surprise"
"Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!","optimism"
"Nah I choked on my food","sadness"
"Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl","love"
"You have to be rich to use health insurance; the copays are brutal.","anger"
"If you are feeding your two year old 1200 calories then you are fattening them up for the stew lady.","realization"
"I doubt groot arms are on the list of MLB approved bats. It's politics","anger"
"Not relatable I am not cool in public","approval"
"I do this. Every. Single. Time.","approval"
"My.. friend.. wants him to upload it, if he did!","neutral"
"Maybe you can't, but plenty of other people would be able to.","annoyance"
"Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.","annoyance"
"Need age to help, as "pretty sure shes interested" normally means shes either being nice OR just likes the attention abit while at work.","caring"
"The joke is that people still do this, so it is humorous that you are implying it's a thing of the past.","annoyance"
"Funny enough, I'm a Braves fan from CT whose main football team is the saints... So I don't like this post one bit. ","joy"
"*Looks at Amoeba music shirt* Cool i have every album ever made!","admiration"
"Not a steal at all but thats about 100 times the amount he ever successfully defended","neutral"
"Or SFO. The only one that comes close is SEA and it’s a looooot smaller.","neutral"
"I have access to some LCMS'. But I don't think it's useful for thermate.","disapproval"
"At least vote 3rd party. A vote for DSA signals a voter that could vote [NAME]. Staying home signals voter apathy","neutral"
"NICO WITH THE SMIRK!","joy"
"How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!","disgust"
"haha good one friend real neato joke!!!!","amusement"
"This is literally why women think men CANNOT be raped.","neutral"
"I'd be happy for them to take a shot at him, I think he's an excellent player and only getting better.","caring"
"Lol. Thanks for the link.","amusement"
"Lol I even got called transphobic. Love to not be allowed to dislike Mother.","amusement"
"thanks! yours inspired my to post mine lol","amusement"
"Now i need an island visit and a nice beef dip from the Crown and Gate!","desire"
"It's the only way to stop the ache.","neutral"
"In a few years she will probably be claiming to be in her 30s!","neutral"
"Are they dead? I don’t recall this bit of the Nativity play.","curiosity"
"Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....","admiration"
"My selfless boi","neutral"
"I like Abram wayyyy more that Rapp. I hope we can snag Abram so we can use our first two picks to fill other holes.","admiration"
"I wonder what was more painful, the stitches or the humiliation.","admiration"
""Sigh" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it "Upvotes angrily"","disapproval"
"We will fam. Enjoy [NAME]. hes a great kid and has a crazy high ceiling","neutral"
"I can totally see it. I’d be very interested to see them interact.","approval"
"Im sorry but I dont get the joke, can someone explain it to me?","curiosity"
"I would if possible but we are a flexible bunch.","neutral"
"Still helpful. Thank you!","gratitude"
"Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere","amusement"
"You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.","annoyance"
"Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.","disapproval"
"It's a shame when a really attractive person does this to themself. Pretty eyes great smile.","admiration"
"I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless. ","annoyance"
"Living is exhausting.","sadness"
"You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.","sadness"
"I work with food - being able to eyeball tbs for recipes is an odd perk I never thought about. Thank you.","gratitude"
"I'm team boneless. If it's not breaded to hell then you're getting more meat for your money.","neutral"
"I'm sorry. Now my entire bad pun looks even worse than it did when I started.","disgust"
"got a screenshot of the interaction!","excitement"
"What? Even his follow up comment was related to dog hair.","surprise"
"My house. Excluding that since it was bank money, we plan to pay cash for a kitchen renovation this year that will be about 7k","approval"
"Lincoln Osiris?","neutral"
"Finally some appreciation","admiration"
"I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to","love"
"California Adventure has beer so I'm fuckin living the dream.","excitement"
"No the bubble is love. The bubble is life. With the bubble comes zero expectations and a sweet sixteen appearance. Such is life in South Canada.","love"
"2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible ","admiration"
"That’s kind of the point of comment sections.","neutral"
"Because it was a terrible idea.","fear"
"[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game","desire"
"Bahahahahaha the life of a fish parent!","amusement"
"I've found out speaking about our traumas is what heals us. Some people also need to hear our struggles to overcome theirs.","caring"
"Actually it's true. But it's a misconception around the shyness concept and not about SA.","disapproval"
"I'm not a [NAME]. Can someone explain this to me?","neutral"
"She can take her boring, drunk husband with her. He's not interesting at all.","neutral"
"I’ve been saying this since the beginning, it would help so much in a intense gunfight","approval"
"If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.","nervousness"
"OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already","caring"
"Well with the inclusion of run counters shit seems pretty pretty brain dead to me.","annoyance"
"Another bad essay by me, sorry for butchering anarchism, anti-ableism and anti-psychiatry but I hope I got the point across :p","sadness"
"I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway","joy"
"I concur:","approval"
"I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing","remorse"
"Lmao all these othr trades happened so I think it's a silly marketing ploy.","amusement"
"Lmao why does every sw fan have to be so melodramatic","amusement"
"who doesn’t know what an Ethernet port looks like lmao","confusion"
"idk what it is either, I think it’s because he looks like he plays in slow motion, but it works for him so idk","confusion"
"What do you mean if it's controlled?","confusion"
"I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.","neutral"
"[NAME], we told you to PLEASE be sober when you come to work!","neutral"
"Same! I love to crochet and this just made me giggle.","love"
"Well one would believe they have learned their lesson regarding nuclear","realization"
"I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times","annoyance"
"I'm so sad.","sadness"
"Um, this department already lost the suit, so they can feel free to admit the wrongdoing and apologize.","annoyance"
"[NAME] is INSTANT offense when he comes in. Dude is a spark plug out there every night.","neutral"
"You seem fun","joy"
"Can you stop living with this person? Engaging in it will only make it more toxic","caring"
"america is pretty much the least class-conscious country in the world so it shouldnt be a surprise. everyone thinks that one day theyll be management so its cool","admiration"
"I got a bad feeling about this. Something tells me they're going to drag this along until 2 weeks before release.","disgust"
"I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.","disapproval"
"If that's their response ask them whether they would go down to the street to cruise for johns if the cam work dried up I'm thinking probably not.","neutral"
"The University of Essex was a mistake. They're not even good at sports.","disapproval"
"Taxation is not an aspect of socialism","disapproval"
"C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT","neutral"
"I'm not a gamer but I always feel bad if I kill an ant or some other bug like that for no reason :( instant regret","disappointment"
"Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life","annoyance"
"Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides. ","disgust"
"Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.","sadness"
"Roll on 5pm till i sit in bumper to bumper traffic until about 7pm when i can finally roll into lisburn","neutral"
"What a strange song","admiration"
"Thank you for your advice! I couldn’t agree more.","gratitude"
"That kid is beautiful","admiration"
"Needs more jpeg. :)","neutral"
"That's the impression I've always had, but man the owner gets snippy if you disagree on your review!","admiration"
"good one. 2 one liners so far.","neutral"
"Wow. Yellow erasure much??? 😡","amusement"
"Not sure wether to downvote because it's bad, or upvotes because that's the point","confusion"
"Damn, I was really hoping for some comeuppance at the end, but at least you no longer have her for a boss, so silver lining.","disgust"
"Be good-looking.","gratitude"
"Ah yes. I remember we began with three.","realization"
"The jockeys one is amazing I don't know what you're talking about.","confusion"
"Please do. lol","neutral"
"Before I processed what I was looking at, I thought [NAME] was [NAME].","neutral"
"It's not even artisanal? You're a monster.","anger"
"I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest. ","disappointment"
"I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.","realization"
"One wrong kick can end oh so horribly","nervousness"
"Many people from 2004 played Fortnite too. You know, because it's a good game and not everyone likes to hate on things arbitrarily.","admiration"
"Let's do this... 4 game win streak again!","neutral"
"for strong bones","neutral"
"He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow","surprise"
"Please just stop spouting rubbish.","annoyance"
"Well, this is the first time I've seen that in over three years.","realization"
"What song was that earlier ? It went oooh oooh ooooh oooh oooh oooh.","curiosity"
"I got you. Here's to something incredible and explosive happening soon.","approval"
"This sub is a fever dream","neutral"
"Was stabbed by a pencil when I was younger, can confirm gave me all the knowledge of the universe.","approval"
"Or Not my policy *Gets beaten up*","realization"
"Wow braised diaper shit damn you're on fire 🔥 ","realization"
"So the term Londoner is now Sunderlander? Thanks for the update.","curiosity"
"Well, yeah, you fucked up. Drop this behavior and game her the normal way as if nothing happened","neutral"
"I guess the top left forgot to read the part of history where their ideology failed many times, and killed many people","neutral"
"Same, hopefully it’s there in 15 years so people have the opportunity to look at it and pick a different brand.","optimism"
"That is not a snake its a tree, it looks like some sort of beach tree to me.","neutral"
"Damn, wish I could just pick up a hobby and start training 4 or 5 times a week...","neutral"
"She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.","approval"
"If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank","annoyance"
"Wowza...you hit the roommate jackpot huh? She sounds unobservant and a special level of insensitive. Pray for her future patients.","annoyance"
"When I can see them while a call it's okay it's only when they stand in front of me","neutral"
"that made me feel bad for nw","sadness"
"I've only been once but we parked at a Publix a couple miles away and had Uber drop us off at the gate. It was perfect","admiration"
"So, a kid?","neutral"
"Prove your faith-based claim.","neutral"
"I kill him before he kills me during the date","neutral"
"Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! 😂😂😂","approval"
"This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!","gratitude"
"Before the ~~Empire~~ MousePire. ooo ooo Mouse Pyre ! lol","amusement"
"That song was epic live","neutral"
"With 8 million we could buy eight 1 million Brazilian/Argentinian players and hope 1 or 2 of them are good.","optimism"
"Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past","approval"
"This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.","amusement"
"Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b","sadness"
"also Appendix: i will explode whenever i feel like it to cause you pain","approval"
"[NAME]: I-I *love* what you’ve done with these poles.. [NAME]: *sniff* *sniff*","love"
"New word for me: tetch·y /ˈteCHē/ adjective bad-tempered and irritable. "she had always been tetchy and impatient with him"","anger"
"The person he marries is going to be murdered by him","optimism"
"What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)","admiration"
"Yeah. Unless you live in a desert, ditch the scarcity mindset. It can keep you in relationships that aren't any good.","approval"
"I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.","caring"
"It WaSn'T TrUe CoMuNiSm !!!!! Derp It WaS StAtE CaPiTaLiSm!!! /s","neutral"
"Missed the beginning of the game, cheers or boos for [NAME]? I'm assuming cheers, but you never know in MTL","confusion"
"you're a true hero","admiration"
"i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago","embarrassment"
"I often give it a game or so just to see if there’s any noticeable factor","confusion"
"Maybe try to do some little thing you really used to enjoy. Even if it's just for 5 mins it's still a small victory.","approval"
"Obviously. If we were able to make such logical risk/reward assessments it wouldn't be a problem.","approval"
"[NAME] country is this entire world. I hate that saying.","annoyance"
"[NAME] voice actor by the end of the game was phenomenal. So much rage and sadness","anger"
"Someone has sex with that.","neutral"
"It's not about the ladies, it's about the balls.","approval"
"I never even thought of that, just that it’s the most uncomfortable way to sit in a car, especially on the driver side! ","embarrassment"
"[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!","optimism"
"You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.","caring"
"“Richtofen breaks the cycle!”","neutral"
"You seem horrible","fear"
"Apparently. I genuinely like [NAME]. Why can’t I reminisce without being judged. Good grief","grief"
"My friends thought I was asexual","surprise"
"No, the best thing is to do cool stuff with care. That's what science is. You don't learn if you don't do stuff.","admiration"
"Nobody ever thought [NAME] was bad though","approval"
"I find most people I paint nurseries for are like this. They do things just to post it online.","neutral"
"Yeah that is a pretty crap and unhelpful thing to say, especially coming from someone who works in that job. ","annoyance"
"I feel this!","neutral"
"Oh wow okay, where can I get a wind proof lining beaning or scarf? And do I have to cover my eyes or anything?","curiosity"
"I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.","gratitude"
"That's freedom of speech for you. We have to give even the assholes a chance to talk, because the alternatives are worse.","anger"
"they were very hot for me half way in the year now diamonds seem dead opened 200 packs last week got 1 diamond","neutral"
"It’s always nice to say something [nice]!","neutral"
"This looks so cute! :D Her eyes came out great and I love her expression.","admiration"
"Thank you for the support!","gratitude"
"Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?","curiosity"
"I wanna die I don't wanna live anymore I really wanna die so bad Please return me to the dark abyss I long for death’s sweet kiss","neutral"
"Broken. Good and grtting better.","neutral"
"That poor cleaning lady","remorse"
"He is like a bad cartoon that’s hard to turn off.","disgust"
"This is amazing and exactly how I feel about him. I love [NAME] and [NAME] but this is why Nuge is my favourite NUGE IS HUUUUUUUGE","admiration"
"[NAME] could kill someone on purpose and she isnt going to get into trouble EVER","sadness"
"Great minds more like... And youtube suggestions.","admiration"
"Learned my lesson","neutral"
"Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.","disgust"
"I dunno if that's really a HMB moment but funny nonetheless.","amusement"
"We don't do that here","disapproval"
"Yeah I’m working with my therapist to help me identify certain behaviors early and pay attention to the red flags.","approval"
"Makes sense. Interesting perspective.","neutral"
"I can't believe you won!","surprise"
"He only does it when I'm playing a fast-paced racing game where I need to always see where I'm going.","surprise"
"Just typed out my comment and then I saw this. Yup, exactly.","approval"
"If you would like to know more about this plant","caring"
"Short answer - No she's not okay. Yes I think she does.","neutral"
"🤷🏻‍♀️ As a wise man once said: he was a bastard in life thus a bastard in death ","anger"
"I see what you saw there.","approval"
"Falcons fan here. I love you guys so much.","love"
"Imagine my shock... but he does seem very representative of the left.","surprise"
"Stop texting him until you meet him. What if he is weird, creepy, not your type etc. ","curiosity"
"I wouldn’t cause I already know my area so well I don’t want other drivers with that knowledge","disapproval"
"horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards","admiration"
"My biggest question is: who is [NAME]? Also: who are the [NAME]? Also: who is [NAME]?","curiosity"
"That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is","admiration"
"Clear disregard for the Turf Protection Act:","neutral"
"Good [NAME] she needs to stop","disapproval"
">[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.","fear"
"Congrats! Wait till you get your first date and you’ll feel even better.","admiration"
"I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me","fear"
"Time is a great equalizer! So is death...but yeah let's not go there. We like things to stay alive!","admiration"
"Because they're forgettable major label garbage that paraded around as punk because they care about more animals than they do people, that's why.","neutral"
"Eso me cae bien. I was just thinking that contending to make the playoffs in a few years was a depressingly low goal.","sadness"
"I think the scene with [NAME] kissing in the bathroom after Midge’s death is really good. Idk, maybe it’s just me. ","neutral"
"ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)","neutral"
"It doesn't really matter because since BF came out on console it's slowly become shit. :)","disappointment"
"Came here to say exactly this. It's almost the same scene, as if he tried to recreate it","annoyance"
"She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.","caring"
"I don't know, not everyone has at least 2 other friends willing to wear these shoes and dress in jet black.","disapproval"
"Wasn’t around during Freelyread’s time, but I’m only hearing good things here. Come home Freelyread. ","disapproval"
"Ok thanks for your help!","gratitude"
"Yikes that's cringe","fear"
"[NAME], the "launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]" one made me lose it.","disappointment"
"I'm guessing that it maybe due to being overwhelmed w/ responses and having a relatively small staff to go through all the forms.","approval"
"shadaha and the faith in your heart is enough to be [NAME]. also dont forget to repent. welcome back!!","realization"
"Consider yourself one of the lucky ones. A. no attorney fees B. safe to say you’re dodging a bullet.","neutral"
"THIS IS SO GOOD. Thank you!!!","admiration"
"Maybe server related? I've got 2 cars in a low pop server and they work just fine...","confusion"
"Maybe it needs to be "Hall of Shame" instead of a museum.","annoyance"
"Which company? Tell us, they can't do shit.","anger"
"Time to fill our roster with Schiano Men!","approval"
"Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping","neutral"
"It's happening on the Villians side, too. Someone joins, sees Dooku is taken, then quits.","neutral"
"Well, my upcoming adverts are going to be interesting!","gratitude"
"Korean is not that hard of a language as far as foreign languages go anyway Hahahahahaha, how long have you been studying for?","amusement"
"Word. I have 0 of these in my life. I miss my INTJ ex brother-in-law haha.","sadness"
"Your desperate attempts to pretend that this is nothing are...really weird, to be totally honest.","embarrassment"
"Good idea, brought to the table by a questionable at best minister, likely for the purpose of shifting focus away from his failures. ","admiration"
"This is I speak it but the screenshot is a challenge.","neutral"
"Damn, you woke homie. Your virtue has been successfully signaled.","admiration"
"what a stupid opinion","annoyance"
"Are the ones playing now ready ? If so they are very terrible. Rather we play the players that are not ready","anger"
"You can, but it won’t do anything for your ugly personality.","neutral"
">Not really a misquote if it’s an exact quote, is it? u did actually leave out the reasoning tbf","neutral"
"And him to then yell back at them.","approval"
"[NAME] is my life!","neutral"
"[NAME] these are hideous","fear"
"She was literally the worst manager I’ve ever worked for","neutral"
"As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D","joy"
"I like this kid","love"
"This made me chuckle. I hope it is raptors v warriors in the finals. That’s gonna be a fun series to watch.","amusement"
"This means bisexual","neutral"
"Thank you for such kind words.","gratitude"
"I got a free Razor for being a student so I'm a net loss on their company :D","approval"
"Wow. You should actually delete your account.","excitement"
"Thanks! I'm so keen :)","gratitude"
"It feels like it plays worse tbh","disappointment"
"Hey it's [NAME]!","excitement"
"> for solo players Play. Mercenary. Playlist. :)","neutral"
"Are we not going to discuss the fact that his head is forming from the top of his ear","surprise"
"If you sprinkle when you tinkle, be a sweetie and wipe the seatie. #peetoo","neutral"
"He did. Dems would have filibustered and you need 60 votes to force one to end.","optimism"
"I’m hoping so. I either make peace with it or I decide to move on","optimism"
"I just watched this video on youtube and thought about sharing it here","optimism"
"Kinda weird after you find out he wrote those songs while thinking about underage girls.","disapproval"
"I miss being little 😭😭😭","sadness"
"Keeps people from talking to me as much, so in fact I DO need them.","neutral"
"this is a truly remarkable and informative documentary, and well worth setting aside an evening to watch. ","admiration"
"Fake Fans in hiding now haha","neutral"
"Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home","sadness"
"Being approached isn't a license to act a racist fool yourself","disapproval"
"can you give us a quick summary (no spoilers)?","curiosity"
"Justice for that horrendous no call","anger"
"[NAME] are the liars, we know.","anger"
"Very irony based.","neutral"
"Take each penny and give it a good look... to sneeze and lost the count. Again.","neutral"
"I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot","admiration"
"Yes, we do. One with very misguided priorities","disapproval"
"😅 sorry. Lol","amusement"
"never worth it.","neutral"
"There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.","approval"
"Oh, did you not know [NAME] is the highest graded overall passrusher in this class? At any position!","confusion"
"Because you aren't serious. You're just mad because you got told to stop using slurs one too many times.","neutral"
"As much as I hate him, I will always give that title to [NAME] to [NAME] to win the Super Bowl in 2008","annoyance"
"I love how nobody posting here to decry the buzzfeed article is using their actual accounts, they’re all throwaways. Cowards. Just like your felonious President.","neutral"
"Welcome to the NFC Payoffs -Life long Vikings Fan-","excitement"
"That poor soul","caring"
"Delightfully devilish, [NAME]. ","disgust"
"Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.","love"
"Because [NAME] was underage at the time of filming. IIRC he rips [NAME] dress in a much more revealing way in the book.","neutral"
"Fuck her... don’t live to make your parents happy","anger"
"The word "YES" has never erupted from my conciousness so fast before. I practically ejaculated it.","approval"
"Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure","love"
"Why it's bad for a union rep to be siding with ownership in the middle of a contract dispute on Twitter of all places?","curiosity"
"Yea, I'm willing to bet the auto makers have known about this technology for quite a while.","optimism"
"Amazing bot, you’re doing great sweetie ","admiration"
"Oh that also would have been good. Plus, breaking pottery is so satisfying","optimism"
"The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.","annoyance"
"Mind if I use your allegory in my classes? It's perfect.","admiration"
"why arent they all laying on the floor???","neutral"
"Too many injuries. I predict he will be off the roster by September.","neutral"
"What you mean you weren’t looking forward to that scene? ;)","confusion"
"He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind","gratitude"
"oh, my bad","disappointment"
"How this post is still up??🤔🤔","neutral"
"Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia","excitement"
"That isn’t the Thai flag? 🇹🇭","curiosity"
"Actually maybe the OP is not an INTP, have you thought about that!!","neutral"
"[NAME] please don’t come to the USA. We’d love to have you...but you don’t need to deal with this.","love"
"I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].","realization"
"For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it. ","fear"
"Not on Steelers forums. On Steelers forums half of all football fans give [NAME] credit for being on Seal Team 6 and taking down [NAME].","neutral"
"I know how it feels being in the hospital alone, I hope you get well soon","caring"
"And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.","disapproval"
"I always keep my purse by my side. She is asking for trouble.","neutral"
"Last update was a bit glitchy.","annoyance"
"Liverpool FC and Jacksonville Jaguars (Sorry, my kids were born here)","neutral"
"my favourite singer ([NAME]) helped write one of the songs so i love it","gratitude"
"I didn't know that having the occupation of a journalist and the method of ones murder being beheading, gives ones death a special status. ","neutral"
"> neoprene kayaking gloves Thanks will check them out!!","gratitude"
"It would actually make me more comfortable if someone did that to me","joy"
"What. The. Fuck.","anger"
"Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection","fear"
"That's crazy, my brother's cat did the same thing with me last year when I got the flu. She's usually pretty distant","neutral"
"Well, no- the person serving you already provided ID to get the job, so they’ve already confirmed their age","neutral"
"*sigh* just take it ⬆️","approval"
"Haha, same bro. I am lvl 21 and still playing at least 4hrs a day. Loving it!","joy"
"Either that, or people overreacted to Mets/cheapness related rumors for the 10907th consecutive time. I'll go with B","disapproval"
"Deadass? Shoook?? Come on [NAME], do you really talk like that? You sound dumb. ","neutral"
"You see benevolent, I see cynical and morally bankrupt.","neutral"
"It’s interesting, especially if you do it every single day, but I’m here for it.","admiration"
"That's just... Wow. I would've called CPS on her.","admiration"
"We want buns","neutral"
"Pick #35 overall at the most. Even a 1st-round swap is too much IMO.","desire"
"Got it!","neutral"
"Is calling bullshit allowed in this sub? Cause theres no way this happened as [NAME] described. People don't speak like that, even crazy ones. ","approval"
"We all were. Because we’re the responsible people watching the show, and not the glorious train wrecks starring in it :)","neutral"
"Omg I can't stop giggling lol!","neutral"
"Thank you for your service o7","gratitude"
"Just be respectful.","neutral"
"R u a dad or did ur dad leave u both have bad jokes","neutral"
"Same.. If I'm particularly stressed out someone just walking down the same road as me feels like they're invading my space.","annoyance"
"Oh that’s right! It was mayonnaise for the lice. I don’t deserve those upvotes!","approval"
"Damn you and your facts.","neutral"
"I bet she smells like a jar of mayo left open for a week in the summer","disgust"
"I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.","disappointment"
"This was the most fun I've had watching a game since [NAME] 35 point game","amusement"
"I was thinking the same thing. It does make me wonder how whomever leaked it, obtained a copy in the first place. ","neutral"
"None, I know nobody or have anyone nearby who can help.","disapproval"
"in your neck?","confusion"
"Parents should at the very least monitor the childrens activity or put an adult block on the websites","neutral"
"Shawty whats wrong with you. I want those people dead","neutral"
"league better do right by us and gift us zion. They did this for Nola and Cleveland too....i need to believe in something....pleasE!","desire"
"Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.","disappointment"
"This should be interesting...","neutral"
"Which was even more possible 2 years ago. It’s tougher now than it was with a larger republican majority.","neutral"
"I don't think you should expect solid logic out of someone who believes [NAME] exists.","disapproval"
"I read that more as "shut up, hypocrite" than "he's not that bad".","realization"
"Is this a mood?","confusion"
"Thanks for sharing this with me btw. I shared the video with [NAME] and it was a hit","gratitude"
"Well he's right. The evil is a choice, it's not inherent.","admiration"
"Yeah maybe shutting down all those barracks near the border wasn't a great idea.","disapproval"
"WOOO!!! You go boy!!! Good job!! That’s a huge milestone checked off and SURVIVED! Yay!!!","admiration"
"Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.","desire"
"Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).","caring"
"Very. As a side note, what, do they not expect heavy traffic on that bridge? One lane only?","neutral"
"You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.","admiration"
"This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.","disappointment"
"People keep giving serious arguments but you keep replying “but mah happiness” Not worth it to lose time arguing with the likes of you","annoyance"
"I used ODesk to pay ppl overseas to do all my college coursework. I coasted!!!","approval"
"Dont forget asshat.","neutral"
"Yeah I love all of my little rejects. They keep my wife warm when I've got a night shift.","caring"
"Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.","annoyance"
"Reddit GM over here. Someone hire this genius.","neutral"
"Try to think a bit harder.","caring"
"Somebody please make sure Catman doesn’t freeze to death? Thanks","neutral"
"I won't ever be having sex with someone at a club. Nothing against one night stands though.","neutral"
"football is my best cope. its like chess to me","love"
"You mean they'd get as pissy as everyone in this thread is?","confusion"
"Really? It was clearly an accident.","neutral"
"My son already had the surgery. He's fine.","approval"
"Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.","fear"
"You can't vote here anyway so it is a moot point.","neutral"
"They were hurt to get that way. Hurt people hurt people","neutral"
"Throwing the book to see what sticks you think?","confusion"
"Why do they always threaten with a block? Like how do they not see that’s not a threat that’s a solution?","fear"
"No worries. I'll look into this for sure.","caring"
"I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.","optimism"
"If that pleases you then great but it means nothing to me. I just use it and ill see it properly in game.","admiration"
"no way I have never heard of that! wow!","surprise"
"I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count. ","sadness"
"Interesting, I know another millionaire who takes to Twitter and rambles in an attempt to distract people from negative news about him... ","admiration"
"Do y’all consider Cadillacs as “luxury” cars similar to Audis, BMW, Lexus ?","curiosity"
"Did you even read the post? Literally the first line says she doesn't do anything remotely house wifey.","confusion"
"Have you actually seen the pictures of her scratches? There’re not on her stomach at all, they’re on her side and back.","neutral"
"I avoid them like the plague and report them","disapproval"
"“stay still” the best and most timely advice you’ll ever get.","disapproval"
"Sorry English is not my native language. I love weed but I worry about my lungs too. What do you mean?","confusion"
"It wasn't an intelligent comment to begin with why would I take it seriously? Though I guess those 28 people did.","confusion"
"> [NAME] doesn't even agree with you. What does she not agree with?","anger"
"I think you can find it in pieces on YouTube. But CW seed should work. It’s odd that it isn’t.","neutral"
"Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.","disapproval"
""stupid millennials ruining ruining our cursive writing industries for us millennials"","neutral"
"I actually really like this, and unironically find it funny. Forgive me.","amusement"
"I put so much thought into things that often I trigger myself unintentionally. I can be hurt before something has a chance to happen.","neutral"
"I like [NAME] :(","love"
"Loooong way to go in the season. A lot could happen. All we need is bottom 3 for a shot","neutral"
"Then I’m sorry but this game really isn’t for you. Progression like that would ruin the base of what this game is.","disapproval"
"yeahhh fellow new shift here too * high five *. Congrats!","admiration"
"If he wants to play more, he should play better. Otherwise, leave. [NAME] has been very bad.","neutral"
"> Mother wasn't amused and I was forced to smile and bare it Wow, I would hate taking nude family portraits","amusement"
"Love and Hope from a dictator [NAME]? [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] would have you think so.","love"
"I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.","approval"
"Man it was that long since the [NAME] days? Damn time flies","neutral"
"shaved definitely makes things more swampy for me. I need the hair to soak up the swamp","desire"
"That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk","joy"
"I miss you big strong daddy","sadness"
"The lines are going to heal straight?","curiosity"
"China shipping is also unreliable and most packages come ruined.","approval"
"You know damn well they'd say "Narudo" and "Assault on Titan 13"","neutral"
"Reminds me of [NAME] saying “Cow House” in Breaking Bad.","neutral"
"I'm curious to see what his answer will be","curiosity"
"...and his last one was in New Orleans. Let’s go Rams!","neutral"
"lool ok I laughed pretty hard at this.","amusement"
"Daddy issues [NAME]","sadness"
"Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..","embarrassment"
"Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks","neutral"
"Elite Disrupter and Elite Stryfe. Also, thanks.","gratitude"
"At least you’ve got a top-notch pooch standing by.","love"
"All news sites have reels ready for high profile people that are older or sick. Still tasteless to see","neutral"
"Wait that... that doesn’t happen","disapproval"
"Thanks","gratitude"
"The refs missed big calls for both teams in that game.","neutral"
"[NAME]!","neutral"
"it’s so weird to wear a blazer and khakis on a visit like that","disapproval"
"Another LA teacher here. They get posted around March. Make sure you start building up your portfolio now. Best of luck!","optimism"
"Through mutual friends, and online forums. I find out most online shooters are more fun when playing in a party and able to chat.","amusement"
"I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]","admiration"
"Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.","disapproval"
"Ugh. I just hate seeing this name :(","annoyance"
"I just had an overabundance of fudge. I took several pounds to my regular dispensary and they were thrilled.","joy"
"Bingo, low tax zones around his mines","excitement"
"I can be hard on KAT at times but boy am I glad he signed here for 5 more years","pride"
"I chuckled, sue me","neutral"
"Belive in yourself","approval"
"It is if you're a loose spool.","neutral"
"I guess his performance at blocker’s kid’s wedding sealed it.......","neutral"
"You know what, I think we're gonna be friends. *Special* friends. ","neutral"
"You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.","annoyance"
"Thanks! I'm now quite excited. Unless of course they all decide to skip straight from Chatswood to Gordon.","excitement"
"I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.","love"
"Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out","gratitude"
"old [?] people love their bags.","joy"
"I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!","gratitude"
"Okie, I did saw the video. To me it is a very bad Impersonification of [NAME]. I type like her?.....mmmmmmm..... okie.... ","disappointment"
"Tickets to a 2008 Preliminary Final, paper print out version too, incredibly random.","neutral"
"You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.","anger"
"It looks cool, but I’m really hoping they open up a non-permadeath server and allow transfers.","neutral"
"Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.","disappointment"
"yah [NAME] is well-known knock out artist. What's your favorite KO/TKO of his in the UFC? Oh wait....","confusion"
"Well, I **NEVER**! "Lady, you really *should*."","anger"
"That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.","sadness"
"Wouldn't that be wonderful. You might be interested in this report on the divergence productivity and worker","neutral"
"hey of course, I’m glad I could shine some light. Stay strong mate ","optimism"
"I have a feeling [NAME] and [NAME] aren't staying with the WWE once their contracts ends this year anyways.","sadness"
"You would know if you weren't such a Filthy Ricefield Peasant.","anger"
"Yeah, that’s what I meant. My bad.","disapproval"
"Wow that's so lit🔥🔥🔥😂😂💦💦💦 im so proud of your autistic son for making it LOL OUT LOUD 👏👏👏💦💦💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏😘😘","admiration"
"yeah [NAME] was reminding [NAME] that he should remain calm and not go crazy on the last 10 seconds of every round","neutral"
"I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.","embarrassment"
"That bit and the "man eating chicken" bit are two of my favourite things in that movie.","neutral"
"Oh god dammit I've been bamboozled, I fell for the b8","annoyance"
"Oh and it would be nice if they didn't have to cover forever, lets get some pass rush in the off-season!!","neutral"
"What a Croc","neutral"
"I know, I know. I tend to have that effect on people ","neutral"
"And why isn’t it ranked average, Bayern are second most average but ranked 4th for most supported, cmon now they just had less games....","disapproval"
"Yeah I know day of the dead is real thing but they way [NAME] portrayed it was so much better than anything I've seen","admiration"
"This happens in America as well. Unfortunately the news cycle isn't interested in reporting such things. Just doom and gloom.","neutral"
"You should braid your pubic hair just to really piss him off","neutral"
"Yeah you are second. Time to move on lol","amusement"
"Black Twitter has a higher IQ.","neutral"
"Oh hi [NAME]","excitement"
"So... she just won the lottery!!","excitement"
"Thank you. Its only applicable if its not in the customer's favor and if they follow other stipulations.","gratitude"
"Thanks man I will check into it.","gratitude"
"So when a 22 week old infant is born premature, does that thing near worthless morally?","curiosity"
"I cringe when I see [NAME] playing while we’re stuck with sensitive old [NAME].","fear"
"Your dog is soooo cute","excitement"
"Same. I can’t even imagine it","approval"
"Chiclets bump!","neutral"
"My biggest problem with Yuri on Ice is that it didn't have enough episodes to show the payoff of their relationship in my opinion.","disappointment"
"What about Dallas and Austin?","neutral"
"Yeah it's only been posted 30 times already","annoyance"
"That fascist bigot!","sadness"
"Could Unity not sue the author for giving instructions on how to illegally obtain their product?","confusion"
"Disgusting, but fascinating.","admiration"
"Let's go Faze. They need this here","approval"
"i cant believe they went after lady [NAME] who has been compared to [NAME]","neutral"
"Oh no, learning a while move set is so much work! But thanks, that's helpful. ","gratitude"
"my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.","neutral"
"What changed that you think it's not as bad? They didn't do anything to the map unless I'm forgetting something.","neutral"
"That ending made me so fucking happy. Fuck that guy. Congrats to you.","admiration"
"Maybe the Lightning are willing to make a move for him to secure some playoff depth.","neutral"
"No, because it lets you search multiple modes at once.","disapproval"
"LIVE LAUGH TATTOO","neutral"
"I cant even deal with this you are fighting with someone over your inability to understand a sooooooooooooooooo is sarcasm. Get some help","annoyance"
"Thank you for doing these, i wanna learn our prospects more and this helps","gratitude"
"This would just be to make it on/off, [why make it look even more amazing.","confusion"
"At least this person sounds like they don't want to be fat. They just need guidance m","neutral"
"That's pretty bad though would certainly explain things.","embarrassment"
"At the very least, I’m glad he tried something other than the standard blue. And yeah, I think the title is above-average as well. ","joy"
"Damn, you could make money out of this. Come people I'm Intj, i'll tell you if your ex still loves you. ","caring"
"You know what they say, when everyone around you is and asshole, maybe it's you who is the asshole.","neutral"
"[NAME] was actually cool this episode though.","admiration"
"Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say "respect me" in any way.","excitement"
"I had my skin half ripped off thanks to a belt machine. Never got my arm close to the belts","gratitude"
"Thank you. Message me.","gratitude"
"That was indeed a good joke. My penis is happy","joy"
"Thank you! Sorry if this is a silly question, but what is considered low for kms on a used car?","gratitude"
"Bingo - using market cap as your yardstick is as stupid as using GDP as a yardstick. One metric is never enough to capture a picture.","neutral"
"Honestly, this is hilarious. Did he reply?","joy"
"And their cats. IT loves kittens.","love"
"Sorry, I meant C","remorse"
"He looked so shlubby on that show, it was like he was the [NAME] version of [NAME].","disappointment"
"She refuses to go to therapy.","neutral"
"Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!","joy"
"Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)","annoyance"
"everyone else managed to stop, he was just careless and too fast on the approach","annoyance"
"Rebalancing all heroes for this purpose seems like a disaster. Would have been good to think about pre-development.","disappointment"
"Wow! I feel like a grade A moron","disgust"
"Meh, it just keeps players from diving in taking stupid damage. (At least it should.)","approval"
"It’s always nice to say something [nice]!","gratitude"
"Or it could have just never happened because nobody ever wanted to see it.","curiosity"
"I mean...I'm not saying they did, I'm just saying I would have...","approval"
"Hasn’t hurt me none","disapproval"
"Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.","neutral"
"I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!","optimism"
"You’re so young! I hope things improve for you. Stick to you plan.","optimism"
"Did your finger go completely sloppy? Thats grossly awesome.","admiration"
"I get scared just reading your flair","fear"
"WELL IF YOU KNOW THE SOLUTION TO THE PROBLEM WHY ARE YOU POSTING THE PROBLEM ON THE INTERNET","confusion"
"Ah cool, i heard more or less the same story but in Newcastle. ","approval"
"It boggles my mind every day how easily conspiracy theorist stuck their flag in Trumpland.","surprise"
"Needs a real big bag of rice!","neutral"
"Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.","realization"
"Not worth it. My family is the same way. I am scapegoat. I cut them all off and I have never been happier or more at peace","disapproval"
"Lol, pinches narizones.. Their physical game is on another level. Would rather play with a guy like that instead of against him though that's for sure.","neutral"
"Dude I was done with my last comment how didn’t you get that","neutral"
"That was the last straw! So no~","neutral"
"I have that problem myself sometimes.","neutral"
"Its been a long time since they were teenagers. My oldest granddaughter is a teenager.","neutral"
"I'd say its higher tier stupidity because this belief actually harms people","annoyance"
"She’s beautiful! 💙","admiration"
"The wage, you Fucking troll. But you don't care do you? See your post history.","anger"
"So like, just today then?","neutral"
"Well thanks for sharing. I loved it. Do you know of any others from them that aren't well known?","gratitude"
"Oh I didn't see that.","surprise"
"I almost thought this was gonna turn into a story of your tissue you'd been reusing for months. I'm glad it was not lol","admiration"
"OMG you guys rock lol","admiration"
"As my grandma used to say, "When she dies, they'll say there lies the truth, 'cause it never left her."","neutral"
"Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though","disapproval"
"You’re a nut if you don’t think the pubs are far more corrupt than the dems.","neutral"
"It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.","sadness"
"Anyone remember Space Dandy? It was short and stupid, but the animation was great. Very tounge in cheek.","admiration"
"For real. I get tired of all the griping. Deal with it or get out.. or start a freaking riot and make changes.","neutral"
""This droid has a bad motivator."","disappointment"
"Sorry, that was a camel (unless you're talking about the remake).","neutral"
"That’s a pretty cool TIL","approval"
"Because he's a couple years older and not as good. If the trade is [NAME] for [NAME], then sure...","disapproval"
"🎶Living in America🎶","neutral"
"are they worried their dog will get autism or something?","nervousness"
"The level of protectionism is insane. This just allows Baidu to expand its monopoly.","surprise"
"Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time","neutral"
"I really like your writing!","love"
"Except it seems like the constant jerking off about DMC was one of the several things that could have led to them drifting apart.","disappointment"
"Not worth it. My family is the same way. I am scapegoat. I cut them all off and I have never been happier or more at peace","sadness"
"lol out loud","amusement"
"Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins ","fear"
"To me it’s sounds like he is trying to find fault in her to make himself feel better about leaving her.","confusion"
"Even for an infidelity sub this is heavy. I hope you find peace somehow.","desire"
"Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.","joy"
"It wouldn't surprise me if they were paid crisis actors","neutral"
"People are idiots! No one should shame [NAME] for doing her job as a mom! Shame [NAME] instead for putting her kids' life in danger!","annoyance"
"Messages like this will always get replies from me, even if it had been about erm punching me?!","approval"
"Right? Doesn't even stand a chance against my milk 80% of the time","confusion"
"Here in the UK I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen a taco","approval"
"I think he's in it. I know [NAME] is killing me on my fantasy team right now","disappointment"
"It's a genious strategy, isn't it?","admiration"
">ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!","approval"
"Nope, in reality this does never happen indeed. Cant we see what the problem is here?","neutral"
"I sure do.","approval"
"Man. I can't wait until my life is so devoid of meaning I feel compelled to complain in a silly joke subreddit.","disapproval"
"But in the end, it doesn’t even matter","annoyance"
"I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.","disapproval"
"Lmao I remember watching that game😭","neutral"
"Thanks [NAME]. wait a minute...","gratitude"
"Never had a cracked windshield but I also take it into the shop as soon as I see a chip.","neutral"
"Revolver is pretty beast tho, 2 shot close range","admiration"
"The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.","disgust"
"Thought you were gonna go steak with ketchup in that last bit, ya pulled a sneaky","neutral"
"Well that's hardly this other woman's problem. You come across as a bitter, immature incel, so maybe sort your attitude out before trying to attract anyone.","neutral"
"Took me way too long.","realization"
"Your response is truly one of the most amazing ones I’ve seen.","admiration"
"They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.","curiosity"
"This too shall pass In 10 years this could turn out to be the best thing that has ever happened to you.","caring"
"Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.","sadness"
"Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source. ","disapproval"
"It’s actually a doll for comparison, not her face","disapproval"
""and [NAME], this is [NAME]" "Oh hi, nice to meet you, what do you do?"","neutral"
"Stop master debating, you are making a fool out of yourself. It's concerning.","annoyance"
"Dang if that was actually what happened that does kind of suck. Thanks op!","gratitude"
"I wish I could :( tried","desire"
"I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.","disapproval"
"Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours","desire"
"Ugh. [NAME] [NAME] (another British celeb)","neutral"
"The missing salsa is driving me nuts!","anger"
"Another church stolen from us. That’s okay, we will get it back in the great Deus Vulting. ","approval"
"This is a guide to all major religions and their stance on vaccines.","approval"
"I got grounded from reading once and it was the worst punishment I ever had 🙂","disgust"
"watch us play better without him","optimism"
"Woman here - $50 per orgasm please! I could easily make $300 in a half hour wankfest...","optimism"
"But they're here to ~~buy properties for their family!!!~~ I mean study, they're here to study!","neutral"
"Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.","optimism"
"Of all the stupid terms for people out there “womxn” is by far the stupidest","neutral"
"I got the unblinking eye, the one with the ribs in the dead eye slot, and the one with the hat takes a headshot","neutral"
"The sad part is, they would do something like this. Totally obsessed with Green Bay instead of improving draft stock or the team.","neutral"
"That and i realized that i have many lucid dreams where i know that i am dreaming. I never had lucid dreams before nofap","realization"
"Love takes work and commitment. If it's not worth the work it isn't love. Learned that one from my blood family.","love"
"Putting them away feels so good it’s worth the frustration. Snipers dropped my career KD by like .15 >__<","anger"
"[NAME] took the head of the russian mafia off the most wanted list this sub needs to stop worshiping him","neutral"
"Horrible day for the show. Everyone is dying, someone put [NAME] in a bubble!","excitement"
"You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*","anger"
"I hope you both enjoy it!","optimism"
"believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol","neutral"
"The monster!","neutral"
"Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!","anger"
"I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)","sadness"
"Before he was riding a Bronco he was riding your mom.","realization"
"I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(","optimism"
"After hearing weights drop - I can't imagine they're that good for the floor....","excitement"
"That guy was beyond cringe, it was creepy","neutral"
"Mexico didn't start the war. Thats probably where you are confused. The US invaded Mexico in both occasions, Mexico only defended itself in both occasions.","neutral"
"Will provably be downvoted into oblivion but you could have used *people* instead of *monsters* and have the point remain intact. Edit: Probably*","optimism"
"BAT OLA?","neutral"
"That was fun","joy"
"I am asking for a reason not saying they are underused","neutral"
"ya - but I think the question is about using infusions to treat acute pain; not about giving dissociative doses for procedures.","neutral"
""...And what do I find out?! There is no [NAME]. This whole team is a god damn ghost town!"","fear"
"YOU TOO FRIEND","neutral"
"In the first page, the author refers to the abuse of [NAME].","admiration"
"If I was to get a period, I'd be very relieved indeed. (14 months and counting...)","neutral"
"Are you afraid of [NAME]?","confusion"
"Bro, this is not what this sub is for.","neutral"
"My favourite moment of the game by my favourite player.","joy"
"I killed you in VR once. I loved it.","love"
"If there’s a pattern, yes.","curiosity"
"Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct. ","neutral"
"Wait, they banned his mother from travelling too? ","neutral"
"I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!","excitement"
"Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.","neutral"
"Unfortunately they do at times, but it's not the case in this video.","disappointment"
"HAHA so sorry. I've had a very slow day at work. Been hitting F5 repeatedly. Was surprised it wasn't already posted.","remorse"
"Probably. Sorry, OP. But don't worry. A lot of us are in the same boat.","caring"
"Thank you for turning me vegan, good person!","admiration"
"Stay strong dude","caring"
"You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...","love"
"That's what I tell myself, too.","approval"
">putz Is he [NAME]? I would've not voted for him if I knew that.","disappointment"
"Hardcore Henry.","admiration"
"Palms had a rough game against PHL. Seems a bit off lately.","disappointment"
"There is irony in what you guys are saying.","surprise"
"Rattles off potential free agent edge defenders, neglects to include [NAME].","neutral"
"[NAME] was pulling a knife on [NAME].","neutral"
"At this point one can only hope.","optimism"
"Also the infection that almost killed her because they tried to save the leg, leading her to get the prosthesis. ","grief"
"I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!","approval"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Worst advice ever. This would piss me off.","annoyance"
"Wanna know how hard I hit it? I hit it into next week.","excitement"
"I got mine on the exact same mission!","neutral"
"but she has the riders of [NAME]","curiosity"
"Yeah that’s what confuses me, like most people (men) who are here are just incels in denial","confusion"
"Free fish...nice","joy"
"Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.","joy"
"Looks good!","admiration"
"Reminds me of the old lady in Police Academy 4 shooting the .44 magnum. Damn that was fun!","joy"
"It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.","annoyance"
"Literally everything. What has happened, what is happening, and what will happen, all at once somehow. ","neutral"
"I really hope we see another fighter like him he was so fun to watch, a fighting machine with that killer instinct","admiration"
"[NAME] bless u","neutral"
"To say the "New Jersey area" lost 5700 millionaires and then explain that that includes New York City is silly.","amusement"
"Me too :(","neutral"
"Im done talking to you because i can expect better response from a wall. Feel bad for you. I hope it isnt too cold in your moms basement","disappointment"
"Someone with erectile dysfunction already can't (conventionally) orgasm. What the fuck are you talking about?","embarrassment"
"Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.","disapproval"
"The shitty taste is what keeps you awake.","neutral"
"Ayyy you're welcome! x)","joy"
"I mean you're calling [NAME] a face... So...","neutral"
"They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith","disapproval"
"No. Making [NAME] a legend would be the nail in the arrowverse coffin","neutral"
"If it’s like my store it might change. I have to check my schedule every other day because of changes","approval"
"I thought he was #25?","neutral"
"Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.","admiration"
"I might have accidentally brought some back when I went to Peru. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Ah man I loved pisco.","confusion"
". . .k but it's unlikely since unless you're a liberal and a woman thinking emotionally often shouldn't be a thing.","caring"
"Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.","admiration"
"He’s only caught herpes twice.","neutral"
"It took me a moment but it was unexpected and got a laugh","amusement"
"If this happens in my dream then I will get up and do this.","desire"
"I hope we trade [NAME] for something so I can go cheer for [NAME] on a better team.","optimism"
"They blew him? That's a hell of a deleted scene....","confusion"
"Is there a customer service number? If so, what is it?","neutral"
"Not gonna lie, kinda looks like a unicorn sneezed on waffles","neutral"
"Oi he got stabbed in the eye","sadness"
"[NAME] was a [NAME]. He's on your people.","neutral"
"I might be a prude. "Suck him off in the bathroom of your friend's home!" Those don't equate","neutral"
"As much as I like [NAME] and want him to score so many (hes a speedy mofo) I think that this would be a good trade for sure","love"
"Awesome! I look forward to updating.","admiration"
"Thanks for your insight random person on the internet. Did it make you feel better typing that out lol?","amusement"
"We also turned the ball over about a million and 3 times. I'm over it honestly","approval"
"I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].","surprise"
"That's what I would recommend too. Go for righteous deflection and second wind as your t2 and t3 for additional anti-gank potential","neutral"
"I beat my dad","anger"
"Thanks. I'm in the same boat about being against therapy. Good luck to you too.","approval"
"Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.","optimism"
"Flirting isn't attractive per se, but (if done right) it shows social acuity and comfort with one's own sexuality, which are 2 attractive traits","admiration"
"I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening","gratitude"
"Finding a Poliwag is not hard you can usually find them in Pallet Town.","neutral"
"“My- my god I- it is time for me to bear children.”","realization"
"Wow, who can afford this one? ","admiration"
"[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.","anger"
"Ah well, that'll do it. Thanks for the clarification. Should have been obvious really...","gratitude"
"I'm not even a funny one tho","confusion"
"This shit ain't rocket science GateKeeper","disappointment"
"I have pledged myself to truth, I don't remember signing a pledge.","realization"
"If hes married and a decade down the road and tells her im sure itll be nothing more than a great laugh lol","amusement"
"I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭","sadness"
"And the secret weapon, in case of emergencies: TRIPPLE THE OFFENSE!","neutral"
"but then what will the vegans eat?","neutral"
"That's when they brew their second cuppa before work haha","amusement"
"I would love both of them","love"
"Nah. Mine was wrapped around my neck and I am a gun loving medical student.","disapproval"
"An MRI would be infinitely more entertaining.","neutral"
"I'd say we are a role sub at best, sorry guys just telling the truth","neutral"
"Shocked we didn't take him back and plunk him in the minors.","surprise"
"Wow. Forget the separation, lawyer up and go straight to divorce. ","surprise"
"uh oh is it yiff","annoyance"
"Tell me more...🙃☺️","excitement"
"Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!","gratitude"
"I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.","annoyance"
"Gets kinda itchy.","neutral"
"I hope ish isn’t like [NAME] and is forever affected by this injury","neutral"
"It was in your op.","neutral"
"Thanks. Timeless and eternal right?","gratitude"
"Yet we keep supporting this race to the bottom to the worst tolerable option...","approval"
"Glad it finally made it.. I was beginning to think "[NAME], I hope this guy doesnt think I welched on the bet". LOL","disappointment"
"Do you dislike the concept or the way they use prepositions? Does your first language lack the concept as well? :)","curiosity"
"I agree with this","approval"
"Thanks for the explanation. This letter sounds kind of cool.","admiration"
"Well thats survival sweety. Run away live to fight another day. You on the other hand are the one that learns the hard way and ends up dying first!","caring"
"If someone calls I will text them and say I can't talk right now. No matter what I'm doing.","optimism"
"omg this is a bit too relatable","neutral"
"I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.","amusement"
"And feminism, the movement that started with fighting for the right for women to vote hates elections. ","realization"
"I thought that was more for women? I used to be on r/antinatalism but there were too many eugenics advocates.","surprise"
"Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.","neutral"
"Yep, hell of a listener","neutral"
"Nice story. Which I guess is why it's #3 in the sub right now :)","approval"
"Oh [NAME] imagining this tween screaming yaaass queen at a poor drag queen made me cringe into a ball","surprise"
"i like how he just bursts in like DID SOMONE WANA SEE ME ROL OVR !?!","anger"
"I wonder if truly might be work stress. He works long hours at a prestigious law firm. I need to five him more credit.","surprise"
"Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read","gratitude"
"Rose coloured glasses get rosier as time goes by :) You'll move on eventually. Treasure the memory but be present in your current and future relationships.","approval"
"Oh dear, I'm so sorry you are going through this. I don't have any sage advice but I hope things get better for you.","optimism"
"Your link won't load and are you seriously citing fucking Syria as a successful example of anything? [NAME] holy motherfucking pecker.","disgust"
"It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.","neutral"
"What is scary?","confusion"
"Shut up nerd","anger"
"Wow! Look at that spine shine! You handled her perfectly!","admiration"
"Same here, after she initiated the divorce and acussed me of not doing anything to stop it. ","disappointment"
"Am i missing something or is this an antijoke that doesn't belong here?","curiosity"
"That would be cool","optimism"
"I love this. Hopefully it is more successful than [NAME] (RIP).","admiration"
"I’m just waiting for love","desire"
"All good 👍","approval"
"Crickets 🦗...","neutral"
"He also had a huge game. He was taking advantage of [NAME]. So without him this game isn’t even that close.","neutral"
"Third date info, I reckon. Needs to be mentioned early on, but not everyone needs to know","confusion"
"Something something broken arms","disappointment"
"That was a beautiful shirt","admiration"
"This is so, so great.","excitement"
"you go, girl","neutral"
"You have to drink 25 beers in a row to unlock them though, so they're pretty hard to get without cheating.","disappointment"
"fat people want to be oppressed so badly. I guess it's because they need an excuse to emotionally eat.","admiration"
"Love that he obviously went out there to do weird sweeping strokes in the snow. Those look super effective","admiration"
"Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.","annoyance"
"Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?","gratitude"
"#RejectingIslam because it is the *ideas* [RELIGION] promotes that turned me away from it.","anger"
"Nobody's mad at incels for being in pain. We're mad at them for letting that pain calcify into hate.","neutral"
"You're the whale and I'll be your tail","amusement"
"23 minutes! Omg that's too long","surprise"
"Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals","anger"
"Motherfucker!!","anger"
"What exactly do you personally think that meme is saying, please point back to the meme for each argument you make. ","curiosity"
"There was no Israel then dumbass!","disapproval"
"It’s definitely around in Eastern Nebraska. You can even get it at Runza.","neutral"
"Thank you.. Yeah if she just want to talk she is definitely wasting my time.","disappointment"
"Seriously? If he spent the same amount of time doing anything else would everyone be bitching that he’s addicted to that? Doubtful.","confusion"
"I am just a regular guy. Maybe you guys should talk to a specialist....especially if you are trying to conceive. Good luck!","caring"
"He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind","approval"
"Good to hear - I am glad you at least have that choice.","excitement"
"Funny how some people criticize people for not following those laws, when they don't either.","neutral"
"Oh, you're completely right. I'm an idiot. I'll be here eating my words.","approval"
"Ahhh more and more selfish","embarrassment"
"Surprised to not see Three Arrows on the list when he went from no videos at all to over 100,000 subscribers just in the course of 2018.","surprise"
"WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.","surprise"
"[NAME] Housekeeper is really funny lol","amusement"
"15 is too old to play playing fortnite smh","disapproval"
"Living up to his last name.","neutral"
"no, you always upvote what fits the sub","realization"
"I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(","desire"
"I'll need a weeaboo-English dictionary to understand what was said.","realization"
"No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).","disapproval"
"I skimmed poorly and thought it said 4 people (independently) discovered their data was accessed","surprise"
"Was hilarious. RIP Roman","amusement"
"Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.","sadness"
"I would like to say that I see plenty of people in their young adult life that are still incapable of living on their own.. lol","amusement"
"Ah the infamous [NAME]. How I've suppressed that name from my memory.... Until now","confusion"
"Sadly, it was not","sadness"
"I used to have a pet rat. She was the best pet I ever had.","optimism"
"I know plenty of old people who did just this","approval"
"Damn we needed that layup","desire"
"Good night, sweet prince. I hope it was a quick one.","neutral"
"For art? I think it's kind of silly, but it's also fun. Let people live :P","embarrassment"
"So ungrateful. I wouldn’t have even offered that bc ppl who try to argue with closing times are not people who settle.","disappointment"
"On the contrary, he gets off on his own ego and the delusion shattering reality of intimacy with another person makes him limp as a wet noodle.","neutral"
"So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.","grief"
"[NAME] fan here, He did trade [NAME], it was for a 2018 4th and 2019 7th.","neutral"
"i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine","amusement"
"Are you joking??????","confusion"
"How do we know you're not a Mossad agent? I mean, not right now but, what if you joined in the future? /s","curiosity"
"Better than any HBr, anyway","neutral"
"It’s not as self serving maybe. But Democracy is definitely still self serving","annoyance"
"Yikes, what a loony bird.","annoyance"
"Do you fucken mind","anger"
"So we can forgive her a little for burdening Dunder Mifflin 😂","approval"
"Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably","fear"
"Turn in them. Who cares if they’re your cousins. They’re not three years old. They should know better.","neutral"
"Tan woman here. I can see my boob veins too. Kinda cool to trace the lightening strike","excitement"
"It is incredibly dangerous which is why there are professionals for this, also these professionals use a saber and not a kitchen knife","disapproval"
"Glad someone appreciates it! This was a lot of work.","gratitude"
"They lived a good life! I honor them by using all their parts","admiration"
"I thought it was like a fake url sorry","anger"
"25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!","love"
"Well with the inclusion of run counters shit seems pretty pretty brain dead to me.","admiration"
"Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.","sadness"
"They’re also communist, so that puts them above their reproach","neutral"
"The biggest Nightmare","neutral"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Agreed, probs an older brother. Source: am an older brother","approval"
"at first I thought this was a JWong diss thread lol","amusement"
"Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.","approval"
"This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.","approval"
"Thank you, I know you’re right, I’m just overthinking for sure ","gratitude"
"There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.","amusement"
"No, it makes it better.","disapproval"
"What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s","surprise"
"Introversion is an actual personality trait though.","neutral"
"The huge attention paid by powerful male republicans takes makes a lot more sense when you consider this might be what they thought it was about.","approval"
"How do I get one","neutral"
"Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.","sadness"
"Ok this makes more sense now.","neutral"
"That whole episode has some heartbreaking moments. It is probably my top Parks And Rec episode.","neutral"
"Do you have any recommended places? A lot of the sites I’ve looked at want you to pay, kinda hard when your broke lol. ","annoyance"
"PIN IS TOO SMALL TO FIT 20 PEOPLE! #NEXT!","neutral"
"I feel so guilty that this picture exists. I feel like I need to donate to charity after this.","desire"
"Agreed - from a team who made bowls at 6-6 twice in the past 5 years. We didn't deserve either of those.","approval"
"I mean.. there's only like a million...","neutral"
"Good luck my G","optimism"
"Crowder is terrible... How do you lose that gunfight or not have the common sense to just run away","anger"
"Considering I’m majoring in politics, that’s the plan!!! Thank you! ","gratitude"
"I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became","surprise"
"He thought that was a good idea...","neutral"
"That.. would be glorious. A large one of these would be the NZ equivalent of Giga Pudding.","admiration"
"Thank you! :)","gratitude"
"Please make a separate post that includes these territorial changes and not one for each village. Thank you for your efforts.","gratitude"
"No bots in online multiplayer.","neutral"
"Happy cake day :)","joy"
"I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.","annoyance"
"I don't do the things you mentioned above, I just draw shit ^all ^^sfw ^^^ofc But hey, thanks for that ;-)","disapproval"
"Ahh. I forgot that was a thing with large breeds.","realization"
"We did it chief","pride"
"High IQ post. I imagine this is exactly what’s going to happen.","curiosity"
"Seems more first thought is to stop and make sure to call 911.","neutral"
"I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared","approval"
"The username makes it even better, sucking a dudes toes, who is [NAME]. Man I'm jealous ","anger"
"I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.","embarrassment"
"It's okay. One day you won't be so sad and angry, and people will still accept you.","caring"
"Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.","optimism"
"35-55 a week. no health restrictions, just eat what I feel like","neutral"
"Small penis and resulting anger issues.","anger"
"I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.","disapproval"
"The greater good","neutral"
"Its deathprofessor lol. That's her Twitter account.","amusement"
"Women don't have penises so cannot rape by the legal definition of the word. They can sexually assault however.","neutral"
"That's why imo [NAME] death is better.","grief"
"I couldn't be a god, I hate harp music.","realization"
"Good thing I don't watch porn lol","admiration"
"Nooooooo they're so delicious!","optimism"
"You didn't come here to debate. You came here to excuse abhorrent behavior.","annoyance"
"Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.","disapproval"
"It looks kind of like pen to me... Which would also make her skin so red.","neutral"
"But another way.","neutral"
"There is a startling lack of empathy in this thread.","neutral"
"I vape myself today to see if I still feel","curiosity"
"You’re better off going to University","caring"
"What do you mean “call you out on things?” Are you being disrespectful? Disruptive? Unsafe?","anger"
"xD Add it to the meme list guys","neutral"
"Should this be tagged nsfw for the knot?","neutral"
"No, but it diverts resources from the art team, and prevents them from making content which would have been better recieved by the already low playerbase!","disapproval"
"Haha! I love it. That’s exactly how it would go.","amusement"
"Oh I don’t think so","neutral"
"I think you'll find that dating is really difficult for poly men. It's the biggest reason why I'm monogamous.","annoyance"
"Rapists can have parental rights in some states, assuming they find him.","disgust"
"Going through this, tonight, right now, and it SUCKS","disgust"
"So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.","joy"
"Aaaaand already at -1.5 @ BOL. I'm going to wait to see if it comes back down, or imma buy the hook.","neutral"
"Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever","admiration"
"Same. After that it’s unbearable. Plus, [NAME] appears. So. ","disgust"
"The bot did its job. It’s me the awful one","approval"
"You seem real salty, lol. Enjoy having a 4th grade reading level bruh ","amusement"
"Wow interesting to hear how the cops responded. Glad they actually tracked the car down!","surprise"
"daaaaaamn girl!","anger"
"Any time [NAME] is brought up is a good time for this:","excitement"
"Ive gone through very similar things...i completely understand. Praying wont do much, seek a therapist to talk about things","caring"
"I won't even reply anymore. That radio silence mid convo really gets on my nerves.","annoyance"
"Ah man, so many memories of those skits","joy"
"To be fair the lore is so nonexistent other than on Ubi’s site you could probably just pretend that’s the case anyways.","annoyance"
"Company car? Oh boy he’s in trouble now.","surprise"
"OP, don’t keep us in suspense. Which city were you referring to? :)","curiosity"
"Appreciate the help!","gratitude"
"And this is a big part of why no chain supermarkets will open in 'underprivileged' neighborhoods.","confusion"
"I’ll keep that in mind lol thanks a lot!","amusement"
"You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.","approval"
"I DO NOT NEGOTIATE WITH TERRORISTS this is what I tell my 3.5 year old on the daily","neutral"
"I am not a competent till member, I am an ignorant member of the public. ","neutral"
"Ya uh that's gen Z sorry","gratitude"
"I thought it was funny lol. The whole situation was dumb and both sides were in the wrong.","amusement"
"Great snap. Try again in a week when the lights are on at the aus open.","admiration"
"Even assuming that it's possible to take nothing, god DAMN I feel bad for anyone that has to look at the second dude's head during sex","embarrassment"
"I'm just glad we'll be getting either [NAME] or [NAME]. They both seem like they'll be beasts and it'll fill our greatest position of need","relief"
"Like I said, his route running is as good as it's ever been, but he isn't as explosive after the catch anymore","neutral"
"Or getting lucky. Most [NAME] have jobs so their must be a way.","gratitude"
"yes, please do I'm worried about her D:","nervousness"
"This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for bringing back some good memories!","gratitude"
"Have some cold thoughts rather then having hot thots.","caring"
"Parents should at the very least monitor the childrens activity or put an adult block on the websites","caring"
"Did you have to make this picture yourself because it’s just wonderful","admiration"
" I didn't see any thinning spot. Again, it could very well just be the way his hair is cut this season. ","confusion"
"This is me all the time, a mixture of anxiety and dread.","sadness"
"That’s because this is clearly an advertisement and not something that would actually be served to someone","neutral"
"Is he really your buddy if you have to ask us how to talk to him?","confusion"
"Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.","admiration"
"[NAME] have a solid minute lol. [NAME] can’t sit at all tonight","neutral"
"I just got got and I like it","admiration"
"If too many medical professionals die then life will be worse as we cannot get medical treatment","disapproval"
"It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.","annoyance"
"Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.","sadness"
"They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.","disapproval"
"Yeah I should have said ‘wouldn’t it be ironic’","disappointment"
"I mean... once you know about the "trick" it takes about 30 seconds to master.","neutral"
"It doesn’t look cool","disapproval"
"It's all out of love... We promise.","love"
"I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )","love"
"I. Love. This. Team.","love"
"Wise choice. You had kebab.","approval"
"Nkd is a very good brand they have amazing flavors","admiration"
"Fuck I needed this. I found out that after next Friday I'm going to be jobless...","neutral"
"It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music","joy"
"Big big hold from the [NAME]","neutral"
"As of right now, [NAME] is the better overall player.","admiration"
"you are a good man","admiration"
"Thank you mate.","gratitude"
"I'd watch it without a doubt. I'm especially interested in the different Tracer playstyles, because the only one I know is dive.","excitement"
"I wish I didn’t fall for my ex. He is not a beautiful person. He is a monster.","annoyance"
"Don’t make fun of the cancer kid","anger"
"I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.","optimism"
"How did Detroit quality for these trade exemptions? By sending 4 guys and acquiring only two in the [NAME] trade?","curiosity"
"Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!","disappointment"
"I watched that one, her butt is real lol","amusement"
"Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]","joy"
"hey at least you've got a friend group chat","approval"
"Poor cat.","neutral"
"I'm so glad my dog hasn't figured out how to jump the 6' fence.","annoyance"
"This video is what gets me saving into my future fund bruh. Edit: r/personalfinance","approval"
"Really? I love that show","love"
"if they just let girls enter like these cats :)","joy"
"i dont think theyre planning beyond "screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit" themed rants","annoyance"
"*The Panic Virus* by [NAME] is a really interesting, well-researched book about the rise of the anti-vax movement.","excitement"
"> What are your thoughts on public breastfeeding? What a strange question to ask 😂😂😂. ","curiosity"
"You're saying it's depressing to see someone eating whilst other people are starving.","neutral"
"That actually doesn't make any sense considering many college students work outside of school.","approval"
"So every interaction with a dumb or crazy person is news?","anger"
"I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now","joy"
"So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world. ","annoyance"
"FUCKING RIGHT COLIN WHITE AND OF COURSE MARK STONE","joy"
"When people bring up rape culture they mean stuff like this. Because yeah it’s been out and swept away and not raged over","neutral"
"Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match","anger"
"Looks like my greyhounds feet","neutral"
"This is a long shot here, but do you think we could eventually edit genes to produce longer life spans? Or maybe to stay younger for awhile?","curiosity"
"Good old belly penis","admiration"
"He's not sure it's still relevant.","confusion"
"> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.","sadness"
""Do we need a GoFundMe for automated doors" hahahah!","amusement"
"You are alone and touching her...that is a glaring sign!","neutral"
"You Libs. alhave you heads so far up you arses it isn't even funny.","neutral"
"How do people make this up and expect their story to hold up","neutral"
"I love democracy","love"
"I second that","neutral"
"Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.","optimism"
"Woah woah woah... people have different taste? Stop trying to give me some perspective!","annoyance"
"You know nothing about the country if America.","neutral"
"gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎","love"
"I didn't see it the first time and appreciate the repost.","gratitude"
"I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker","admiration"
""I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!" ","approval"
"Before.revolution can happen in the streets it first has to happen in their minds - Stuck Mojo","neutral"
"I actually found the whole screenshot – without cropping – on r/funny so I mean","amusement"
"as is tradition, guy who played for us scores against us to make us lose, third time in three months","neutral"
"wow...u wanna say u were never toxic and u never rage okay if u can t do what I asked just go away ok???","neutral"
"What's with the buying porn thing? I missed out on it","disappointment"
"Cuz [NAME] sat out lol","amusement"
"Thank you for this. It sums up exactly what I wish I could send to all my TBM family","approval"
"They use pencils in college now?","surprise"
"The Supreme Court has already ruled the police have no obligation to protect you. They are there to enforce laws.","neutral"
"What the hell are you on about now? Those are some weird examples to go with your clarified opinion.","anger"
"Just curious, why would that matter? Acting is playing a role, so how is it important that the character and the actor match orientations? ","curiosity"
"Stop with this revisionist history we literally just let him go because HE SUCKED","annoyance"
">Oldest stepchild’s dad is a POS and has never seen him. She can file for support at any time.","neutral"
"This isn’t 30 years ago.","neutral"
"He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.","amusement"
"Please show me where you provided any evidence to back up your claim?","curiosity"
"This can be taken horribly out of context","disapproval"
""I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."","joy"
"It's still usually allowed if the first thing touched is ball","neutral"
"Ending a relationship with a toxic person is so freeing. Congratulations!","relief"
"Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck","annoyance"
"How about French speaking parts of Africa? Legit question, have never been to Africa. Every airport I've ever been in has signs in English.","confusion"
"Thanks for sharing. I'm afraid I will start to squint, this way. Not sure if it's the case. ","fear"
"-_- GOOD FOR YOU.","neutral"
"She didn't say anything on twitter or anything im not sure how u know, but it's whatever she seems fine and it's her privacy","neutral"
"Thats beyond shockingly bad. A new level of terrible. Wow...","disgust"
"Right. Because our modern society is NOT eye for an eye. If it *was* eye for an eye, the cycle would be endless. Thus the saying.","disapproval"
"You can't talk morality to psychopaths.","disapproval"
"I cant wait. I'm curious if it will give us any more insight into the incident other than what we already know.","curiosity"
"Not too picky? Aha, I tried that a few weeks back. Boom 50 matches. They're as desperate as us","curiosity"
"It means that [NAME] campaign colluded, contrary to them saying otherwise. Sorry if you voted to advance Russian interests.","neutral"
"Man your post really struck me I feel exactly the same way you do. I’m tired and I feel like it’s too much work.","annoyance"
"Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.","realization"
"They're a clear example of what can go wrong when you marry ANYONE you don't really know, regardless of where they're from.","annoyance"
"I've just listened to it on my way from school today! [NAME] anatomy introduced some beautiful music.","love"
"Woah that’s comforting.","surprise"
"We discussed vaping, but decided against trying it due to the cost of investment in the equipment.","neutral"
"We need mark-ass brownlee","desire"
"She doesn't sound like a good girlfriend then, assuming you've done nothing to warrant such jealousy.","confusion"
"Am I the only one waiting for [NAME] turn from ‘politics’ to porn?","confusion"
"But it is over boyo","disappointment"
"White, yellow, green, purple, red, from worst to best. Ranks go from 20-1, 1 as the best, 20 as the worst.","neutral"
"I really hope [NAME] gets a great helm. A crown would be cool but I want a properly armored sword and board knight.","optimism"
"*walks up to mic* **Wrong** [NAME] is the face of the Democratic Party. There is no other uniting force with enough muster to surmount [NAME]. Puriod","neutral"
"This was such a genius character. Even reading quotes makes me breakout laughing, every time","admiration"
">intensive purposes I can't tell if you're meming or not, but it's "intents and purposes"","approval"
"What is the point of this app? Not much is given on their page on the app store other than "fun"","curiosity"
"at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems","disappointment"
"You can go on the offical league forum and look for people.","neutral"
"My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys","admiration"
"Ok now I’m wondering what you’re on","curiosity"
"I swear to [NAME], I'm going to approach you. Instead of running away, I'll come right to you.","neutral"
"I have seen this a few times. Feels staged...","joy"
"if it shatters your little ego i'm fine with this. :)","anger"
"i think [NAME] and [NAME] used to be married then he divorced her when he found she was cheating.","sadness"
"Now THAT’S funny!","amusement"
"This is terrible","fear"
"This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.","annoyance"
">I *am* fascinated that some people call themselves incels while acknowledging that they aren't virgins. oh, then you should check out femcels.","neutral"
"Put some respect on the name of my boy [NAME].","desire"
"she seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.","disappointment"
"You can't see anything in Black Panther.","disapproval"
"Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol","amusement"
"Come on curry","neutral"
"*right, [NAME]. thank you for clarifying.","gratitude"
"has the face of someone that had one too many pain pills for breakfast.","amusement"
"Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.","neutral"
"Happy Birthday!","excitement"
"It was eaten by a Photoshop coyote. Adobe support is your only hope.","desire"
"You didnt even ask the parents if they agreed to let him in the back?","nervousness"
"Randomly watched arrow this week and I think each year is more confusing and I didn't like it! At least [NAME] is still there and always shining!","disapproval"
"Mmmmmm 😐 🤔 yeah","neutral"
"I would hope that Cartoon Network would have nothing to do with it. Would hate to see them "Teen Titan" ASOIAF. ","anger"
"Oh [NAME] it's happening again!","surprise"
"Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.","disgust"
"I mean I just screenshotted this out of my news feed.","neutral"
"Mo bam a or sicko mode","neutral"
"Some randoms from his Minecraft sever probably","neutral"
"I have vaguely heard he was maybe, possibly going to make a statement in regards to no new taxes, but who knows. ","neutral"
"Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?","annoyance"
"who tf has twitter on light mode","annoyance"
"You beat me to it","annoyance"
"That pizza looks good","admiration"
"I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.","caring"
"Tell us your story, too, [NAME] :) Sooooo many more details to mine, ooooofffff... i tried to be brief","realization"
"So true.... hes my baby but I never expected his level of protectiveness, hes literally an ounce so it's pretty crazy to see","admiration"
"This time next year, this game will be praised. The current installation will be ridiculed in its place. Its been this way for years ","optimism"
"And they let you run money making missions while playing in a solo server? I don’t remember this from gta.","neutral"
"When people say [NAME] should be an All star just show them that last possession","neutral"
"the longest week (2014) I don’t know if it’s still available but it was pretty good romantic comedy","admiration"
"Ehh, still pretty ambitious lobs for [NAME] though. I'd get it if it was [NAME]. ","neutral"
"I've definitely erected something in his honor but idk about a statue","neutral"
"I suppose. It was just weird how they went on a NASCAR tangent for like 3 minutes lol.","disgust"
"No problem People repost and don’t credit, so it’s a necessary evil Thanks for the feedback","approval"
"Unsuspecting in the sense that they believe they're in a legitimate clinic and that the person performing the scan is a healthcare professional instead of an anti-abortion nutjob.","neutral"
"You choose a bad time, no one is fessing up anything during an election.","caring"
"I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.","confusion"
"Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!","love"
"It happens to me in relatively short streaks last one 13 days and I noticed it was a bit yellow","approval"
"Thanks, I actually just reached out to my counselor and said I'd like to switch to just myself.","gratitude"
"Ha, I'm with you on that one.","neutral"
"That was your saddest shortest story yet","sadness"
"Roids are a lot more harmful than makeup.","approval"
"Wasn't he Eagles' top try scorer last year despite being a forward?","neutral"
"Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired","admiration"
"I needed this today. Thanks stranger","desire"
"4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.","neutral"
"I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.","disappointment"
"Every year, consistently, once I turned 18. What a world.","surprise"
"Politicians be like yo we cant raise minimum wage because then companies will just replace all their workers with robots...","neutral"
"The Guardian are covering it. Naturally they think we're far-right activists and misogynists whose displeasure proves the necessity of the [NAME] campaign...","disgust"
"why wont i just fucking die","disappointment"
"*what the fuck*","disgust"
"But atacking it over and over again is considered griefing, you wanted to shoot fishes in a barrel over and over and got caught.","annoyance"
"back when mercy could get play of the game.. and not be useless.","neutral"
"Just tell her you're going to get tested and she should as well just in case.","approval"
"Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on","surprise"
"I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)","relief"
"Squeak the toy! Ball makes everything better!","neutral"
"Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.","remorse"
"I like how in the wrapped version, [NAME] looks like he is hiding a chub.","confusion"
"Waaaaaaay too much work. Just make guacamole and salsa and eat it with the [NAME]","excitement"
"Is he your source?","curiosity"
"Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.","realization"
"The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell","disgust"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"Sarcasm is a social construct? Ooh boi","curiosity"
"Just googled him. Only thing is how do I get in contact with him.","confusion"
"It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.","embarrassment"
"Its acts as a moisture barrier so the bread wont get soggy no matter what you put in it","neutral"
"oh, me too, actually.","neutral"
"[NAME] is legit! Loving this move.","admiration"
"What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.","fear"
"It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.","annoyance"
"Maybe you’re not bringing as much to the table as you thought","neutral"
"We are currently working with Crypto Capital while their legal team is trying to get the funds from this bank.","neutral"
"Agreed sis. But I was just annoyed at that point and wanted to get laid. Didn't happen though. Oh well. Thanks!!","pride"
"I was going to suggest that it was likely a 96 or something. I could see how a 96 Dom would be $500 depending on the circumstances.","neutral"
"As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.","anger"
"YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.","neutral"
"Bruh. Same I’m sitting here wide awake barely breathing outta one nostril.trying to blow my nose every ten seconds and I thins happening","neutral"
"The diagonal photo is killing me. Why is it like that?","annoyance"
"Soundboard operator needs to start blasting duck quacks whenever we block their guys","anger"
"The most my dad did to help with the housework in 35+ years of their marriage was to lift his legs while mum vacuums around the couch","anger"
"We're worse to animals than we were 100 years ago, js.","annoyance"
"Lol, I don't know the game that well","amusement"
"So you agree.","neutral"
"I believe they use some tissue from the urethra that creates some small amount of lubrication.","neutral"
"Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now","joy"
"He's 38 he should retire I hope he at least gets traded to a contender","approval"
"yeah sounds like you're thinking real hard on it. Stop wasting peoples time theres folks in actual need for help. And this sub isnt for that","neutral"
"Wise words :) she is quite remarkable in so many ways. I guess that I will just see or won't see :D","admiration"
"That sounds pretty good","optimism"
"I'm sure your kind is fine the way it is","admiration"
"It's nice that we've started giving our backups some time; this gives them trade value when they demonstrate that they can play ball.","neutral"
"Oh thank [NAME]","gratitude"
"So true! I’ve always wondered why this is? I’m skinny as all hell and ppl tell me this all the time lol.","amusement"
"That's false","sadness"
"Love it [NAME]","love"
"I love this drink.GIF","love"
"I heard if your master gives you a piece of clothing you are set free. Has that happened for you yet?","neutral"
"So that means the Vikings are the Purple Cobras...","neutral"
"If high calorie food is so cheap, eat less of it and save even more money without getting fat.","approval"
">both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔","anger"
"What a terrible list","anger"
"An oldey but a goodey! Phew!","relief"
"[NAME] 12 min long? That other 1 min video spoiled me.","sadness"
"Just ride the subway in NYC and watch how everyone behaves. Don’t stare, though. ","neutral"
"Uh oh. Ummm, I need to take care of something.","caring"
"The projectiles are 1L bottles, so more cylinders than spheres. Does it make any difference? ","neutral"
"Cos Disneyland is too damn expensive for them these days.","surprise"
"This is amazing!!","admiration"
"I watched a couple Titan games. He used [NAME] and [NAME] very well. That alone gets me excited.","excitement"
"Right? just like the shock I had in elementary school when I learned the KKK was started by [NAME]","surprise"
"I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.","gratitude"
"Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen","optimism"
"Ah, info not previously known. Knowing that, I probably would’ve done the same. ","realization"
"You're not a good person if you make the person that just let you inside their body feel bad and disrespected.","annoyance"
"She is so brave 😥😭","admiration"
"I'm assuming she knew that they knew were trying to steal but [NAME]","disapproval"
"So we should just complete one study on anything, never question the results or methods, and just accept the initial study as gospel. Gotcha.","neutral"
"I mean, a lot of animals I've seen get terrified of regular stuffed animals, imagine having your fears super sized like that","realization"
"Close the door, you're letting the heat out!","neutral"
"Hitting your kids for punishment just makes them sneakier. Maybe that has something to do with the dishonesty of the church and [RELIGION] in general.","neutral"
"[Licks salt] "Hey guys, this *definitely* isn't snow!"","neutral"
"Ph and Tesla doesn't do advertising. So any mention like this is fun to see","amusement"
"Oh you're getting trolls trolls. Damn what sub you think they are getting you from, lol I'm not gonna mess with them.","amusement"
"Correct them. It’s best to let them know the real you right from the beginning rather than later.","caring"
"Way to go! I know who this couple is! they appear really happy!","admiration"
"What a funny story.","amusement"
"I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).","love"
"Ya so in a sense, you're just feeding strangers for a few days. Kind of charitable in a way","neutral"
"Time to start my end of life tren blast!","neutral"
"Not necessarily, plenty of people in my small town that will buy your food stamps.","disapproval"
"Maybe try living a little longer before you talk about things you don't know about, sweaty. NEXT!","neutral"
"Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.","surprise"
"almost [NAME] can do it !!","approval"
"This is why we love Football!!!","admiration"
"I only watched a few episodes, but I loved that guy.","excitement"
"I rarely get full manic. Lithium just took away my mixed irritable angry episodes and I'm pretty sure those aren't superpowers lol","amusement"
"I always say "Good Luck!" "Well Played" after winning/losing match.","admiration"
"Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.","sadness"
"There's literally nothing wrong with it except you being worried about the purity of your partner like c'mon.","neutral"
"That 0.75 is not for the same job. It's looking at the totality of female salary vs male salary.","neutral"
"Agreed. You can't count on him every night. The entire team is frustrating as hell","annoyance"
"I think the teacher was right though. Money would make a terrible aggregate.","optimism"
"WHAT ARE YOU DOIN [NAME]?","neutral"
"5’8ish my guess. The one thing that blew me away I went to a COD event was how short majority of pro’s are","surprise"
"I feel the same on [NAME]. She's trying too hard to be hard-hitting etc. Thought she was poor on Thursday.","approval"
"He seems to have a really cool fashion sense, maybe he can do something with it one day, maybe go to Paris?","admiration"
" "If you don't wear BROWN AND ORANGE...YOU DON'T MATTER!" We need a tshirt with that on it asap! ","annoyance"
"haha I didnt remember that Rampage was there live commentating for that one, good stuff. ","admiration"
"Well the last time we got a premier like this, the conservatives didn't get power again until [NAME] and only because [NAME] misstepped at the last second","neutral"
"Pay couples to have kids. I'm not sure if the incentives apply to single moms.","confusion"
"Such season 1 vibes and I love it.","love"
"I'd put the Thielen TD against Packers as number 1. That was such an amazing play by [NAME] and [NAME].","joy"
"Looks like pretty much any Donkeys fan.","annoyance"
"You got the true ending don't worry, you would only get the bad ending if you rat out your friends or accepted the deal","neutral"
"I wouldnt consider 2/2 really low on the depth chart. Prosser is low on the depth chart.","neutral"
"BUT ATHEISTS ARE DOING THE SAME THING AND ARE TREATED BETTER. No. You're just being a bigot.","anger"
"Thanks! I'm so keen :)","gratitude"
"Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content","gratitude"
"Thank you. Edit: I have cancer now","gratitude"
"Yeah I was hoping for age 30+ stories, still interesting to hear other people’s experiences though!","amusement"
"Same with Janus Portal. Countless times have people gotten away because the portal protects them from big damage.","anger"
">I want to believe that everyone deserves love They absolutely do! And he loves himself enough already! Too much, in fact.","desire"
"Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.","approval"
"You absolutely dodged a bullet. You can be sad about it because it sucks to be broken up with but you def dodged a bullet.","sadness"
"Oh hey this is pretty awesome! I've never seen such a concise itinerary on one page before.","admiration"
"LMAO I love hockey","love"
"When I get real pissed I just do R2 then R3 after lol.","amusement"
""what's wrong?" with legitimate care and empathy when I talk about what's wrong. Really long hugs. ","neutral"
"Keep crying about it. I’m sure the Yankees are reading this post and will take all your points to heart.","sadness"
"Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected","disappointment"
"Be true to yourself. Your the only one who will be","caring"
"Now comes your affiant, [NAME], law school and attorney credentialing expert. I don't understand what's wrong, though. [NAME] passed the bar.","neutral"
"My only issue with private schooling is it discourages those with children in private schools from wanting money to go towards public education.","disapproval"
"I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.","nervousness"
"Shows you how important posing is...","admiration"
"Yeah....each state gets two senators regardless of population. None are favored. Population is represented in the House.","disapproval"
"WHO WON THIS FIGHT My thoughts: neither side did a good job at explaining their positions and this entire interview was mostly useless","disappointment"
"That's the purpose of the experiment.","neutral"
"You need to see a feeding specialist. Outright refusal to eat to the point of starvation is almost always a serious issue.","approval"
"Dude, its **life** it's not **trauma**. Grow up ","anger"
"I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.","embarrassment"
"He's a dumbass, but he is our hot gamer dumbass","neutral"
"That would have been a funny had we never made playoffs","amusement"
"[NAME] was such a nice and calm person, he makes everything wholesome He was just like his paintings Realistic, Hard worked, and with tons of love","admiration"
"Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks","approval"
"He really has us in that first half.","neutral"
"People will come for your body, stop putting that out there and you will see if they’re friends or not. See who stays for your personality","annoyance"
"If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.","caring"
"These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.","anger"
"Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall ","approval"
"Hot damn.","admiration"
"Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.","neutral"
"Pretty shit tbh with you","disappointment"
"Oh no! More non-existent performance issues to complain about!! Can't wait to be playing it while all these self-righteous gamers take their noble stands...","curiosity"
"I really appreciate this post. I have been having a shit day and this honestly made my night!","admiration"
"> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.","curiosity"
"Sorry this shit is happening to you. Thanks for capturing the first [NAME] in WWII. Go Coast Guard.","gratitude"
"Thanks... Some days are harder than others","gratitude"
"Here comes a dildo... Hope it's not a crusty one...","amusement"
"[NAME] got some mutton chop sideburns coming in.","neutral"
"It is being talked about all the time on this site. What are you on about?","curiosity"
"I hope xe had a nice talk with the premier","optimism"
">Will continue if anyone wants to read more. We are not, therefore please do not","approval"
"A dangerous and oppressive social construct.","annoyance"
"Oh, I see what you did... Trying to confuse me.","disappointment"
"OMG kids are dying from polio??","neutral"
"You can do it!!!","optimism"
"Worth a try to report the bus number, the route and the time to PTV to see if he can get them back. Best of luck!","neutral"
"Its like a tiny hat. A silly itty bitty hat.","neutral"
"Oh got it","neutral"
"I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.","curiosity"
"He had 2 years with full control and couldn’t get it passed...just remind them of that.","neutral"
"I'm ordained. When's the wedding? 🙋 This is a terrible idea. I don't know what I'm doing.","confusion"
"Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.","annoyance"
"They're probably usually too fixated on how they look to even consider their surroundings","neutral"
"Dude awesome job being the reading police, great work out there tonight. Keeping the streets safe.","admiration"
"Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.","sadness"
"Quick... there's a boot somewhere that you haven't licked today yet!","excitement"
"And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.","disapproval"
"That is the plan.","neutral"
"This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint","realization"
"All these years I didn't know he escaped just to go to florida and kill some more smh","surprise"
"You're trying to come off smart, but failed. ","neutral"
"I love this. Hopefully it is more successful than [NAME] (RIP).","love"
"Literally what happened.","neutral"
"was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )","anger"
"This comment is basically 10 words of “I didn’t read the article!! But boom, I’m edgy af”","nervousness"
"He looks like the demon all the other demons beat up for lunch money","admiration"
"I guess a bunch of people will move over there to avoid Brexit.","neutral"
"I used to like [NAME] so much him and [NAME] were one of my fave couples but I’m over him and his BS lol","love"
"That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.","surprise"
"I just call my girl and tell her I love her lol. Easy day.","love"
"Do kids even know who Papa Smurf is these days?","curiosity"
"their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed","embarrassment"
"Pick one. - Socialism can't work people human nature is intrinsically selfish. - We don't need taxes because people will be naturally charitable.","disapproval"
"lol this is good.","admiration"
"Fish are friends, not food!","caring"
"Cue uncontrollable giggles.","neutral"
"I think the hulk could do all of that at once, and fold the wrench with his finger tips","optimism"
"I knew her in high school- she's awesome!","admiration"
"Saint and Eagles was the only interesting game.","approval"
"What the fuck did I just read?","anger"
"Oh my [NAME] I forgot about that movie","surprise"
"They believed in themselves, and clutched up. Let’s get it","neutral"
"r/btc is the only place in the world who thinks like that while the rest of the world thinks Bcash is a shitcoin nobody uses.","neutral"
"This question belongs in askreddit or the like. They can deal with the sexist crap this is going to dredge up.","approval"
"S. we're just visitors in the twilight zone, a different time and space dimension, do do do do.","excitement"
"Oh sorry dude, I was just looking for the WiFi password. [NAME], but I hope you stay safe","optimism"
"im excited!","excitement"
"Car just saw a chance to escape. Car took the chance.","neutral"
"DONT RUIN THIS FOR ME","neutral"
"Left or center is more aesthetically pleasing than right justified.","disapproval"
"I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. ","approval"
"The number of songs I've written that no one will hear. I've been working on some for 8+ years.","neutral"
"[NAME] is a nut; he has a rubber butt!","neutral"
"Yea no problem just be aware that when you are trying to aim at someone it can lock onto the wrong target because of the bigger lock on area","annoyance"
"Unfortunately if they tried to parent they’d never listen or just hate them and run away. Pointless","disapproval"
"Tbh I don’t hate either sport I just find them both silly. Especially soccer when Players fall intentionally to pretend to be hurt","annoyance"
"This is the funniest shit I've seen all day.","amusement"
"A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.","anger"
"Your link won't load and are you seriously citing fucking Syria as a successful example of anything? [NAME] holy motherfucking pecker.","annoyance"
"Yeah, anyone the team has dibs on and even the team's UFA vets can participate in offseason activities. They have to sign an off-season participation agreement.","neutral"
"Why nothing will change at all ... lol","curiosity"
"hMMM [NAME] is actually my worst hero in the game. I’ll work on him, though","disappointment"
"[NAME] looks so fed up with this game. He's going to scream at the whole team after the game.","neutral"
"You're implying it by equating occasional defections to every single Republican voting against net neutrality","neutral"
"That’s not a good thing to do. And taking it into account for sentencing is fine. But she’s still guilty.","disapproval"
"Because it seems like a first step on the same road that peope here have taken. I figured you have experience in the matter.","desire"
"..and it's awful. What a waste of money.","fear"
"If you would like to know more about this plant","neutral"
"We talk about PizzaGate too Why doesn't CNN cover Israeli interference in US elections? CNN seems to be aiding and abetting Israel in their meddling in US politics","neutral"
"I don't think we have anyone to fill it.","neutral"
"you dirty karma theft","annoyance"
"I think [NAME] was pulled in that moment into the “World between Worlds” just as [NAME] on Malachor.","neutral"
"Damn that must feel great!","admiration"
"I thought [NAME] had said he hoped to stay in Ottawa? I'd love if they signed him though.","neutral"
"I did not know that a map could arouse me","disappointment"
"Thanks. Screw the cancellation rate, it’s worth denying <4.7. Good to know!","gratitude"
"Which ventilators unfortunately have a serious list of potential side effects.","confusion"
"What an incredibly well thought out response, totally related to the character and moves that were previously being discussed","neutral"
"I love that whoever was filming zoomed in knowing what was about to happen. [NAME]","love"
"Errr, i didn't want to risk get in trouble with the discipline master, especially since we weren't on good terms at that point in time","disapproval"
"This is I speak it but the screenshot is a challenge.","fear"
"Thank you. Ignore the morons who have never heard of lactose intolerance.","gratitude"
"You are. And so am I.","neutral"
"I just love anybody thats fabulous","admiration"
"Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.","sadness"
"this mom wants her child to die","embarrassment"
"lmao! That happens to me at times, It’s like really??? I was just checking if my bullets came in the mail.","neutral"
"Buddy... Are you ok? Is there a teacher at your school that's strange? Kidding. Nice post as always.","caring"
"That was one of the things that I didn't think about and I already gave a delta for that.","neutral"
"We can't let the 8 year olds who are playing an M rated game see all of this bad language!!","approval"
"This picture is a prime example that [NAME] are intolerant douchebags who will always demonize wealth, fame, and entertainment.","disappointment"
"How are you punishing him for sneaking food? Why isn't that working? What alternatives have you considered to get him under control?","neutral"
"Shaving her legs, hoping the video didn’t cut short and that’s all she shaved in there....","optimism"
"> What plans should I use to hide the scent of a decaying body? Can you bottle up his farts? Seriously.","curiosity"
"Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D","anger"
"Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway","sadness"
"this is stunning footage of [NAME] dressed as a sheep.... and now after beto parody twiiter account was banned... it was allowed back","admiration"
"No I think he just meant that losing half of your shit should at least move the needle a little lol","amusement"
"They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food. ","sadness"
"I mean retirement age was set at 65 because it *was* the average age people died. Living beyond retirement was never supposed to be a guaranteed plan.","neutral"
"thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.","gratitude"
"C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT","anger"
"Please share lol","amusement"
"hey this isnt too far from me on sheridan. i never see anyone in it really.","neutral"
"Wow! There's no reason for this comment!","excitement"
"Thanks I have been, hopefully at an acceptable level to yourself","gratitude"
"That such a sad flop [NAME]","disappointment"
"My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F","embarrassment"
"Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say "respect me" in any way.","annoyance"
"this is so true!","admiration"
"Horrible night for dodo","neutral"
"Something like Chariot will occur again but all electric and highly autonomous. Something I wish [NAME] could do right now.","approval"
"Looks like the walk of shame. Heading home after a night of partying and to much drinking.","embarrassment"
"“And that’s it, that’s all I’m missing”","realization"
"Nope, he owns Swift. It's basically a holding company for all of his business ventures","neutral"
"Tag a friend who wakes up sexually horny","neutral"
"Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.","annoyance"
"Hopefully [NAME] is not included","optimism"
"Same old b.s.","realization"
"Sorry to hear that","remorse"
"there's one in between my gym and my work, which is dangerous since I can justify it as just as good as a protein bar...","approval"
"Good luck and have fun","joy"
"Still haven't heard a good reason why the delay isn't shorter","neutral"
"Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?","curiosity"
"You gotta be a fucking idiot to use a regualr wooden pallet for a bale. Blue or Red pallets only","disgust"
"Yeah mine asked me to marry her over email and then ghosted me for three weeks...","neutral"
"Me too please","approval"
"Catching some old highlights, the Bernabeu used to so loud, it was a scene, now its so quiet","neutral"
"She doesn’t even like dog fetus, how picky of her","disapproval"
"Love this picture","love"
"Cucumber for some reason always seems darker to me. Maybe it’s cause less people buy it so they sit there longer","neutral"
"See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.","anger"
"I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy","disapproval"
"Wow. I just read the synopsis, and that’s really what happens. ","surprise"
"I can’t wait to try the cleric class again!","curiosity"
"Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.","gratitude"
"I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!","neutral"
"Love those clips on YouTube, does this add anything to it? Considering Netflix's obsession with exclusivity, this is an unusual arrangement. ","love"
"um what about just not engaging and leaving?","annoyance"
"Don't beat yourself up, you'll find the strength to be above other people's scheming.","caring"
"That is fantastic.","admiration"
"Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.","annoyance"
"My mom would go into those rages and I would pray my aunt would call because as soon as she answered the phone she was back to calm.","neutral"
"Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen","surprise"
""Sad" but "true" There you go I fixed it for you.","caring"
"I really wanted him to be wearing cowboy boots, but will still upvote for those rain boots!","disappointment"
"C’mon man, read the comment, if you love [NAME] so much why don’t you shaft him","love"
"Comment 100... oh yeah.","excitement"
"I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.","neutral"
"Before telling you anything....what exactly do you want out of this?","curiosity"
"Lucky for you. I haven't been able to watch Oneyplays since [NAME] and [NAME] left. It's just not the same.","neutral"
"And more [NAME].","neutral"
"I thought you and the other person meant turtles. Which really confused me","confusion"
"I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!","love"
"I'm genuinely interested in the responses to this but lmao at "pork salivary glands" Edit: sweet username","neutral"
"Huh. Didnt know the HD edition had online multiplayer.","realization"
"As it should be. Great.","admiration"
"Sad. My condolences to her family.","grief"
"I know a couple of people who are. It's amazing to watch.","amusement"
"Thanks for the confirmation","gratitude"
"Haha and [NAME] is calling the Chicago crew the most triggered bunch. Then proceeds to scream at them like the little triggered bitch he is.","amusement"
"I really like this photo.","love"
"Yea ur probably be super drowsy tho.","neutral"
"It's full of what?!","neutral"
"It's actually remarkable how universally disliked [NAME] is as a commentator in the community but he still commentates at practically every big melee tournament","disapproval"
"I'd take the bet of them not winning in the next 5.","pride"
"What a bizarre way to normalize the psychological path to becoming a violent criminal.","curiosity"
"my ex's favorite thing to do on psychs was eat, but i cant eat on psychs. she used to get so mad at me","embarrassment"
"I love it","love"
"There were people who knew about that before Vice. Not me, but people.","neutral"
"[NAME] is bad & anyone who still supports him should feel bad for it.","anger"
"I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50. ","disappointment"
"There is something deep within me that as an [NAME] LOVES the use of the word cunt","curiosity"
"Pretty sure the legislature needs to change laws","neutral"
"4chan is brigading her video.","neutral"
"Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying","fear"
"I can’t get over the sad , sweet look on the black dogs face on the right😢 “you can do this, I’m here..😢","disapproval"
"Fun fact: the average person eats 5 dogs in their sleep, checkmate veegunz","neutral"
"Y'all i have option one. Lemme tell you. Sex is important. I miss it","disappointment"
"Honestly I never even knew of him until the community pointed him out to me","neutral"
"Snuggling with my boyfriend","love"
"Nit bad for a flip phone! That a T-Mobile circa 2008?","confusion"
"I love assault","love"
"If it shows messages read, he thinks he still has a chance. Apparently not trying to go past the "hey" stage","caring"
"I'm 24 and still live at home.","neutral"
"its oxford, if you dont agree with oxford go live in a damn cave, because they is correct, and [NAME] I LOVE ENGLAND","anger"
"Boondock Saints, a brilliant documentary on the South Boston psyche ","admiration"
"they called me after 2 days lol","amusement"
"He also stepped in when seabs got suspended in the 2014 playoffs","neutral"
"> Wonder why centrism was basically nonexistent like a decade ago. Moderates existed even before that, so not really","surprise"
"Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.","anger"
"Follow rules 1 and 2 and you can have lame openers and you'll be fine.","approval"
"Didn't you get the PM? Post to /r/CatsWithJobs instead. Edit: It's already been posted there actually.","neutral"
"Should I say (sent to all) after I say snap back to snap more?","confusion"
"Are you implying that you can't take a joke?","confusion"
"The nude dudes in the Playgirl mag! It was like Playboy magazine, but with naked men. No boners allowed, tho, so they were flaccid. ","annoyance"
"Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!","admiration"
"Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.","embarrassment"
"This is why business and family should never mix.","neutral"
"I just love the look of most benzos. Bars of course the most. But a handful of 10mg valiums or 2mg klonopin is also mouth watering :)","excitement"
"It was 90 degrees","neutral"
"*french canadian fuck. They are the only ones who use it even though pretty much any french speaker knows what it means","anger"
"Ahh dammit I knew that was why I was getting the feels","realization"
"2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round","disappointment"
"And they don't give any actual details, just a string of baseless claims. Wonderful.","annoyance"
"I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.","approval"
"Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.","approval"
"Ask her out for date 2, see what happens. Sounds like a fun spontaneous night. ","joy"
"Whats trashy about her? She seems pretty well put together and untrashy to me. Everybody likes to put on a slutty dress and party every now and then","gratitude"
"This is child abuse. No decent parent would force their kid to starve just because they don't understand science and nutrition","anger"
"Yes my mother is ok with it.","approval"
"He is like a bad cartoon that’s hard to turn off.","annoyance"
"Lol get those pitchforks ready boys","amusement"
"I really like [NAME]. He has such a great personality and has great chemistry with the team.","admiration"
"I don’t need my readers to see that isis flag hun","neutral"
"If you have to ask you're too uncool to be allowed in.","disapproval"
"I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam","remorse"
"The very best they could do was the uranium one unscandal, which even [NAME] had too much dignity to touch. ","neutral"
"Yaaaaaas! I need your curly hair routine!","excitement"
"Ah I love IDLES! Both their albums are absolutely amazing. [NAME], [NAME], and Well Done are some of my favs","admiration"
"I feel the same","neutral"
"I miss the confetti cakes :(","sadness"
"Not sure wether to downvote because it's bad, or upvotes because that's the point","confusion"
"Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.","annoyance"
"SJW's I've encountered were far more trivial and spiteful in general.","embarrassment"
"She just needs to kiss [NAME]","admiration"
"This never gets old for me!!!!","approval"
"No one likes him enough to tell him he’s wearing women’s glasses","neutral"
"He must hate you","annoyance"
"Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.","confusion"
"I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.","admiration"
"That sucks man, I'm sorry. Things will get better, they always do in the end","optimism"
"I didn't know there was a name for that.","confusion"
"I actually do have a really good one who specializes in emp law. He serves multiple areas. Will pM","admiration"
"Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!","excitement"
"I adore Brutus and Pixie!!","admiration"
"But how can someone not be gender critical and yet claim to be a radical feminist? I’m genuinely confused.","confusion"
"shitposts are hazardous to your health.","caring"
"What the FRICK","anger"
"Ha! I like the way they feel all over each other.","love"
"You cant pick and choose racism you dippy cunt","anger"
"~~macri gato~~ Also, nice to see Buthan there","joy"
"So the tldr version "I pulled it out of my ass also get off my subreddit"","neutral"
"I wish I could retort with peep show memes about nazis and pints now. Haha! Cheers","amusement"
"Why is that funny?","curiosity"
"great execution for the drawing but bad execution for the meme","realization"
"*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*","amusement"
"Another bad essay by me, sorry for butchering anarchism, anti-ableism and anti-psychiatry but I hope I got the point across :p","disapproval"
"Hard Candy. You're welcome.","gratitude"
"If you went through the campaign, idk what needs to be explained 😂 ","approval"
"Given the shorts and tee shirts, I don't understand why these guys wear helmets? Is that just to conceal their identities?","curiosity"
"I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂","love"
"[NAME]. I’m not sure you’ll feel the same way when it hurts to open doors when you’re 35.","disappointment"
"Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.","amusement"
"[NAME] was good in "My Love from the Star".","admiration"
"> It's about equality of outcomes. It's beyond that.","neutral"
"I just got a shirt made that says “I can’t have kids my dog is allergic”","disapproval"
"and of course if that happens then there's no way it could be true. as if a protester could also be a paedophile.........","disapproval"
"Saying cancer isn’t bad precluded you from being a rational human being.","neutral"
"Funny coincidence that Kingdom Hearts 3 released alongside another RE game yet again. Someone should contact [NAME] to make a sequel","neutral"
"[NAME] is pretty cute...","admiration"
"Ah I set myself up for that one. Alright you win it does look cool.","admiration"
" Best number! [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]","admiration"
"Where was this claim that they were the rightful owners of the fiat currency? I'm guessing that did not hold up in court..","optimism"
"She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.","caring"
"If fathers could have a say though... do you really think that would result in less children?? Id say it would result in more..","approval"
"The douche is strong with this one.","admiration"
"I like you. Yes, you.","love"
"This bit was more fun than it should have been.","disappointment"
"It's a time thing and also I don't want to get pricked. They are covered in those tiny, tiny spines. ","neutral"
"I saw it when it was at the Mackintosh Church in Glasgow, it’s pretty impressive. ","approval"
"Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury","caring"
"Happy birthday [NAME]","joy"
"but the dayman doesn't have the nightman's sexy hands.","neutral"
"Guessing you didn't read the article cause I ain't said anywhere that I think [NAME] should be fired and also talk about the roster shortcomings","confusion"
"I wish I could draw... :L","desire"
"It's a shortcut, dude, he just knows the map!","optimism"
"You are the only person you can depend on","neutral"
"The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious","joy"
"Duress I tell you, it was done under duress!! ","realization"
"First, in war First, in peace First, in sexually transmitted infections","neutral"
"That’s adorable! He probably wants them all in one spot so he can make sure they’re ok and not getting lost or hurt.","admiration"
"Or do you mean because the people in this sub aren’t the homophobes in question?","curiosity"
"Way to tongue punch that fart box. 👍","approval"
"Love those clips on YouTube, does this add anything to it? Considering Netflix's obsession with exclusivity, this is an unusual arrangement. ","admiration"
"Not in Tuscaloosa, it's been a looooong time since that happened (1926)","neutral"
"Completely, it makes it into a decent panel","neutral"
"Thanks for confirming ☺!","gratitude"
"Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.","approval"
"Just keep trying. Dont give up! If you are getting numbers that is half the battle...seriously.","neutral"
"Teen should report him for abuse.","approval"
"Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night. ","neutral"
"It was totally worth it.","neutral"
"Goodmorning, I wish you all a wonderful day.","optimism"
"I have not read at all about the invisible hand. I know it only as a vague explanation of complex micro factors.","neutral"
""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!" I can imagine.","surprise"
"Even today, many years later that still gives me chills. RIP.","grief"
"Oh wow this is big. Thanks for the heads up. Indeed! So many great memories that I still like to reflect back on. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Check out [NAME], he's like the [NAME] of dissosiatives. ","neutral"
"Thank you for that statement.","gratitude"
"Honestly idk that she ruined a moment, she just changed it so it was a different moment between her and [NAME]","confusion"
"Never thought I'd see the day lethbridge got onto SRD!","realization"
"I'll probably do the same thing next year that I did this year and that was targeting [NAME] pretty late","approval"
"Get a lawyer for starters. Be prepared. Don't sit on your arse and flip flop. Find out what you really want and then do it.","annoyance"
"The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.","neutral"
"My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.","excitement"
"The lines are going to heal straight?","curiosity"
"[NAME] was my favorite. And I liked [NAME] her first season. They both suck now, so damn hard.","neutral"
"I've never been this sad in my life!","sadness"
"[NAME] said the GOP is the most dangerous organization in human history","neutral"
"Rude to NXT. They need to just let her go. She hasn’t improved in over a decade, she’s never going to","disgust"
"How dare you not find domestic abuse funny! /s","anger"
"An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.","embarrassment"
"I swear people just want to be angry","disappointment"
"happens all the time (at least to me) when you have a bad ping (80+), games broken lol","amusement"
"At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol","amusement"
"What am I supposed to understand from the phrase "1v1 fam, a duel".","annoyance"
"heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy","embarrassment"
"And Tranna for Toronto.","neutral"
"Please LivePD, we have less than 20 minutes left, let's not spend them wandering through the darkness in Mission.","realization"
"Got it, looks like they're in my vicinity. Will keep this on hand- much appreciated.","admiration"
"Still curious if they try and trade [NAME]. One thing is for sure I’m not ruling anything out. [NAME] and the FO is getting very creative","curiosity"
"that's fine also someone who shit their pants of realization","neutral"
"That’s the chelsea board will all know and hate.","annoyance"
"Keep on going","admiration"
"Ah yes, Plastique Tiaras drag race, thank you so much izzy....noriega <— That explains alot!","gratitude"
"Yeah but being happy at other misfortune is sowing bad karma for yourself.","annoyance"
"Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!","approval"
"> I'm not exactly surprised he was convicted when he didn't bother to defend himself He was able to instruct his lawyers.","neutral"
"Haha gutted.","amusement"
"I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.","disappointment"
"My sister and cousin got one. I'll probably say "not even with a gun to my head" if I get one.","disapproval"
"Is it bad that I don't want any of them?","curiosity"
" You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell "Dwig***H***t".","neutral"
"Good idea!","admiration"
"Your definition of a body is whats entertaining, laughable really !","joy"
"Imagine the baby being retarded","neutral"
"...be careful, guys","fear"
"[NAME] is the worst coach in bulls history","sadness"
"Yeah, not gonna happen. People need these things in their life to feel better about themselves.","caring"
"[NAME] death is just so..... senseless. Why? WHY??? The based gods have forsaken us","annoyance"
"Never understood the attachment to cats personally, letting them in and out and back onto the bed. It’s just not normal and gross.","anger"
"Technically they did not. Technically we were forced ti give 1b to 10 Irish constituencies to put them in charge after failing to vite them.","neutral"
"Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply. ","remorse"
"I could never deface my car like that omg","surprise"
"Why do people think the "tide pod challenge" was a real thing and not just a meme?","curiosity"
"Appreciate the update, hope this one is the right one though ! ","optimism"
"I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time","amusement"
"Worst father ever award?","disappointment"
"Because making 44% of the team's total TD catches is not enough!?! Please tell me this is BS.","curiosity"
"Cool story bro","relief"
"Lol, and be sure to slam the door real hard when you leave.","neutral"
"That "you see" sentence tipped me off too. So strangely written. And very self praising.","admiration"
"If you succeed at killing yourself you can't attempt it many more times.","neutral"
"Can you share a link to video?","neutral"
"after another rape joke, though I think both times he was quoting It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. ","neutral"
"I was hoping they both were gonna hit the ground lol","amusement"
"Curious as to why he's been passed up so many times now.","curiosity"
"Thank you!! That’s me as [NAME]!","gratitude"
"Exactly, you need a Hollywood woman of age to pair off with him. Past 35 should be fine right?","annoyance"
"Doesn't seem like a big deal. I mean is she in the room?","curiosity"
"Ok thank you","gratitude"
"Saving this. Happy 2019 to ya!","excitement"
"I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light","neutral"
"Some people are so closed-minded that calling them pea-brained is a compliment. That's an original one-liner inspired by this thread.","neutral"
"Thanks for the clarity.","gratitude"
"Being scratched by a cat is not self harming","neutral"
"I prefer boyfriend over partner any day lol","love"
"If those are your main issues with IL you are gonna love TX. I hope that doesnt come across as sarcastic.","optimism"
"It probably will if you roll your eyes so hard.","neutral"
"This is a hige step! Congratulations, and looking forward to hearing about your recovery. You have a whole new free life to look forward to :)","caring"
"She's a piece of work. I'm glad you're reporting your account issues.","neutral"
"That’s ridiculous. I’ll read it, thanks.","gratitude"
"Actually, I was just wanting for him to say..."oh know...just attack her..."","annoyance"
"I agree with everything you said. I still fell sad for her but this is the consequences of her own choices","approval"
"Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .","annoyance"
"Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.","amusement"
"I'm accusing you of framing [NAME] for murder. Where are your records?","anger"
"Not sinking in is it. I'm hardly speaking in riddles. Good luck","admiration"
"Lol alright dude. Nice chat.","admiration"
"His contract is awesome after July 1","admiration"
"[NAME] just got punched in the face","anger"
"True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there","annoyance"
"Exactly all I hear is about [NAME] and [NAME] and nothing about [NAME] it is crazy.","neutral"
"Hang on to that feeling brother, it gets easier :) ","caring"
"Are you allowed to voice any political opinion on Youtube or are they also censoring based on this?","surprise"
"Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up","caring"
"Yes thank you","gratitude"
"oh look at you /s","neutral"
"You’re the kind of guy I could really dig... a grave for!","admiration"
"That's DLo baby","neutral"
"That sounds frustrating!","annoyance"
"Cant wait to see it buddy!","curiosity"
"Oh! Im also Chinese (Singaporean) and due to the laws here my boyfriend and i are looking to go elsewhere...","disappointment"
"I like the name mummied the best so far","love"
"Lol [NAME] must have took [NAME] phone","joy"
"Lol you got us there hahahahahaha way cheaper too","amusement"
"Wow there a lot to choose from for 10 bucks or less too","surprise"
"What is everybody obsession with trading away young players in this sub?","curiosity"
""She doesn't understand."","neutral"
"I want to make friends too :( but I feel like I have nothing good to offer","disappointment"
"Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.","disappointment"
"Ah, I see you are a man of culture, as well.","realization"
"Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.","approval"
"News flash scrims don’t mean shit.","neutral"
"Not only your boyfriend thinks you are hot, Iike your haircut😉","love"
"#THANK YOU FOR THE RED ARROWS. I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED IT WAS THE TOP COMMENT","neutral"
"She had it saved on her phone because she was too lazy to delete it. Thank goodness.","gratitude"
"That could be a quick way to see the next great Orlando big man end up in LA, haha. ","amusement"
"Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.","amusement"
"Am I wrong? So many people from NY say it's really gone downhill. Doesn't mean I don't like public transportation","curiosity"
"They are the furthest left of the major parties mate.","neutral"
"You can't expect him to like food","disapproval"
"I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set","approval"
"This made me soooo uncomfortable yikes","disapproval"
"Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha","love"
"I just watched the entire episode. They never once hint that they were having an affair. That information didn't come from the show.","approval"
"It definitely has the best look to it. Also the best characters. Count [NAME] henchmen are amazing.","neutral"
"Same, it was such a wholesome way to smite the person!","neutral"
"I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?","curiosity"
"Hm, my info may be out of date. It would be cool to see them manage good mobile support for MTG!","neutral"
"Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.","realization"
"OH me too, didn’t realize it was really a thing till now 😂","amusement"
"They never will until it affects them directly, and by then it's already in the end game for us :/","disapproval"
"What a neat gesture!🤗","admiration"
"The guy is clearly kidding... not sure how you missed that","confusion"
"And it’s always so uncomfortably awkward when someone says shit like this to you.","annoyance"
"Send in Parking Pataweo. Guy takes no prisoners.","neutral"
"Paid model. She's a paid model and it's probably in her contract to drop her professional Instagram handle.","neutral"
"Comments like this needs a Not Safe For Coffee tag.","neutral"
"Wendy’s sauce I hope lol","amusement"
"It's a yes or no question so no you did not directly answer it.","confusion"
"Poisoned by his enemies.","neutral"
"Please. Sorry.","remorse"
"Love the username","love"
"[NAME] gets his attitude from his mother. The "I'm so thoughtful and empathetic" crap but won't do anything for anyone in distress.","neutral"
"It's weird knowing that the people in these pictures are actually real You kinda forget sometimes","neutral"
"oh [NAME], the fumbles.... all the fumbles","annoyance"
"Sad to see this as a one-off. [NAME] seemed to be really enjoy the game and itself. Will give the game a try.","joy"
"Crazy how quick people are to forget.","curiosity"
"Because they vote democrat and democrats are the party of Mexico","neutral"
"I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread. ","desire"
"You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.","admiration"
"Guilty of doing this tbph","remorse"
"wow i watch the video fews time and I'm still amazed","admiration"
"The only place open for dinner in our part of Seoul during Chuseok was a mediocre Chinese restaurant around the corner from our hotel.","relief"
"Damn, this one sucks doubly so considering all the positive threads on here today.","disappointment"
"Thank you.. Makes my heart happy that someone can appreciate this thread :)","gratitude"
"Whoever is against the queen will die.","anger"
"Tbh that’s kind of the exact player we need...","neutral"
"The sad truth is that all the feelings you get are real and genuine in that moment","disappointment"
"It’s... METAPHORICAL!","neutral"
"Yes it does count","neutral"
"Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!","neutral"
"San Antonio since that is where I live!","admiration"
"Ooh, political posturing! This accomplishes so much!","neutral"
"Happy belated cakeday.","gratitude"
"He should get some help from [NAME]","neutral"
"Imagine discovering time travel and you’re just like “hi, im famous now” ","neutral"
"Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.","disgust"
"Sports obsessions are basically religion to some people. And those same people make fun of the "geeks" at Comic Con... ERROR 404: Logic not found.","amusement"
"You lost everything. So sad. Lots of lies from you. Next time do better. I love this. Friend. :)","caring"
"Thank god. This place was authoritarian.","gratitude"
"As of about 15 minutes ago Edit: yes, I know I have a problem","neutral"
"No. But that's really interesting. I might start doing that.","excitement"
"Thanks boss. Finally got a sibling for the Glock!","excitement"
"You should call the cops of he comes back, I'm going to guess your coworker has plenty of similar stories about him.","relief"
"Realizing that thirty isn't old at all.","realization"
"i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk","sadness"
"I don’t think you understand selling at a loss","disapproval"
"[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].","annoyance"
"Me too! I have more money this time!","neutral"
"The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!","joy"
"Why can't I get Hulu in Canada yet!! So annoying","annoyance"
"You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog","neutral"
"Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.","annoyance"
"I would be surprised if [NAME] doesn't let you in. I would write a letter to [NAME] and explain the situation they might make an exception.","optimism"
"Well two other close testers are really upset about rolling","annoyance"
"Yeah he could have stopped talking, but they didn't have to but his tongue out. they are the ones at fault for actually cutting his tongue out","neutral"
"What a methy situation!","admiration"
"Now thats what I call praxis!","neutral"
"You're naive if you think they won't balance it out somehow in the future.","neutral"
"thank you i’ll focus on education and just bettering myself to the best","optimism"
"Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.","annoyance"
"aye they buggin for no reason im just saying good job keep it up.","gratitude"
"In the short term, yes. ","approval"
"Oh, the show that had [NAME]? Yeah screw him.","anger"
"Best decision of your life.","admiration"
"The character missions are still there but they just unlock an outfit now","neutral"
"Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.","disapproval"
"Well, shrinking of your d could be a motivation to quit porn.","desire"
"Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.","admiration"
"I went to a destination wedding being the only single person. Promised to never put myself in that situation again.","annoyance"
"From Rockledge, Florida in the united states. Don't know why I ended up here to be honest but it's a good time.","admiration"
"They put him on a minutes restriction for some reason, guessing cause he's not in really good shape?","confusion"
"Hey! Any chance you still have those templates? I'd love to replace my screens with Chabot and Dutchy, or Tkachuk, or Stoner :)","curiosity"
"My god, what is WRONG with people? So glad you’re okay, OP!!","joy"
"This is so scary but true","fear"
"Doing a happy dance! Yay!","joy"
"Its like a tiny hat. A silly itty bitty hat.","neutral"
"Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now","anger"
"Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.","neutral"
"After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear. ","curiosity"
"Holy heckin heck","anger"
"You deserve this","approval"
"In evolutionary terms you're a "Fuck it I'll fertilize a tree"","approval"
"She should have her medical license revoked because she took an oath to do no harm","neutral"
"Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen","disapproval"
"Online gaming is toxic. If those cuts were ever tapped, there would be lots of people in jail.","neutral"
"It'd be easier not to do it at all. I don't think it's meant to be easy.","confusion"
"That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.","admiration"
"Because you’re insecure with double standards, got it. ","approval"
"Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now? ","anger"
"Thank you brother. I saw you once!","gratitude"
"One day you should go get that donut! Personally, life wouldn’t be worth living if I couldn’t occasionally enjoy a gourmet donut 🍩 ","desire"
"Just checking in with my fellow zombie pale girls: what kinda brains do you like with your ghoulish pallor?","curiosity"
"There are so many posts from [NAME] on here it makes me wonder what people think wholesome means.","neutral"
"watch us play better without him","optimism"
"I just call my girl and tell her I love her lol. Easy day.","amusement"
"Bags are packed. Have to leave the country at a minimum as it's one of those gyms that's all over the place. Bad times.","disappointment"
"OMG if the [NAME] and [NAME] run... I'll have the worst of time deciding who to vote for!","surprise"
"Now that you put it that way I can’t un-see it.","neutral"
"except for call your mother. The undisputed best bagels in dc.","approval"
"how the hell do I post a picture","annoyance"
"Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.","love"
"This sucks so much and I’m sorry. I hope you recover and have a wonderful life.","annoyance"
"[NAME] buddy, [NAME] :) being lonely is only much needed solitude in disguise, a break from all the shit","disappointment"
"Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.","fear"
"Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Complete opposite for me. I lied about being at a friends how while I was sitting there talking to my recruiter.","annoyance"
"Can you even imagine the brain damage required to think like that? [NAME].","approval"
"2nd Intermission question: whose football team is in the playoffs Rn? How about them Seattle Seahawks!!","neutral"
"Yeah it sort of sucks now.","anger"
">Cannot predict now Guess it's on you now /u/smackspr!","disapproval"
"That opening is quite terrible tbh","disappointment"
"I don't know who the hell that is, but I will gladly upvote your post because it's not a stupid driving rant.","confusion"
"At the very least, I’m glad he tried something other than the standard blue. And yeah, I think the title is above-average as well. ","approval"
"I'm more saying that I think the south is a joke.","amusement"
"Guess i'm unnatural then. Excuse me that i don't want to die from a heart condition at age 30.","disapproval"
"That was my wish in writing this. We all need hope sometimes. Some enchanted evening comes for each of us in its own time I think.","desire"
"Happiest of birthdays, hope you can share it with the ones you love ","joy"
"They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.","neutral"
"No I don’t, why can’t you bring your hand to do it?","neutral"
"I love the content the PC channel puts out, its what wwe's channel should do more of","love"
"She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together","admiration"
"I just made French toast!! Chili for lunch/dinner.","neutral"
"Get well soon good boye","optimism"
"Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude","admiration"
"EVERYTHING in a house that smoked in, will smell like smoke","neutral"
"Oh you're getting trolls trolls. Damn what sub you think they are getting you from, lol I'm not gonna mess with them.","amusement"
"Best RB draft pick ever? Sure. Best draft pick ever? No lmao","neutral"
"This is sort of wholesome in a weird way","neutral"
"Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...","disapproval"
"I never will understand the reasoning behind puking in a toilet... Perfectly good bucket right there.","confusion"
"Likewise, Reddit has just gotten strange recently, sorry for misinterpreting.","remorse"
"Guice was a fuckin monster.","anger"
"You can't be serious.","neutral"
">”The Palestinian [NAME] population is rotten to the core.” Source","annoyance"
"Honestly idk that she ruined a moment, she just changed it so it was a different moment between her and [NAME]","neutral"
"This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.","admiration"
"picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.","disapproval"
"I didn’t know they ventured outside Facebook","neutral"
"That’s because she is. Honestly she’s done like a ‘safe’ performance once and the rest high. Others are unfortunately her eliminaysh-ions","admiration"
"Eesh, really sorry for your loss.","grief"
"Note to self: Stay off political subreddits while eating.","neutral"
"“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her","amusement"
"Oh [NAME], just when I'd forgotten about that...","surprise"
"Help with what?","neutral"
"This is the first person Australia has tried to do this to...","neutral"
"RemindMe! 3 months","neutral"
"Is it?","curiosity"
"That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.","disappointment"
"Mermaids don't exist.","disappointment"
"I get abused on the daily fam ‍♀️‍♂️‍♂️‍","disapproval"
"Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].","annoyance"
"Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.","anger"
"Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.","neutral"
"It’s so weird, I think it’s like excited/stressed? ","excitement"
"I also feel that way. They're playing next level... then again, I thought NZ would take care of us","neutral"
"This did not age well lol","disappointment"
"Fuuuuck. I am so angry that this can even happen.","anger"
"Imagine that rattle.. all the way back to Michigan. Enough to drive you mad","excitement"
"what a lovely gift, you are blessed my friend, she picked you!!!! use it in good health","gratitude"
"For be just being a handsome guy works wonders.","admiration"
"There's no room in this movement for your bigotry.","neutral"
"Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.","anger"
"No worries girl it happens hahaha","amusement"
"There is nothing untraceable about bitcoin. The point of a blockchain is that every transaction is saved forever.","neutral"
"crowd needs to get amped up...seem a little lifeless …[NAME] drew a charge CMON LETS GO","remorse"
"Has he done this with other world leaders, too? Or only [NAME]?","curiosity"
"This is why I could never work in construction","remorse"
"At this point, I doubt it's ever going to end. The right moment to do it was with AC III.","disapproval"
"We know blocking [NAME] was [NAME] choice because he said it was.","neutral"
"This stressed me out","nervousness"
"You a probably more attracted to guys but might feel that being with woman is better accepted in society so you wish for both.","neutral"
"A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work","disapproval"
"This is truly terrifying.","fear"
"Alright bud, I'll be sure to do that on my nearest panic attack. Cheers","approval"
"I have never noticed dread doing shady stuff. Dream, well, duh.","approval"
"Essentially this friend is so bad at geography, they think Europe is simultaneously Africa and Asia.","annoyance"
"This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.","desire"
"Let's be honest here if [NAME] played last night the Canucks win. This defense is a major concern and needs a complete overhaul this offseason.","neutral"
"Mad at [NAME] for what she consensually agreed to","neutral"
"Reminds of kissing my first girlfriend. [NAME], we had no idea what we were doing. ","confusion"
"He is just a kid, calm down and/or direct your anger elsewhere.","sadness"
"That kid would be so young that he'd only have a chance to appear and fight in a sequel series.","neutral"
"Sorry guys, I went a little far... You can read my apology post here.","gratitude"
"Clearly he did at this point. He wasn't some serial killer cannibal.","neutral"
"5 Chelsea players, hits Arsenal player","neutral"
"I was going to say "too lazy to go down to the basement to do it" but then I realized this isn't the north.","realization"
"Haha you have a cut on your face you must be the worst person who ever lived.","remorse"
"I bet a load of those foodbank using nurses labour were so previously concerned about would love a 200k interest free loan 👀👀👀","gratitude"
">pack of sick What does that mean?","neutral"
"How illuminating.","neutral"
"Oh yeah! If she had done full brows she would have been killin' it!","approval"
"I've got six aces","neutral"
"it's basically a mock selective exam","neutral"
"I’ve always wanted to do 4 teams of 25 or even 2 of 50","neutral"
"This wait is killing me . I don’t even care about the Super Bowl.","annoyance"
"[NAME] for comments on matches.","neutral"
"Hugs. We put our sweet lady kitty to sleep one year ago tomorrow.","caring"
"what does dw mean?","confusion"
"It's good worrying about things that can be helped. Lol","amusement"
"I think this is very relevant, u/lilhan2","confusion"
"Enjoy your gold!","neutral"
"I thought that I was on the IASIP sub...","confusion"
"Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫","fear"
"That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience. ","fear"
"not really, no","disapproval"
"Cool, hope that helps.","excitement"
"I always say thank [NAME] we can’t comprehend it!!","gratitude"
"Cat puke. After a chocolate sundae. Idk. Looks horrid","neutral"
"#THEIR ONLY 3' ABOVE SEA LEVEL","neutral"
"I agree. We could even change the colors to black and blue so we are not like soccer","approval"
"That's one card as opposed to every single attack","neutral"
"That’s great of you :)","admiration"
"really thought he'd hit a bird for the longest time.","surprise"
"It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.","gratitude"
"And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.","sadness"
"Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong","fear"
"Well what's that old saying, those who can do, do. Those who can't teach. ","neutral"
"I'm most excited, honestly, for the new batches of eastern coral antivenom.","excitement"
"but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.","approval"
"Uh well one has a long face but I think we’re thinking of different people here haha. They’re a popular 80’s band","amusement"
"I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop","desire"
"Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself","joy"
"It can be uncomfortable to be honest but after a while you both find your sleeping positions.","neutral"
"That can be true...","approval"
"Many of them are actively being courted and convinced by People's Vote activists. You just actively avoid acknowledging that fact.","disapproval"
"Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.","approval"
"It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.","disapproval"
"Most accurate of the 5 places I've seen this today.","approval"
"> appreciation and celebrations From the sidebar: > For **anything** about the YouTube gaming channel Game Grumps","admiration"
"Nah, there's no such message.","neutral"
"She was walking like that shoe was up her butt at the club. So tacky and just nah.","disgust"
"He said this awhile ago. His splits away from coors scares me.","fear"
"Doesnt have insane standards or anything. I don't see what's wrong?","disappointment"
"Have faith.","approval"
"as much i like those posts, for depressed people it often isn't that easy!","annoyance"
"Scat will NEVER be my thing. Or vomit.","neutral"
"To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.","amusement"
"what do you wanna bet [NAME] thought they meant "his" campus sexual assault info as opposed to everyones and just stalled to be safe?","annoyance"
"Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.","admiration"
"I never said anything about a crowded city. Immigration is not causing rural (or even suburban) areas to turn into crowded cities.","approval"
"This is why I asked. [NAME] people.","neutral"
"@ the corner in Litchfield is really good and it’s in a picturesque area on the Litchfield green","admiration"
"Furthermore the kids are staying with you and wife can move out of the family home and back in with MIL.","neutral"
"I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks","gratitude"
"Happy to help","joy"
"Definitely bitter, lol.","amusement"
"Very interesting to find out about small details like this. Are there any similar problems with any of the other armor sets?","curiosity"
"Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists","amusement"
"I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it","excitement"
"So what you’re saying is that the frogs used to use the chemicals on us? Oh, how the tables have turned.","curiosity"
"The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.","disappointment"
"I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs","fear"
"Police aside, storms and high tides may make things a little tricky","curiosity"
"Oh shit why didn't I think of that?","annoyance"
"Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.","disappointment"
"Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.","love"
"Me but with boobs. When will be able to trade body parts [NAME]","neutral"
"Oh and just fyi for everyone, the girls are bisexual (obviously haha) and I am Pansexual, though [NAME] thinks she may be Pansexual too 😁","neutral"
"Same people will complain of never seeing him except at election time","neutral"
"Now just sit back and wait for your boobs. So much phytoestrogen in one meal, it shouldn’t take long.","neutral"
"I love that when [NAME] was actually further left of HRC on a few issues like TPP.","neutral"
"Ah ha!","neutral"
"He is this year. Most likely not over the next three years.","neutral"
"Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.","gratitude"
"This is a hige step! Congratulations, and looking forward to hearing about your recovery. You have a whole new free life to look forward to :)","admiration"
"This guy looks like a creep..... that other girl isn’t interested at all.......","sadness"
"I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever","disappointment"
"That's not the first time I've heard it said that a GA acted assholic, not apostolic in real life. ","neutral"
"You can't jelly a ding-a-ling up the buttocks","neutral"
"Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!","optimism"
"Did no one else notice your stroke?","curiosity"
"For the most part yes.","approval"
"I’m ready to be hurt","neutral"
"No need to be sorry if you are seeking to leave ignorance. The only bad thing an ignorant person can do is willfully and knowingly stay ignorant","approval"
"Wish I had something better for you but best of luck to you, this situation sucks ","annoyance"
"Haha! Toronto, the hotbed of conservatism.","neutral"
"You just worded it badly, like we all SHOULD want to see it change, which many of us don’t.","disapproval"
"Stop saying generic hating sentences!","anger"
"> super model strange Oh man","surprise"
"It seems like the problem predates the current administration, which makes me think it has more institutional roots.","neutral"
"We *do* deserve animals if we give them lovings! Don’t talk so down about yourself, silly .. that’s what that kitty would say !","approval"
"Sorry I kind of took it like you were flexing on my or my opponents skill or something lmao","neutral"
"Confusing yet wholesome A cancer on a cancer that kills all the cancer, so maybe, cancer is the cure to cancer itself!","neutral"
"oh my [NAME]. it was hurting my brain. i only saw the disappearing boot and thought i was missing something.","neutral"
"Exactly. I forget what the "killed per year in a school shooting" figure is but it's shockingly low.","disgust"
"I hope for your sake you don't include Frazzles in your ostracising.","optimism"
"Sure? Money is still being used by them instead of the government wastefully taking it","neutral"
"Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!","love"
"Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me. ","gratitude"
"Oh [NAME] no. Let kinkaid eat it. Don't throw this kid in there. He isn't ready for the AHL yet","disapproval"
"A lot more potential than Crowder. Maybe not my best comparison","approval"
"I've been into cuckolding for many years, and I'm wondering the same thing! ","surprise"
"Oh look even more whinging by a Brexshitter about how its all gonna sort it self out fine, such fantastic info.","desire"
"Thank you!!! I'll do this now!!!","gratitude"
"Its almost as if everyone is too afraid to be politically incorrect to admit that height and race are a factor.","fear"
"Burn it!","anger"
"Theres a pretty big Irish population in Edinburgh/ Glasgow as well that'll likely end up contributing to the support.","approval"
"That would be **[NAME]** Who is also awesome.","admiration"
"That is pretty small damage. I wouldn't fix it either.","approval"
"I did this with tuna salad. I already ate tuna a lot (at the time) and it’s a decently blank slate.","neutral"
"Good luck, and godspeed.","optimism"
"I'm skeptical a single opinion would change. Politics is so polarized anyone who would bother to listen already made up their mind.","realization"
"VOLCEL POLICE!","neutral"
"Seafood is nasty af. I refuse to prepare seafood in my kitchen.","disapproval"
"Tell... what? I’m confused.","confusion"
"We need to get some away wins now more than ever. 2nd half of the season, no more time to be circle jerking each other! ","realization"
"It appears [NAME] has come back as a cat.","neutral"
"So we not gonna talk about that zone spam 😂","disapproval"
"I've never heard [NAME] complain about *post*-marital sex. So after you get a divorce, tear off your clothes and indulge your lusts!","caring"
"Not any harder than in chicken wings, imho.","amusement"
"I find it boring and, at times, incredibly annoying in all of the games. It completely lost its appeal somewhere around Black Flag.","annoyance"
"Man, I wish I liked music that much. Well maybe not *that* much, but you know what I mean. ","love"
"Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...","admiration"
"As a fellow shuffle/jamskater this makes me really happy lol.","amusement"
"I hope this is better than The Middle I mean it's [NAME] so it's going to be decent at worst.","disgust"
"“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg","admiration"
"Man, thats ruthless. Lesson learned. Trust me, there will be a time when they actually need money and I really hope you say no. ","optimism"
"And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.","annoyance"
"Greatest part of that goal is the pique backheel for me. What is he even doing there :))","approval"
"Omg that was the WORST","realization"
"No problem, hope things get better for you guys soon!","caring"
"God damn, [NAME] gets 2 Mikans? Lucky.","surprise"
"Ha, ha your mad!","amusement"
"Yeh pretty rough. I mean we all know [NAME] won, but it was much closer than that ","admiration"
"I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!","approval"
"Digital Danites is the name of my [RELIGION] Devo cover band.","neutral"
"The sign doesn't have units! Maybe the speed limit is 45 light yrs per second!!!!","confusion"
"Eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon him. May he rest in peace. Amen","caring"
"ISN'T YOUR CLUB RUN BY A JABBA-THE-HUT-LOOKING DONALD-TRUMP-ACTING MORON WITH A ~~FIVE SIX SEVEN TEN~~ FIFTEEN YEAR PLAN?","surprise"
"Needs a real big bag of rice!","neutral"
"Do you ever feel exhausted after chasing girls? I do sometimes","neutral"
"I liked [NAME] updated “I thought this was a teaching hospital!”","love"
"Had no clue what they were but first thing I realized is how bad the logo is","approval"
"Never happened to me. Seems it would feel weird.","annoyance"
"I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone","fear"
"This is a good one","admiration"
"To be fair, it is a wild sentence. "I have genital herpes and a BMI of 31." As if they're related lol","amusement"
"[NAME], that is so horrible. I’m so sorry for you and OP.","fear"
"They actively supported it before *mysteriously* going silent about it during and after the 2015 Labour leadership election.","approval"
"You mean the Chelsea?","surprise"
"I wouldn't mind seeing a discussion with her and [NAME] about their experiences being millennials in Congress. Just having AOC doesn't interest me at all.","neutral"
"Does anyone know how much the skin is supposed to cost? Edit: And does it put the lotion on it's skin?","curiosity"
"Mate it's been nice the last couple weeks. You're gonna die when a stormy period arrives.","annoyance"
"I'm afraid I'll pick something else.","fear"
"Yeah I legitimately have no idea what he's talking about... cr lk is a chain","neutral"
"Ha! I like that one.","approval"
"I wouldn't say anything to anyone. You don't need to.","neutral"
"Is her fake chin totally to the right of where it should be here?","curiosity"
"People there are great citizens out there who dislike Rick & Morty studies) should be legalized already.","admiration"
""You're right. Things are boring. You should find someone who isn't boring. I will too."","disappointment"
"It could have been worse! All the chairs and table are still upright.","neutral"
"It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason","realization"
"Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!","approval"
"I just wanted to say how honorable you are, r/niceguys","admiration"
"My goodness. Your such a fucking manchild.","neutral"
"Damn have they not heard of shelters. Bro go adopt a pupper.","annoyance"
"Pulling for you so much ❤️. You got this!","approval"
"To be fair, people still go on about [NAME] ","neutral"
"I was wondering what that was!","surprise"
"I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.","annoyance"
"If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback","anger"
"She wantsyou to rugsweep. She's patronizing you.","caring"
"They're cowards.","neutral"
"Oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?","confusion"
"Why tarnish The Office this way?","neutral"
"DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.","anger"
"love how nobody decides to run over to him and help","annoyance"
"Now this I like.","excitement"
"Yay Pip!","neutral"
"Turbo the Turtle","neutral"
"Usually it's not entertainment, it's mostly curiosity and fascination. Like when you see something horrible, but can't turn your eyes away.","disapproval"
"LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright. ","confusion"
"The only [NAME] reference that never gets old to me os 'i just saw Manila girl'","neutral"
"Italy would be so awesome - I think it's one of those countries you'll just instantly fall in love with.","admiration"
"Wouldn't surprise me. I only had it happen once and it was a long time ago.","realization"
"I'm glad we have a place we can come to when we have doubts. Thank you so much.","gratitude"
"She looks so pretty in that photo.","admiration"
"ok so that was fucking sick","disappointment"
"Truth. If he had time for another relationship, he has time to pay for it. ","neutral"
"Ah what a good start","admiration"
"Crap, crap, mega crap!","annoyance"
"Could be to lead the police on the wrong trail to delay being caught","neutral"
"Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff","disappointment"
"I’m just glad that the academy is FINALLY progressive enough to nominate a mediocre [NAME] biopic directed by a pedophile.","admiration"
"I love Wayfair! Just started using them and am impressed. Sounds like UPS sucks. Enjoy your couches! Haha","amusement"
"the last 2 are mocking the first you dumb asses","annoyance"
"Stop crying already","caring"
"hahahaha yeah you tell him man! fuk da police coming straight from da undagrunnn hahahah just like that song right!","anger"
"Don't tease me with [NAME].","annoyance"
"Slovenia is awake and ready for some Mavs magic!","excitement"
"WOW HOLY SHIT","surprise"
"You're not really pissing anyone off. Mostly we just pity you.","neutral"
"They remembered [NAME]","neutral"
"Is that not common in your area? I see amish people all the time","neutral"
"Yeah pretty much. People do change, but never ever do they change because someone else demands it from them.","fear"
"I think making fun of him will just piss him off.","disappointment"
"I'm 27. I've been thinking about joining the club, just to avoid this inevitability ","neutral"
"My error has already been highlighted thanks.","gratitude"
"Sorry, I laughed, not at you, but because this is so perfect and so relatable. Hope you're past it or getting past it. ","admiration"
"You can’t change my mind about the officiating, I know what I’ve seen","disapproval"
"I bet he paid, AND requested this masterpiece ","neutral"
"While technically true, I think Spin-off generally has the connotation of being canon or at least appealing to canon.","approval"
"Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.","optimism"
"Ooh I might try that","neutral"
"the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.","approval"
"I'd imagine it's heavily dependent on exactly where in the world you are.","neutral"
"horrific clock management too!","embarrassment"
"Except [NAME] was actually extremely disruptive in college, and has some great film. [NAME] just doesn’t ..","neutral"
"I’m so very sorry that happened to you!","remorse"
"> Literally no one cares if you stay or go, Funny you should say that...","amusement"
"Hmm. My sister is halfway vegan and she loves oreos because they actually don't have any dairy in them.","approval"
"Do you have the link to her GoFundMe?","neutral"
"he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.","annoyance"
"BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!","sadness"
"Yea I think I'm in that on Fetlife but was looking for something specifically on Reddit.","neutral"
"I wish I was [NAME]. Source (deleted):","desire"
"Uh...no","sadness"
"Like all mavs fans... [NAME] its not a rookie anymore xD","love"
"Is this a real thing!?! (I am clearly very sheltered)","curiosity"
"You will eventually end up as an awful person who abandoned her. Might as well be sooner than later!","neutral"
"It's some freaky stuff for sure!! How legitimate do you speculate the experiments are?","approval"
"This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.","disgust"
"Some "Mean Girls" style backstabbing will be a great B-plot for this new season! 🍿","admiration"
"Please. Sorry.","remorse"
"All right then, what’s your source?","neutral"
"My whole life’s been a lie","disappointment"
"What a weird character to use for something like this","annoyance"
"You're never too young to have a Vietnam flashback","neutral"
"Thanks man. You too","gratitude"
"Are you saying that's why they went with [NAME]? That's racist","neutral"
"Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.","anger"
"Is this funny but sad? This just seems like a normal meme to me","approval"
"Did you check the bowl?","curiosity"
"I tell myself that but when I’m at 90 I’m like a zombie","neutral"
"yep, its still time based so 1st will be absolutely raking it in ","approval"
"I would be surprised if she's doesn't have at least 1 kid","confusion"
"The best part about reading brietbart articles is you know they won't give any facts to support their statement.","admiration"
"*runs in hair salon* GIMME ALL THE SHAMPOO!!","neutral"
"Homegirl has been my favorite since season 1. Just like [NAME] on Laguna Beach. Maybe bc they remind me of myself. 😬😬😬👀👀👀","neutral"
"/u/flight2-0-9er and I have been having a conversation about it","neutral"
"me too, always smoke a cig with the joint, they are best friends","neutral"
"You’re right, no one is taking you seriously, Reddit user.","realization"
"*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.","neutral"
"You're welcome!","gratitude"
"Okay just thought it would be a good idea.","optimism"
"Bruh you don’t belong here","disapproval"
"I never get sick of seeing me and my dad go absolutely fucking wild in that video","grief"
"I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.","excitement"
"Binged through this last night. Interesting and entertaining. I'd love to see more.","admiration"
"She wants this “family thing “ more than she wants her daughter to feel safe.","neutral"
"Aww! congratulations!","admiration"
"They will get the other. It's all fun and games until they noticed I was friends with a deep trust issues with humans since they were little.","neutral"
"Or the Lady Killers, except it's a bank and not a Casino. Set in the south too.","neutral"
"I hieaa i just trip out how your lds and not know or here. Nevermo here a d hears when i was a kid","neutral"
"He's been playing better this season though, in my opinion.","admiration"
"aw :(","disappointment"
"Make fun of them all you want; fact is they won during the regular season when we couldn't.","amusement"
"Love it [NAME]","love"
"[NAME] was high sticked 3 times, cut twice before a call","neutral"
"The last Super Bowl Champion your dad saw was the New York Football Giants. Take solace in that. Sorry for your loss, friend.","admiration"
"He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.","approval"
"That'd be fun! Meet at a bar and watch the show!","excitement"
"fuck these dysfunctional, insecure mattresses","anger"
"hello from another CHOA RN!","neutral"
"I got silver the other month on this sub using interesting title","pride"
"It was salt. This is the laziest ‘dish’ I have ever ordered in my life.","approval"
"Impeach “fouty” five!!","excitement"
"Not incel related","disapproval"
"I'd say the key difference is probably vegemite consumption...","neutral"
"Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.","annoyance"
"Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season","optimism"
"We love our murder queen","love"
"I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao","sadness"
"You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog","realization"
"As anyone else ever **needed** waffles before? This winter morning is killing me.","fear"
"i love this","love"
"Just because you would laugh, doesn't mean that the guy in the video would.","annoyance"
"i had a weird feeling colts were gunna win the SB, should have put some money on it ","surprise"
"this is probably one of the top 5 most legendary copypastas from this community - I’ve always loved this one","admiration"
"You had a tough childhood :(","sadness"
"> I find myself doing more stuff at home to avoid the unruly families that crowd the malls. You and me both!","neutral"
"Omg, *please*","annoyance"
"Sometimes it makes me squint. It's fine with friends because they just think I'm high. It's not as great with colleagues and such.","neutral"
"So many nice things here. Good vibes. Enjoy your cake day and weekend. ✌","joy"
"nah he was pretty mediocre at A&M","disappointment"
"really odd choose with pairing slack and sunfan together. These 2 should always be paired with a high IQ caster","disappointment"
"They used the most terrible M form as well. Easily confused with an arc...","disapproval"
"....be the autism. Totally different","neutral"
"Ahh okay, that makes a lot of sense. But you're totally right, we've just gotta work as hard as possible.","neutral"
"(F) Actor here as well, also willing to learn anything and everything involving film!","desire"
"found it already but thank you","gratitude"
"I will defend common core against parents that are just bad at math until the day I die.","annoyance"
"The duck looks very dignified. Some might even say he looks presidential.","joy"
"I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.","approval"
"So good to see him and good to see he’s doing well! I’ve missed him.","love"
"[NAME] shot that shot with confidence i like that","admiration"
"They might trade for [NAME] or give France a chance. Still scratching my head at letting CV go.","neutral"
"I'll be surprised if *Monty Python's Life of Brian* wasn't one of those.","surprise"
"You got any more of that weed?","curiosity"
"She hasn't even fully moved out yet and I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I know how awful it feels.","annoyance"
"You need to talk to her openly about this... without shaming her. She’s being open and honest with you. Your turn.","gratitude"
"I think it’s mist, [NAME] not sure about the [RELIGION] dude","neutral"
"He looks like the son of [NAME] and [NAME].","admiration"
"Edgy bro.","nervousness"
"Wow thank you so much for explaining all that to me! It sounds like you guys have a great system going on - very organized.","gratitude"
"I love it that they're filming this with a phone or something","love"
"I'm just an idiot on the internet. I don't know a doggam thing.","annoyance"
"[NAME] is a brilliant player. Glad to see him get more time.","admiration"
"He was horrible","disgust"
"This is the day we've been waiting for! WWOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!","neutral"
"SONNY-TATER!!","neutral"
"you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)","joy"
"It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion. ","disapproval"
"Lucky you, some people have all the love ","admiration"
"... so we're pretending that this wouldn't be totally awesome had it been 1 administration back?","neutral"
"Maybe for the last 8 minutes.","realization"
"Yea I'm poor :(","approval"
"Hurts to read :(","disappointment"
"I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.","love"
"It's like they have no self-awareness, and they just engage in ridiculous hyperbole and expect to be taken seriously.","annoyance"
"Don't listen to much prog or hardcore, I love some black metal though.","disapproval"
"Sorry. I read that as newly white and it cracked me up.","remorse"
"It’s a soulless facsimile of what made B movies actually fun.","neutral"
"As far as I know, the last necromancer you kill is guaranteed to drop a lantern.","realization"
"What’s wrong with this","confusion"
"Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!","surprise"
"Its actually "[NAME]" , not "[NAME]".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened ","neutral"
"Because we feed the shitty ones so there is no incentive to put in effort","disappointment"
"I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.","disappointment"
"Like have an anti interventionist foreign policy.","approval"
"*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm","surprise"
"YOU'RE AWESOME, THANKS!","admiration"
"At least he isn't flying anymore.","neutral"
"I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him","fear"
"They say nature makes man feel small, but I wasn't expecting this","neutral"
"Lmao it wasn’t free, we were stealing","amusement"
"A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts. ","excitement"
"Thanks :)","gratitude"
"I’m happy. Does that mean I can downvote?","curiosity"
"I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?","optimism"
"I love this guy.","love"
"Oh I thought the laugh was from that one mech show","realization"
"so painful to watch","sadness"
"All that condescension to spell "capitulate" wrong. Shame.","disgust"
"Be the change you want to see in the world!","desire"
"Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.","fear"
"[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.","anger"
"Yeah you are second. Time to move on lol","amusement"
"Holy crap goddam! I'm giving morty an A in math","neutral"
"Yea the conversation went as expected and now I'm looking for a new job. Thanks to all for the help","gratitude"
"That is the coolest name","admiration"
"It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!","joy"
"The EU's 'red lines' are in treaty and legislation. The UK's red lines are just May's opinions, they could disappear in two minutes.","nervousness"
"I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.","love"
"“Oh you’d like that wouldn’t you?”","neutral"
"oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh","amusement"
"supa mario brothas 2 ya bitch","neutral"
"Those bastards lied to me","anger"
"Tru tru still a little suss, doesn't drake [NAME] [NAME] brown n potentially groomed a model at 16? Dudes dodgy af","curiosity"
"When *[NAME]* has to talk you out of an idea, you know you've got to rethink how you're living your life.","neutral"
"Thank you!!!! for being one of the sound minded people here.","gratitude"
"I just watched this video on youtube and thought about sharing it here","neutral"
"Curb your enthusiasm theme.","disapproval"
"its here! nice","admiration"
"No because prize drafts still aren't serious play dude.","disappointment"
"Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!","neutral"
"78% of child decisions goes to the mom.","neutral"
"Oh, but it is.","neutral"
"I love how you only see these types of comments on Japanese games, brings out the inner weep.","love"
"Pretend it's a multiplication table. Memorize a bit at a time.","neutral"
"Wow now I know there's a twist. Why even watch it?","admiration"
"yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock","love"
"I've got plat, the only challenge I'm missing from DLC is legions frenzy one. Completely impossible ","neutral"
"Just in case anyone wants to know what [NAME] spent their day doing.","neutral"
"This is the first time I've wanted to see a traffic accident.","curiosity"
"Haha, I feel that","amusement"
"What do you mean?","annoyance"
"Sounds like a man child, why don't he get it. ","neutral"
"Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!","gratitude"
"I focus on the pain","sadness"
"I've luckily never been a part of a group that does this, and I never witnessed it in my serving years either. ","relief"
"There's three ways to do things. The right way, the wrong way, and the Max Power way. ","neutral"
"“I did do the nasty in the pasty.” “And that past nastification...”","neutral"
"It tasted strange to me.","neutral"
"Let me translate: No. Find them yourself. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them think. But thank you for describing yourself.","neutral"
"Still better than YouTube rewind","admiration"
"You gotta be a fucking idiot to use a regualr wooden pallet for a bale. Blue or Red pallets only","anger"
"oh right that was a huge leap my bad","disappointment"
"Vincentown diner on 206. A lot of farm to table stuff, desserts are excellent, everything I’ve had has been delicious. ","admiration"
"Because of this bad situation some people are afraid of becoming youtubers because of this","annoyance"
"Oh don’t get me started about halo, the glory days","annoyance"
"Is it that good ? i'd need it too in that case :(","curiosity"
"He's sick of people spelling his name wrong.","sadness"
"it's so funny how the mods in that sub behave in comparison to the mods in this sub","amusement"
"YOU WIN!","neutral"
"Yep, hell of a listener","joy"
"Its cool, looks like it has a dish drying place built in too","admiration"
"Speaking of not having a brain, that seems pretty ironic coming from someone with your attitude.","annoyance"
"He'll have to leave at some point. So might as well get him to a club where you don't have to despise him","neutral"
""oh look a baby hippo" I'm definitely not filming that wannabe. *goes to a gig* I better film this so o can never watch it ever again.","embarrassment"
"You freakin wizard, I love this. ","love"
">not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?","disapproval"
"Is this coming to ps4 at same time?","neutral"
"Back in the seventies and eighties we all did this and it was no big deal.","realization"
"I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that. ","curiosity"
"The last thing you see before entering Hell.","annoyance"
"Japanese Raws? This manga is ongoing and next chapter is 217 as far as i'm concerned","neutral"
"So in that case I'd be able to look at what I'm about to lose until I come back the next round 😅","neutral"
"And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay","annoyance"
"[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo","disgust"
"Kids are like pets. They just sit by a locked door and howl.","neutral"
"Happy kek day","neutral"
"[NAME] mom is Puerto Rican","neutral"
"Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.","disappointment"
"The ones who supported ETC were more concerned with negatively impacting Ethereum and it's community than the DAO rollback in my opinion.","caring"
"I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes","fear"
"100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.","approval"
"[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰","neutral"
"Jeez I just did those for fun but good luck","neutral"
"[NAME] career ended after he broke his foot when he kicked a seat while blacked out on a party after a Vikings game.","neutral"
"Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that ","relief"
"Please treat me with modern medicine. I have gastroparisis.","desire"
"Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.","nervousness"
"I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit","remorse"
"Win the information war, freedom fighter.","caring"
"Please kind sir may I have some more","admiration"
"Idk if I’m wrong but I think they gave her some piercings on her ear which are cool too","neutral"
"Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.","admiration"
"This gives me life","neutral"
"I'm 50% convinced this is [NAME] posting and I'm here for it","neutral"
"All the centrist liberals in the comments are furious...","anger"
"Ok I'm pretty sure [NAME] has been part of the main cast since episode 1...","neutral"
"AND HIS OPPONENT WRESTLING OUT OF MANHATTAN, NEW YORK WEIGHING IN AT 185 POUNDS: “STORMIN’ “ NORMAN OSBORN!","neutral"
"Rec and Red just need to die as teams. Fucking joke of a performance here considering how much funding they are both getting.","annoyance"
"I don't follow him but I don't see a problem if he wants to do that. Maybe he's just inquisitive.","approval"
"My boss had this conversation with me just before Christmas. I start my new job in February.","optimism"
"Oh boy is this gonna be the new thing? Cause I like it.","excitement"
"The best answer is simply don’t do it. Having said that, good luck my friend. ","optimism"
"HE SAID YOUR FLY IS UNDONE","neutral"
"I feel so stupid. I’ve never made the connection between [NAME] refusing to play for SD and [NAME]","annoyance"
"Having a bowel movement, changing feminine product, doing makeup, etc. It really just depends on the situation. I loathe being rushed.","realization"
"[NAME] sweetie i’m so sorry","remorse"
"sure but that doesn't change the fact that he's probably not a neccbeard","annoyance"
"Again. Spygate was legal.","neutral"
"Roast you? The fires of Mount Doom already did that for you, you [NAME] looking ass. ","amusement"
"Love the whole lebatard community but she has the most confidence speaking and it shows up on all the shows she does","admiration"
"I knooooow. I’m expecting more water splashes :p [NAME] I was not expecting a manga using the term *girlyboy* to actually be progressive.","neutral"
"It's a lot of projection. Pretty much anything they point fingers at others for, is something they're guilty of.","neutral"
"That seems stupid.","disapproval"
"Omg I thought he was actually fired lol. Got excited ! I still approve tho","amusement"
"AND HIS FATHER WAS A DRACULA","neutral"
"But if I had a right to it as a member of society then I have committed no wrong.","disapproval"
"I couldn’t agree with you more!","disapproval"
"Thank you, that's very good to know!","admiration"
"Is that bottom trey filled with beer? If so, how did he acquire them?","confusion"
"The chubby one scurrying away against the baseboards has me cracking up. Typical hamster.","amusement"
"some of these, these neighbors don't sound like the greatest people.","neutral"
"[NAME] playing days are over, but he can always fall back on his degree in... COMMUNICATIONS?! Oh dear Lord...","neutral"
"*NOW* you understand jokes.","neutral"
"Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.","admiration"
"Haha! Do it.","approval"
"Kitchens use bacteria floor cleaner it would almost definitely make you sick","neutral"
"But now we're stressed out.","nervousness"
"Are you kidding? Most of them think leaving the EU means we get our old Empire back!","neutral"
"I've been watching too much my 600lb life...I instantly hear dr. [NAME]","remorse"
"Thanks for sharing! I can so see me taking the scraps when he inevitably is having a good day and reaches out. I will resist!","approval"
"Grown men who decide to call themselves"young loli girl" probably aren't interested in understanding how rape affects society.","disgust"
"CONGRATS! So happy for you. May life treat you kindly from now on.","excitement"
"#Screw you, [NAME].","annoyance"
"what i imagine you sounded like when that cursor started freaking out","neutral"
"I’m here, I’m here! Thank you all!","gratitude"
"So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...","optimism"
"Nah mate. I would kill for 3mb/s. On a good day i max out at about 450kb/s.","neutral"
"I think you’d the one who’s a stranger to these here parts, *pardner*.","desire"
"Not surprised, damn that sucks. Concussions are awful.","disapproval"
"That's cause [NAME] really got his career ruined by injury.","approval"
"I swear the low budget is what made it even better! The gnome stick is quite possibley my favorite movie prop ever","love"
"Sometimes this is the hardest thing to deal with. I also am still clinging to a crush with a close friend. Just be honest.","annoyance"
"[NAME] has not been that impressive in my opinion. [NAME] seems like the clear-cut top guy.","neutral"
"It’s always about sentience. We already generally restrict abortions about the time fetuses are believed to start feeling pain.","neutral"
"I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.","desire"
"Anyone know how I can tune in. Without paying for Blaze Tv subsription. This gonna be good.","curiosity"
"[NAME] and [NAME] did alright together. They were both disappointed with the outcome (initially at least) but Under Pressure was a huge hit.","neutral"
"The guy who tells people to shut up","neutral"
"please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play","anger"
"Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.","neutral"
"Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!","admiration"
"This video is what gets me saving into my future fund bruh. Edit: r/personalfinance","desire"
"Today on 'Days of Our Steelers'...","neutral"
"I am female. If someone approached me in a coffee shop who followed your above rules, I’d be giving out my number for sure.","approval"
"I appreciate the hell out of this.","amusement"
"At least you admit it. That is good.","admiration"
"It's so goddamn funny.","joy"
"[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Anyone else feel like this should have ended, "Enjoy the ride and there's a Pimento Taco--a Pimentaco--in the glove box?"","neutral"
"Now it makes sense.","approval"
"It is, but that isnt what makes it unfunny","realization"
"Has it really been 10 years since brown saved the world. Now I feel old.","realization"
"best part was him tearing apart his Real shirt while walking out","surprise"
"To be fair, they did call it a horror. ","fear"
"You got more upvotes. Now you are beating me.","anger"
"Interesting, I know another millionaire who takes to Twitter and rambles in an attempt to distract people from negative news about him... ","admiration"
"lmao... okay buddy","joy"
"Somebody lied to her several hundred times","realization"
"I’d rather not, thank you. Seeing her play that evil emperor in that Star Wars movie was quite enough.","disappointment"
"They didn't have a "bullpen" when they won the WS or when they went to the ALCS last year. They will get by as always","neutral"
"Oh the horror. I hope she's alright.","realization"
"Helps quite a bit when the opponent forfeits the game by playing a high school QB. This is [NAME] in the playoffs bad.","disappointment"
">[NAME] & [NAME], [NAME] are only DMs who could be best DMs at the moment Three completely different players. ","neutral"
"I'd have to really think about BEST, but off the top of my head [NAME] EASILY is better then [NAME].","relief"
"[NAME] has been playing pretty nice since he's been freed from dnps","neutral"
"Ah good call - I dont plan to take submissions for that reason","admiration"
"My gut feeling "what's wrong with his eyes?" on the second date. Should have listened.","realization"
"Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].","neutral"
"Wait, what does golf have to do with this? ","confusion"
"Never seen an abandoned piss trolley at a bus stop in Armadale ever","optimism"
"I hope he learnt more in his degree than that","optimism"
"I TOO AM HUMAN AND I SENSE A JOKE HA YES I AGREE WITH YOIR LEVEL OF ABSTRACTION.","approval"
"Honestly, I respect [NAME] for doing what he felt was best for business. [NAME] can go fuck himself.","admiration"
"Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!","admiration"
"Like i said he has only asked us once and this is 13 days before our rental agreement ends","neutral"
"Yes....youtube new rule is now...u have to do commentary on every video u uploaded or show yourself in the video.....check their guidelines..u will see..","neutral"
"Oh don’t get me started about halo, the glory days","annoyance"
"I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.","approval"
"nice","neutral"
"*”Better videotape it for that sweet IRL karma. Look at how generous I am, people! I am so humble.”*","neutral"
"The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine","anger"
"That dad must love monster high as well.","love"
"1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.","fear"
"A different joke. Scenic!","amusement"
"Georgetown - great food, great shops/ the "exorcist" steps are located there, too. the exorcist steps ","admiration"
"I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.","disapproval"
"This is a nononoyes in my book","amusement"
"His mom is indeed half black, [NAME] brother [NAME] confirmed it years ago in an interview. Doesn't fit the white supremacist narrative.","realization"
"My bad, sorry. I kicked a pebble on top of that mountain.","disappointment"
"Yeah I bet they 'work hard' nowadays and took 'big risks' for their money.","admiration"
"Oh geez.","neutral"
"Your comment certainly does","approval"
"Would you rather I hadn't posted this article? Don't want to talk about it?","neutral"
"Oh I (and he) did not realize that. I’ll correct him the next time I see him.","realization"
"The movie with crispy Lord [NAME]. "Good Evening, [NAME]."","gratitude"
"And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win","disapproval"
"Are you allowed to voice any political opinion on Youtube or are they also censoring based on this?","neutral"
"I'm pretty relaxed thanks for the concern though","gratitude"
"The most invisible colour OF ALL!","neutral"
"Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.","joy"
"That's what happens to you when you support terrorists (pkk) especially Marxist ones","neutral"
"I'm glad I could contribute some positivity! All the best to you and your kids!","admiration"
"Sorry to be the bearer of bad tidings.","remorse"
"fyi, straight men also use dildos. Also, your mom is awesome!","disgust"
"Imagine thinking a bigot isn't ignorant","surprise"
"I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!","love"
"Be single for a while and get your mind right before being with either of them or anybody else.","neutral"
"You clearly don’t trust him. Separate before it gets too comfortable to stay.","neutral"
">who can shoot a gun accurately I too can pull shit out of my ass","annoyance"
"Probably, but fuck Reddit then. Personal safety is up to the person, not public opinion.","neutral"
""Lazy ass" Oh my, the irony","pride"
"He did not cheat on you. He ended it with that other woman before committing to you.","neutral"
"Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.","annoyance"
"Finally something nice","joy"
"Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.","embarrassment"
"LEATHAL PAPERCUT BRINGING THE BANTZ","neutral"
"Amazing photo. It looks like a watercolour.","love"
"I heard it's because of florida crime reporting laws - I.e. the same stuff could be happening elsewhere but it wouldn't make the press?","confusion"
"Leaving [RELIGION] and planning to FINALLY live MY life to the fullest without white men in white shirt telling me what to do every second of my day!!","neutral"
"I really hope he declares this year. Kid is a beast","optimism"
"I was kidding.","neutral"
"Oh boy 🤣🤣","neutral"
"I hope you are not living in Australia. That heat has been killing Masturbators left and right.","optimism"
"As for myself, I've very rarely do I make my day! And it's not like I do, and do it try your best.","pride"
"I didn't read that but so what?","neutral"
"CW is available without Cable. But if your saying it doesn’t qualify as broadcast then I guess Kids WB never did","neutral"
"Good to know!","joy"
"This kind of package probably wouldn't even get us Parayko","neutral"
"I want this cat","desire"
"We saw them last year from Baker Beach. So many whales!","surprise"
"And the new sword is kinda shitty, and not even a complete sword at that price. Also, the sword is really bad for the environment.","embarrassment"
"So I play competitive with a group of people and being the one widow is most likely fake or just wild speculation.","neutral"
"See lots of empty seats for what espn hypes as a “rivalry game”","disappointment"
"I'm just glad they'll chill out in the main sub, they were swarmin.","joy"
"It was stupidmancostume","anger"
"I find it hard to say "no" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. ","approval"
"So sorry for taking forever. Do you have an Apple device? I have given up on converting to google sheets.","curiosity"
"I get it. However that person doesn’t know who you are...","neutral"
"Having a friend helped me","approval"
"Yeah it helps me too but I still don't feel well rested the next day","approval"
"I see what u did there!","annoyance"
"You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any","anger"
"Wait did [NAME] steal that name from the pinkerton guy?","neutral"
"Performing good with a weapon that is better than almost every other in the game makes you view them better than average? ok","admiration"
"[NAME]? Hahha. He'll bring in the 22nd century.","joy"
"Remember, we created gods in our image. ","realization"
"Oh I see it now","realization"
"He only gets time to post on reddit cos dudes have refractory periods. /s","neutral"
"Ok maybe I misunderstood your argument, so your just sayin that state's still have significant "autonomous" power? Because I agree with that.","approval"
"Thank you so much I am so proud of myself!","gratitude"
"So now you’ve been given several answers.","curiosity"
"You must be heartbroken, I’m so sorry. Can you start seeing a therapist?","disappointment"
"Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.","caring"
"Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)","optimism"
"I'm glad we have a place we can come to when we have doubts. Thank you so much.","gratitude"
"What a disgusting person she is","disgust"
"I'm surprised he survived the primary.","surprise"
"How does that work on joystick though? Never played on console, is this still a problem?","curiosity"
"It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.","disappointment"
"The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....","neutral"
"Nobody is shaming them for trying to stop article 13. Youtube is being shamed for being hypocrites.","neutral"
"I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.","neutral"
"They would be part of a nation controlled by the media.","pride"
"Gross gross gross!","annoyance"
"Yeah. Lots of clearly marked pick up and drop off areas and still people stop in the middle of the road. I dont understand it myself.","confusion"
"Nobody should keep any around that is this ass-cracked to oblivion.","neutral"
"Sounds like a great way to accidentally fucking kill someone who might just be passing by.","anger"
"Currently [NAME], I just finished watching season 1 and I really like her. Bendelacreme is my all time favorite tho","love"
"Chelsea just signed a striker. We need it we get it mentally. Arsenal is still ducking around as usual. Where is the change?!","annoyance"
"it's harder for them to do it in person.","neutral"
"Cheers to a better 2019 for our boys!! Can’t be much worse then 2018","optimism"
"My mom said that I was an ingrate who didn't appreciate all the sacrifices she made to make me happy.","neutral"
"I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.","love"
"Great point.","gratitude"
"I'm also an intj!! So uh, you can do it too ;)","joy"
"I don't think eating 4chan pizza is a good idea. Unless you're into some weird shit.","disgust"
"Combining the savvy business strategies of MLMs with the insufferability of wine moms. Expecting some quality content here.","neutral"
"Ayyy exactly!","approval"
"I love it. I just joined the Streetwise Facebook page to catch up on some of the kids.","love"
"And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.","disappointment"
"It's no secret: "He's always hungry".","disappointment"
"I love how they added a camouflage hat on the australian dude for no reason at all","love"
"It was inevitable, after so much cultural shading of men, that “toxic femininity” would enter the fray. Welcome.","disapproval"
"But he did not go in front of [NAME]. He simply slid in front of the gun","neutral"
"Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.","gratitude"
"So prison isn't enough? You want him raped? That's disgusting.","disgust"
"It seems some people on here don't like us disrupting their echo chamber.","disapproval"
"She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together","admiration"
"This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”","sadness"
"This just reminded me to continue designing that bloody website.","realization"
"No cocaine? London will collapse.","surprise"
"Please just stop spouting rubbish.","neutral"
"But they didn't because it's fake.","disappointment"
"Yeah I should have said ‘wouldn’t it be ironic’","confusion"
"Brain: Take spoon OP: Why? Brain: You gotta","neutral"
"Oooh dont call the bad guys for help when your life is at risk okay.","neutral"
"Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour. ","annoyance"
"Feels like cod","neutral"
"She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.","disappointment"
"There has been the odd occasion without condoms. No deep penetration, but never the less. Some. I feel awful.","disgust"
"How did you get access to PCTC?","confusion"
"Yo mamma so flat, Earth gets jealous.","neutral"
"ha ha LOL guys aren't we so QuIrKyyyy","amusement"
"It's a disturbing read. Have a good time 😂","annoyance"
"Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.","neutral"
"I literally have more friends on HOTS than WOW. Wow is deader than hots.","excitement"
"I will say, this tanking season is a lot more enjoyable than [NAME] cause we don't see [NAME] looking confused on the sideline every game.","disappointment"
"Aw look at her little coat","neutral"
"Except... that's exactly what I was taught in [RELIGION] school. One god, theee aspects.","approval"
"He hide his tears behind that fedora","disappointment"
"I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately","fear"
"I just love that this is appropriate for football now/again. #FuckLA","love"
"Yes I have been getting my own therapy but this month was a wash for that because of work. Back at it next week.","neutral"
"My family voted for the Qualified Woman who was going to keep this country moving forward. So I don't have to worry about disownment :)","relief"
"You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.","neutral"
"Thank you sm","gratitude"
"Such a good story. Im now a grown man, crying at work... on reddit.","admiration"
"Sweet summer child","neutral"
"What type would you classify House from House M. D.? (T. V. SHOW BUT OK","neutral"
"Always toward absent lovers love's tide stronger flows.","love"
"I appreciate that there's correct number of YES in there. It's so rare.","admiration"
"A royal with creme","admiration"
"I love this post so much. Really drives the point home and made me laugh!","love"
"And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.","disapproval"
"It is physically impossible for [NAME] to get bad skins.","disapproval"
"This actually happened but no one clapped","optimism"
"almost [NAME] can do it !!","approval"
"And we missed the playoffs the next year","neutral"
"That's a low bar, I haven't met a single one that had anything more than second hand knowledge of the tenancy act.","neutral"
"I don't care about him at all. 😤😤😤","annoyance"
"I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest. ","disgust"
"What if she’s also the franchise owner who likes to get to know her customers better?","neutral"
"Hey you need that fifth DPS player that just keeps feeding or that bastion on attack.","curiosity"
"Thought it looked weird as well.","disgust"
"love em or hate em I think we can all agree that was blatant PI","love"
"RantGrumps in a damn nutshell","neutral"
"Thanks I will try to delete the multiples. Good luck on everything.","gratitude"
"They look purple on my screen. But yes, tacky.","approval"
"v0.1.2 should have multiple versions, one of which preserves 1RN. Additional info on the linked page.","realization"
"Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].","annoyance"
"So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.","gratitude"
"Just keep on digging.","desire"
"Normally don't like telling people the value of their opinion, but this opinion... Is 100% correct carry on ","approval"
"Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.","optimism"
"LMFAO now [NAME] is trying to pin it on [NAME] 😂","curiosity"
"That’s what I ended up doing lol","amusement"
"I am for socialised health care but how exactly would that solve long wait times?","neutral"
"We also blame their money","anger"
"No fucking clue","neutral"
"The first guy had his balls covered, he knew.","neutral"
"That's clearly a clickbait title. Chances are it didn't actually happen.","approval"
"Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.","neutral"
"Beet Juice and strawberries on top to hide the ugly blob looking thing on top?","neutral"
"How are they gatekeeping here? There's zero claims being made. They're just standing by a sign.","annoyance"
"Only until security finds it stuffed with coke.","realization"
"did a fanspeak mock, wow I wish this would go down for us","excitement"
"I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.","admiration"
"I guess its the 9th largest city in the country but it it weird to group them together","disgust"
"You've been promoted to branch-manager!","neutral"
"Well that's because you're close-minded. But meh. I don't need your respect. ;)","annoyance"
"holy shit that's bad, maybe the extremist right can't meme either?","anger"
"Aren't we back where we started? I'd say that if you're OK with animal torture, you're a pretty cruel person.","neutral"
"I want to say I'm shocked. I'm not. Disgusted, but not shocked.","disgust"
"Someone did. The person who impregnated them. Humans don't reproduce asexually, you can't just make yourself pregnant","neutral"
"#YES.","neutral"
"I'd get the call of the void way too hard here.","neutral"
"Well, I can only assume that you've discovered the delicious style of Islay scotch.","joy"
"hahaha. I was/am honestly surprised that is the only time I've heard of a parent calling a rapid.","surprise"
"Are you here to solve my catsup problem?","curiosity"
"Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.","caring"
"He’s fine for a 3rd string.","neutral"
"So jealous lol we don't get to enjoy in TN :(","amusement"
"Resetting a dislocated knee hurts like hell but it feels a lot better immediately after.","relief"
"If they bolt its a feature.","neutral"
"### Because Shaggy IS such a powerful being","approval"
"ok, im curious to the origins of this gif. what live performance was this at?","curiosity"
"They’ve performed it live together so maybe you’ve heard that.","approval"
"Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.","admiration"
"Mine is Woman by [NAME] 😂 I get the chills when I hear that song. Maybe it is a hymn?","curiosity"
"DRAG HER QUEEN","neutral"
"What's ridiculous is this stupid post and this asinine idea that white people are these constant victims","disgust"
"Dangerously close to paganophile, so be careful of your spelling for fear of extreme confusion...","confusion"
"Well I mean OP said this was a year ago, I meant that they could STILL press charges.","neutral"
"Weird, I thought I had a different twitter handle than that","disgust"
"That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!","disappointment"
"haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.","curiosity"
"When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!","annoyance"
"you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry","sadness"
"[NAME], that's pretty damn good for a state like Virginia, which, although not a swing state anymore, was red not so long ago. ","surprise"
"I feel like I already knew, I just needed to have someone else tell me to really open up my eyes. Thank you for your comment","gratitude"
"I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.","approval"
"Have you actually seen the pictures of her scratches? There’re not on her stomach at all, they’re on her side and back.","realization"
"Lets see how [NAME] goes in Round 6","neutral"
"And I never had the idea to keep anything. Too creepy. Maybe our multiple Liberator pillows....","embarrassment"
"It’s ok to go to bed with that drip tonight.","approval"
"Yeah mason wasps are nasty little Tucker’s.","disgust"
"Because it’s more fun?","amusement"
"Kinda. And thank you. I'm curious about those files and film and fotos you mentioned.","curiosity"
"But some people are not on that subreddit, he is just reminding all the people in the [NAME] faction","realization"
"[NAME] injury, [NAME] coming back, leivo trade. Quite a few moving pieces","neutral"
"I like [NAME]..","love"
"As I said, the justification needs to be found outside of a separate measure of support.","admiration"
"Ohhhh, that makes sense. Cheers mate ","excitement"
"It's the physical pain, mostly, I think. Maybe with cbd stuff getting big and easy to get now it'll taper down?","confusion"
"Ok I tried to search the sub... is it too late to get a flair? It won’t work for me","disappointment"
"dom will be used as outfield depth","neutral"
"Had no idea Belgrade was suffering so","sadness"
"That's the spirit 🤣 for me it's more about strangers wanting to hug me. But you do you 😎","admiration"
"I would try rubbing alcohol, high percentage. Looks greasy to me.","neutral"
"This is a fact","neutral"
"If you've ever heard him speak on almost anything he's clearly extremely intelligent even if he's being crass.","admiration"
"I agree 😊","approval"
"One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!","love"
"Me neither. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Freaky mind of mine!","neutral"
"Is she our girl? She makes the chapo bros and [NAME] cult so mad, I think she's the one I'm rooting for above all.","confusion"
"OwOpen up dis is da powice!","neutral"
"Maybe she misheard thirteen as thirty. It's a possibility.","neutral"
"While true, that's not what they're talking about here","disapproval"
"Oh, wow. Hope nothing happens to his arms on the way!","optimism"
"I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.","joy"
"Yes it happened around 2 years ago. I live in Damascus.","neutral"
"Wow, that sounds like it could be great.","gratitude"
">"We're pissed we have been able to pass those savings along to our gas and electric customers. That was the original draft statement.","neutral"
"cool, I never said anything about communism, that's a pretty wild non-sequitur ","amusement"
"The [NAME] work.","neutral"
"Hell of a pass!","neutral"
"Feed her poetry. But in a metaphorical way not in a weird way","neutral"
"Until you see another one you like lol","neutral"
"Not even the original","neutral"
"Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming","desire"
"As a guess: Didn't want to exit, but wasn't about to stay put after hitting another truck.","confusion"
"[NAME], I hate [NAME].","annoyance"
"It's "soaked, frostbitten chic!"","anger"
"That’s a terrible amount of bp for 11 kills","fear"
"That's the impression I've always had, but man the owner gets snippy if you disagree on your review!","neutral"
"This is honestly the cherry on top of the cake with this story. That's absolutely hilarious!","amusement"
"Oh I gets it. Sort of wished these two guys were more of on the same page.","neutral"
"Reading this made me pretty damn happy. Congrats hope it works out for you two.","excitement"
"This person shouldn't be allowed to drive ever again.","annoyance"
"Feeling this so hard right now. Virtual hug.","joy"
"That’s my favorite insult ever","disappointment"
"Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles","neutral"
"It’s a pretty good guess for most college students in the south in my experience.","admiration"
"Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.","love"
"[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.","neutral"
"LOL thats right, your wait for someone to hand everything to you. LOL","amusement"
"Dear lord this woman is awful","disgust"
"Do you still have the video?","curiosity"
"Predicted almost exactly what was going to happen. Still got me.","optimism"
"I hope they bring him back. Last year was awesome","desire"
"Kinda sad but... Okay then","sadness"
"Omg! There's one in every family. And every classroom.","surprise"
"What is scary?","fear"
"He doesn’t have to say anything, [NAME] needs to keep these things private.","neutral"
"Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this","gratitude"
"Catch him in the act. SPIDER-MAN WITH HIS HANDS IN A COOKIE JAR.","desire"
"Oh [NAME]....","neutral"
"Thank you for the detailed response. It’s about time I worry about making myself happy rather than them.","gratitude"
"Wish this applied to TPS's","desire"
"If everyone else can figure this out, then I don't see why it's so implausible for the US.","disapproval"
"Oh man, dream date right there. Zoo then sushi?? Yes please. ","neutral"
"That [NAME] part killed me!","disappointment"
"If they could get a psychologist/therapist maybe they would have a better life.","neutral"
"Because I am stressed out and need to take my mind away from the source of stress. That's how my brain tricks me into it.","disappointment"
"It's pretty clear if you understand basic math.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were amazingly cute when both were in their awkward phase where no one had the guts to step forward.","fear"
"Eat the damn rich already!","excitement"
"What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(","disapproval"
"I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.","excitement"
"the pharma part killed me","approval"
"This was probably one of the best videos I’ve ever seen on Reddit. What an amazing story. Job well done. RIP Chief.","admiration"
"You know what that means... ...**[NAME] IS IN [NAME] BOX**","neutral"
"COUNT YOUR CALORIES. EAT ABOVE YOUR TDEE EVERY DAY AND YOU WILL GAIN WEIGHT. IT'S SCIENCE.","neutral"
"FYI… the [NAME] has these in their kitchen in “ That 70s Show.”","neutral"
"Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?","anger"
"Disguising your feelings behind humor is not really a unique coping strategy, isn't it? ","realization"
"This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.","disgust"
"This is why nobody takes feminism seriously!","surprise"
"Big big thonk","neutral"
"No Brexit is also an option.","disapproval"
"Hate to tell you, but it was inspired by a real girl [[NAME]] ","disappointment"
"Thanks so much for this pic! It’s even funnier the third time in ten minutes it’s posted here.","amusement"
"Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!","curiosity"
"Same! I was like wth was she trying to go for. NOT a good look for her.","curiosity"
"That's that frequency dying in your ears. Enjoy it, because you will never hear that exact frequency again","joy"
"He really likes racism","neutral"
"[NAME] so is mine! I bought so much damn clothes with the money I earned. A year later...I've grown out of all of them","approval"
"You only had to look on the side bar for those and many more.","neutral"
"It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true "faith."","embarrassment"
"Reading some of the stories on this sub make me appreciate my family more.","admiration"
"I like how adamant you are that you didnt woosh yourself","love"
"Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much","sadness"
"How did your consultation go? I would really love to hear what it was like. I'm starting to think about my future consult too.","curiosity"
"[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.","admiration"
"I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)","joy"
"I AM THE GOLDEN GOD","neutral"
"I’m really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!","approval"
"Then, why include any indication of gender or sex at all?","neutral"
"I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball","approval"
"We, battered UT fans, thank you.","gratitude"
"Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse","anger"
"Jokes on [NAME]. I only use Facebook to follow the defectives.","neutral"
"Anyone that actually takes the train daily can tell you that. And I do feel its getting worse.","anger"
"“Stop replying to me as I send you a message first!” Oh, meat eaters ❤️","anger"
"Sure but the news article with [NAME] vanishing has been there since the very beginning.","neutral"
"Hahaha was this the guy, OP?","amusement"
"Option 1. If I'm ever stranded somewhere the only I'll need to worry about is finding fresh water.","neutral"
"I don't know what that means, nor do I care. ","confusion"
"Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description","approval"
"Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.","caring"
"Wear some cool shades in your pics and play up your good qualities in your bio. If you’re funny and/or confident, really own it.","neutral"
"YOU STOLE MY GODDAMN COMMENT! <3","excitement"
"I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!","confusion"
"I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.","amusement"
"It wouldn't be my dog because they'll be on a leash as I said- their dumbasses would go get hit by cars","annoyance"
"True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.","approval"
"9-3 in first straw vote? i was not aware of that.","neutral"
"Worst advice ever. This would piss me off.","anger"
"Wow, who can afford this one? ","amusement"
"It’s showing up on mobile aswell, the double slash is weird for me though, probably on his end","neutral"
"[NAME] gets a little overwhelmed and starts holding everyone. I thought we had a penalty for sure!","neutral"
"If you would do exactly as that kid did - then you will never get it. You’re defending a smug little asshole.","caring"
"Seriously, way to miss the point. Even if no liquid falls from their eyes, they suffer immensely.","neutral"
"Heroin definetley isn't safer than Ritalin. The whole reason people prefer prescription drugs are because they are cleaner, thus safer","neutral"
"Ty for introducing me to The Barberettes, friend! The taste is *superb*","gratitude"
"we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.","disapproval"
"we go!","neutral"
"You're a normie in loner's clothing. If you think that most of us haven't tried all of the above already, you're sorely mistaken.","neutral"
"Oh my good lord. I just somethinged over his highlight reel.","surprise"
"Thanks my boet","gratitude"
"Keep your expectations low and you're less likely to be disappointed?","approval"
"I wish that was a thing 😅","desire"
"Good night! Glad you got your power back!","gratitude"
"I knew I recognized this road! Damn, glad she's okay.","caring"
"You can listen in the longer vid, chat brings that point up and he addresses the differences. ","neutral"
"Only season 1 of sense 8 is worth watching.","neutral"
"The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment","gratitude"
"It's how the government treats them.","neutral"
"Roll Tide. In my house is [NAME], [NAME], and then everything else. Or something along those lines. /s","neutral"
"Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!","disappointment"
"So people will support him in this fake news quick reaction political environment","approval"
"But we’re talking about some lady that obviously looks older and is far above the age of 21. Not a minor.","realization"
"The trouble is, he ate the ice-cream anyway. Some fucking moral fortitude right there.","admiration"
"I don't remember this happening","neutral"
"Prove he harassed them. If there was actual evidence, I would imagine at least one of the kids would’ve put up a video. ","neutral"
"You describe yourself as your knowledge of Asian languages stopping at knowing they exist? How did you know it was Mandarin then? That's impressive.","admiration"
"I feel like I have to call bs on this one. I hope lol","optimism"
"Never would’ve guessed that one.","neutral"
"One of my 56 favourites","admiration"
"Yep, all the mentally light-lifting folks will flock to that instead of her cautiously pushed out 70% tax rate.","approval"
"Missed it by 4 minutes","neutral"
"I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]","approval"
"What kind of dog is this?","confusion"
"are delicious mass produced perogies.","approval"
"And I can't call the capitol switchboard to express my concern about this because the government is shut down. Awesome.","admiration"
"What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.","annoyance"
"I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!","curiosity"
"My hope is gone, too. Sounds like we've both tried over, and over, and over again. When do the realisations hit you?","disappointment"
"Help, help, I'm being repressed!","fear"
"Take a really cold bath before you go to class.","caring"
"She always looks sticky.","disgust"
"What? Shut up?","anger"
"No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺","neutral"
"Duck fuck goose","neutral"
"She looks like a televangelist.","realization"
"I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.","disgust"
"It sounds like that’s the bigger problem here.","realization"
"Man I love reddit.","love"
"Weird flex, but ok","disgust"
"Reading this made me happy and I don't even know you. Keep doing your thing!🙌🏼","desire"
"Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.","amusement"
"Not cheating and not using exploits is honorable. Other opinions are not relevant imo.","disapproval"
"Guess you dont regard consent very much. We oughtta keep an eye on you","caring"
"Nope. You’re sad because I’m right.","approval"
"Because they enjoy their toxic umoderated cesspool, apparently. Either way i'm done trying to care.","anger"
"I’m easy going, I take everything with a smile. People around me often comments how I’m always in a good mood. ","optimism"
"I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest. ","caring"
"Yes and quite alot of reasons building up. Me, people, past. I hope you will be ok.","caring"
"[NAME] is a vile excuse for a human being and a stereotypical, alt-right, [NAME] supporter.","neutral"
"Not necessarily, plenty of people in my small town that will buy your food stamps.","realization"
"Please keep going, this is just making you look worse","neutral"
"U guys are super cute together.","love"
"Unhhh has not been funny for a while now. This is definitely a terrible idea.","disapproval"
"About fucking time ordering ASAP","disgust"
"I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.","annoyance"
"It’s very difficult for men to have platonic friendships with women. Unfortunately it’s just part of life.","sadness"
"I’m afraid too. It’s the not knowing what will happen that scares me.","fear"
"I'm guessing that it maybe due to being overwhelmed w/ responses and having a relatively small staff to go through all the forms.","neutral"
"Goldfish are awesome pets, they are cheaper to replace than they are to feed! :D","admiration"
"I mean... it's horrible and all, but isn't it also a record high every year..?","surprise"
"When I think about [NAME] and [NAME] at the same time I get a fucking aneurysm from the stupidity.","annoyance"
"Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.","remorse"
"If you bought it from Levi’s I think they do it for free at their flagship store","neutral"
"That's what we're doing. It's just on my weeks I'd have to drop them off to her to take to daycare.","caring"
"Right, ok thank you.","gratitude"
"Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.","love"
"If people don't act the way I want it is because they have bad reasons. Lol","amusement"
"Thanks for the info, appreciate it. ","gratitude"
"He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.","neutral"
"“Rein get in there!” That’s all I see","neutral"
"Fuck that, take some actual gold, bruh.","neutral"
"I can’t believe only 3 people pet the cat. Not even the cameraman pet the cat!","annoyance"
"These refs are [NAME] awful. Find a new job","annoyance"
"That's the best thing about free will, you don't need an excuse.","admiration"
"Similar but I don't think identical to this","confusion"
"oh man clicking 2 buttons before you read an article, the absolute horror","fear"
"Just smile and wave boys. Smile and wave.","optimism"
"It’s such a horrible argument I’m shocked they still use it.","anger"
"You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.","approval"
"Ahhh, the old "if you don't vote the way I do, you're a big dumb idiot" gambit. ","neutral"
"Lol at the self-own of thinking “literally” is a “big word”, with a cherry of being too stupid to understand the context on top.","amusement"
"Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.","approval"
"Thanks for that..","gratitude"
"They should do it even harder now to spite you","desire"
"This is really cool and well made!","admiration"
"I have no faith, but the theodicy problem has multiple answers, I’m not too concerned with it.","neutral"
"Looks very dry","disapproval"
"Nope.cool !🅱️RO","joy"
"I feel stupid for not looking at her bio, but I do have some more pictures ","realization"
"Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically","anger"
"“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” ","caring"
"I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke","amusement"
"Your comment reminds me of that one satirical GTA V radio ad where the advertiser tries to encourage people to beat their kids. It's kinda funny.","amusement"
"I've unlocked the wrong company truck at a truckstop.","neutral"
"You can cross fuck off, its 10f all winter in wisconsin.","neutral"
"I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!","approval"
"Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog","approval"
"She’s all natural","neutral"
"Sorry, didn't realise I had to mollycoddle your feefees. ","remorse"
"Please stop cussing.","desire"
"Proof of age is reasonable, but having to prove identity to enter is just appalling.","optimism"
"Lol so petty, I kinda love it. I probably wouldn’t actually do that but it’s tempting.","admiration"
"HAHA WE ACTUALLY ARE TERRIBLE","disgust"
"At the very least our shithousery is better, and I highly doubt there's any [NAME] who can outda the da's on here","annoyance"
"Wow sold out during break without most of the students. Don't know how they'll fit the students in once we're back","realization"
"For sure. I am infatuated with sharks, and much of that obsession comes from absolute fear haha. ","fear"
"[NAME] wasn't apart of that team. That was [NAME]","neutral"
"She just turned her kid into a stew","neutral"
"Here. I didn’t delete it, but rather changed my tumblr name.","neutral"
"And when guys your age are getting to be too old for long term contracts.","neutral"
"I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly happened. I'm sorry you're having these problems. 🙁","realization"
"This is the sweetest.","admiration"
"Not predictable enough to ever pull it out at the beginning of a round","neutral"
"Sell all bch for bitcoin and hope for a bull run. Best decision you probably will make in your life.","optimism"
"Should've gotten a prenup.","neutral"
">+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.","disgust"
"I forgot about the "perks" of a growing subreddit.","neutral"
"We'd never lose again with him giving the crazy eyes to anybody who makes a mistake.","realization"
"All spreadsheeters are killers but not all killers are spreadsheeters 💡","disapproval"
"**Post submission rules** * No compilations, unless all videos are from the same driver or cam or car.","joy"
"Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?","curiosity"
"Damn, we barley made it out of the Rockets game with a win according to that graph. ","disappointment"
"No I did not. Cool","neutral"
"I think you missed a "ba"","neutral"
"It's not because you killed the chicken. Kill another one and see if that happens again.","neutral"
"Sounds good.","approval"
"Unfortunately, I don't. Sorry. 😔","remorse"
"[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.","anger"
"I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.","anger"
"Just ask him what he’s looking for. It might be awkward but honesty is the best policy. Good luck!","approval"
"[NAME]? For real?","neutral"
"[NAME] chatting with a kid while waiting to come out for the stars of the game. What a great guy.","admiration"
"I thought I was the only woman who felt this way. I'm glad I'm not alone.","gratitude"
"I do have a drain beside the water heater, thanks I'll look into getting a drain pan.","neutral"
"I just started watching Brooklyn 99 this week and was looking for this reference. Thank you.","gratitude"
"HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.","love"
"I'm curious who those four are? You can't count [NAME], because he never "endorsed" him.","curiosity"
"> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha","amusement"
"oh stop IT","anger"
"Can we not say "Team [NAME]" or "Team [NAME]" etc. That's too close to us style politics for my likes...","curiosity"
"Holy shit this golden comment flew under the radar. I laughed so hard","amusement"
"We got a great view around 9pm before the rain!","optimism"
"Nothing wrong with a USL draft, if they play well in USL and develop further there's no reason an MLS couldn't sign them afterwards.","neutral"
"**Iowa’s best player is out** I would simply avoid this game as we haven’t seen Iowa play without [NAME]","admiration"
"[NAME] follows me on Instagram so it's ok.","approval"
"You could be right!","neutral"
"Great piece, thanks for sharing.","admiration"
"I'd say that the vast majority of the population is and was rightly looked on as horrific. Christmas music makes me feel like a real [NAME].","neutral"
"this is bad","disappointment"
"Damn, my therapists have been ripping themselves off for years taking mine then have a good day sweetheart. ","caring"
"Oh alright fair enough haha. If the sabres dont pan out I'll root for him also!","amusement"
"Friends for eternity! Loyalty, honesty!","approval"
"Yeah they are! I didn't realize that, it must be the case. Thanks!","approval"
"I did this with tuna salad. I already ate tuna a lot (at the time) and it’s a decently blank slate.","relief"
"Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it. ","realization"
"Yes!!! It shows insecurity... automatically swipe left","neutral"
"Wasn't it 2005 after [NAME] call back?","neutral"
"I get Botox for migraine and my eyebrows don’t do this ... she looks like she is on drugs .","disappointment"
"I know. My question was if they **used** to compete in T5-TTT2.","curiosity"
"As a personal agent of entropy in this world: Damn, what laptop do you use?","disappointment"
"Warning to all new comers, you are likely to experience Delayed Onset Muscle Sadness.","neutral"
"Dude, wtf is this?","annoyance"
"Because I am a human, and I can do whatever I want, as long as it's not against the law","pride"
"There's no infiltration. [NAME] is their friend. Have been for many years.","neutral"
"I’m glad to see [NAME] finally get the big screen presence they deserve.","admiration"
"I'm sorry to hear about what your sister did to you. I'm glad my videos could be of help!","optimism"
"I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch. ","admiration"
"Good minutes from bayless","admiration"
"Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!","caring"
"Depending on where you live he can be temporarily placed with you or more stable family members until CPS determines that his living situation is either safe or unsafe.","caring"
"A divided Korea, is a divided Asia. The day Korea re-unites, will be the day Asia gets back control of their own destiny.","approval"
"Is it that confusing to understand a food layerd with meat chees pasta aand sos we call lasagna","confusion"
"I dm'ed you","neutral"
"It's because you're dizzy from lack of oxygen.","neutral"
"I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying","annoyance"
"Lmao it wasn’t free, we were stealing","neutral"
"That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.","fear"
"All that shows is them loaning money when Liverpool make losses, which seems to have happened more than any of us realised. We don't make a loss","realization"
"What a garbage post","disgust"
"Is that the hot sauce she keeps in her bag?","curiosity"
"This was a decade ago.","neutral"
"Or dry them and press them into a book!","neutral"
"He wasn't being a jerk he was playing .they are friends you can tell by the way they interacted","neutral"
"Feeling your pain. I was laid off due to our department closing the week after Thanksgiving. Good luck to you. Stay strong.","caring"
"Talking about my feelings.","neutral"
"Also in response to /u/hyunL. There was. Among other things such as vocally wanting rape to be legalized, "breeding" farms, among other things. ","approval"
"I read this In his singing voice. Amazing.","admiration"
"1-2-3-4 I declare a thumb war! Dangit [NAME], you win again! Ok you get to stab me again :(","sadness"
"I'm here with a devil axe and 34 Krit chance. And my killer axe just broke.","neutral"
"There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.","anger"
"I (26SM) love women with rings. It is such a turn on knowing that she is married.","joy"
"We’re honouring good King Billy. That’s also how we decided which [NAME] brother to buy.","admiration"
"In my opinion, there should have never been a canon character... Maybe keeping it a mystery would be the BEST!","admiration"
"7-1 ISNT A RIVALRY. [NAME] WIN A FEW MORE AND THEN WE CAN BE FRENEMIES","disapproval"
"I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit","anger"
"What's your point? All these comments are from people who clearly had not seen it before. Only a couple said they had.","excitement"
"Too bad they lost.","disappointment"
"If money's not a problem for you and you badly need to get braces then go for it, the sooner the faster your teeth can get adjusted.","caring"
"Woman here - $50 per orgasm please! I could easily make $300 in a half hour wankfest...","neutral"
"Didn't know they were doing matches on smaller pitch in the combine to see how they do with less reaction time. Thought that was interesting.","neutral"
"He's not wrong though.","approval"
"Selam Aleikum wa arrahmatulla wa baraktu Say [NAME] please renew my Iman in prayers it will inshalla help","neutral"
"“YOU KNOW HOW LONG IT TOOK ME TO GET THERE HUMAN?!”","neutral"
"I actually didn’t know that the White House Mess existed, is run by the Navy, and still running. That just makes this even weirder.","realization"
"Df1 masterrace. Noctis on 3 bar is bullshit though.","neutral"
"Haaaaa this was just on OZ the other night. Thanks.","gratitude"
"The guy they picked to play smoothie was great. Made me feel uncomfortable at every opportunity.","neutral"
"I know. Honestly, I'm applying to other districts. Tired of 56 miles round trip daily for a miserable job. ","nervousness"
"Unfortunately, successful and rich people blame foreigners too :(","disappointment"
"Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.","approval"
"Spam this dude with happy birthdays","neutral"
"Go your own way, loser. ","caring"
"the laycount is legit buds @IAMTHESmoothOperator","admiration"
"It would be a little less irritating if the 10 cents you pay if you want some paper bags didn't go to the government as a tax.","annoyance"
"oops, my bad.","sadness"
"You have no legs to stand on to accuse me of such.","disappointment"
"You too! (FYI I accidentally initially replied in a new comment, in case you didn’t see my other reply)","embarrassment"
"It has to include a scene where Polio ruins his childhood. And he learns about raid low-irritant spray. Because that’s a thing I remember.","neutral"
"Half our NATO partners have banned them or are in the process of doing so. I am confident we will do the right thing.","optimism"
"Saving for later","desire"
"No means no? What does that mean between she and I though? When she's doing someone else","curiosity"
"Omfg. I meant [NAME]","approval"
"Good night! Glad you got your power back!","gratitude"
"To be fair how often has someone drafted in the top 5 not immediately joined the team.","curiosity"
"I mean, DC metro area has ***three times*** Pittsburgh's population, so. Again, relatively, Pittsburgh's is worse.","annoyance"
"Imperial is already messy and hard to understand","disapproval"
"I’m sorry if you’re comparing institutionalized slavery where you can murder thousands to community service you’re an asshat","disapproval"
"lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12","joy"
"I took Hawaii ML and even I'm clenching.... this is INSANE","disgust"
"You can slice it anyway. If it has sugar or heavy sugar than tax it or go for specific categories like soda and candy etc.","neutral"
"Good luck!!! 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜","approval"
"Just curious, why would that matter? Acting is playing a role, so how is it important that the character and the actor match orientations? ","curiosity"
"yes but you will look like you've never lifted a day in your life without a pump","confusion"
"I went there for the first time not long ago, just to experience it for myself. I wont be going back.","neutral"
"I came. So smooth. So brutal.","neutral"
"I felt that way last year and then the Patriots let me down, so best to take no chances.","neutral"
"FYI killing yourself is god-tier lib ownage","neutral"
"You'd look like that too if you just saw Snagglepuss going to the bathroom.","neutral"
"This post and thread are killing me","fear"
"Honestly wouldnt be bad if they just removed the handle","disapproval"
"RIGHT?! My mom would literally never forgive the bitch 😂","amusement"
"It's absolutely beautiful","admiration"
"y meme when the news memes for u?","confusion"
"[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4","disappointment"
"if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.","disappointment"
"100%. This is made up. If her claim was true, she'd have it on video. ","approval"
"I have no idea if this is sarcasm...","confusion"
"Thanks kindly!","gratitude"
"Not enough accurate data on [NAME] civil to stay true to their identity unless they want to make a Spanish invasion related storyline","neutral"
"Because on a visa, I get 3 months of unemployment and I used up 2.5 when I got out of school first. ","realization"
"I always thought the swat was trash because I was looking at the MP TTK and only did I realise recently that MP guns and BO guns handle differently","realization"
"I would love that, I kind of miss him","annoyance"
"Lets hope he gets a good birthday game ☺","optimism"
"I recently ate here and it changed my life. Get the steak sandwich with roasted peppers and goat cheese. You will not regret it.","admiration"
"You could feel all his life flowing into your body","neutral"
"Knew you weren't from here. I don't believe your story though.","disapproval"
"This is awesome. But also r/dontdeadopeninside","admiration"
"Good luck, and godspeed.","caring"
"My hunch is, this is not the first or last wedding this bar has seen","neutral"
"Oof, thanks","gratitude"
"“Brave” is one way of describing it","neutral"
"No worries. Glad you like it","love"
"We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.","annoyance"
"Thank you :) I'll try to stay positive","gratitude"
"Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.","disapproval"
"I think calling it a “meme” gives these idiots a little too much credit. They’re just weird caricatures done by alt-right idiots","embarrassment"
"What does the buzz feel like?","confusion"
"Damn I WANT to hear this!!!","anger"
"Badass mom of the year moment. My mom has surprised me like that too. Awesome man","joy"
"That's great, keep fighting the good fight!","admiration"
"That hurt too much to watch twice.","sadness"
"Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.","love"
"If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.","annoyance"
"I personally wish that they stuck with the spin offs but if their happy I’m good.👌","neutral"
"I was reading up last night and it's a mixed bag. Exercise can help with the depressive episodes, but it can make the manic episodes worse.","disgust"
"What, again? This stupid country!","anger"
"Weird how analgesic is the opposite of what I might’ve guessed it to mean","neutral"
"Sorry, realized I hadn’t answered the question lol. Was typing that when your response popped. ","remorse"
"This is his worst season since his rookie year","disgust"
"Are we in agreement that this would be out of bounds if true?","neutral"
"My cat just attacked me for treats and scratched me on the finger. If this affects my typing, he's in so much trouble.","anger"
"So what's so funny about what you just said?","anger"
"Guys message got deleted, what did he say? ","curiosity"
"Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four","caring"
"You said the words I couldn’t find in my head. That’s what I was trying to say the whole time! Thank you.","gratitude"
"Besides this and diablo immortal what else did this recently? I feel like there was one more big one but I cant remember what it was.","confusion"
"Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.","embarrassment"
"My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad","disappointment"
"The fufure is not written! But my skateboard career is!","approval"
"Thanks, I hate it.","annoyance"
"oh thats a good one ;)","admiration"
"No worries. Have a nice day.","caring"
""And then you divorce them and date your stepsister."","neutral"
"Alas, Windows, so I'll go a-hunting. Thanks for the info, though!","gratitude"
"Maybe your just a side character in your own life.","disapproval"
"Cheers, mate! I know you can do it! :)","optimism"
"I only watch bad animes sorry","sadness"
"Really? I find being left alone better than being harassed, honestly.","sadness"
"[NAME] should give him a little tough love","neutral"
"“Little dumb” ugh how awful","disgust"
"I was hoping this day would","optimism"
"I know logically that I haven't gained real weight but overeating both weekend days makes me feel like I have. I drive me crazy sometimes.","approval"
"[NAME] You are freaking fast","neutral"
"These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.","disapproval"
"Bold of you to assume that I have two other friends","neutral"
"The blonde bitch must go 👱‍♀️ this is clearly the land of brunettes","annoyance"
"It always comes down to not accepting who they are themselves so it's pretty much 100% of it.","approval"
"Themmuns have everywhere infiltrated so they do !","neutral"
"Kind of wierd to wield something you agree with someone on as a weapon against them","fear"
"I suppose I failed to lay the sarcasm on thick enough, should have gone with the full billion dollar contract... Oh well, live and learn! lol ","amusement"
"Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one","approval"
"It would be a total Millen/Mayhew pick...","neutral"
"It actually takes less clicks now to get a full stack of items than before.","neutral"
"Yes, I am 100% superior to [NAME]. If you're not, I'm sorry ","approval"
"And of course, instead of calling out the men responsible for this behavior, the "Not all men" crowd has arrived in full force.","annoyance"
"Based on the damage","neutral"
"love you too.","love"
"What’s not true, exactly? That population differences affect influence? That politicians know where their voters are and play to those strengths? ","neutral"
"Go buy groceries and don't spend another dime for an entire week. Please....","neutral"
"You always listen to Pizza! ... especially pizza with pineapple on it!","neutral"
"thank you very much, i do not care for it one bit","gratitude"
"Agreed. And I like how far you can see into the distance","love"
"Yes, once I even deleted my account because I was so nervous about down votes. Lately,every once in a while I comment encouraging good attitude.","nervousness"
"Welcome. Brooklyn > Manhattan anyways","approval"
"Me too, but unlike phones humans can „life“ without the other","neutral"
"Congratulations, the most poorly written video game story in history made you think twice. You must be a genius. ","admiration"
"You have much to learn","caring"
"Good assumption there except for the part where I didn't vote for the guy.","admiration"
"Oh nice, that sounds convenient!","admiration"
"time to stop concerning yourself with brexiteers and start worrying about what went so wrong in the EU before more countries decide to depart","remorse"
"That Burberry?","curiosity"
"If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.","neutral"
"Oof this hits home","relief"
"He'll be Ousted soon !","approval"
"Which is fair. But they're not respecting you.","disapproval"
"When the etiquette "shitpost" is 100% accurate","admiration"
"Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.","amusement"
"Dream market is also down for me in the USA","approval"
"Brown woman bad","neutral"
"I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger","embarrassment"
"good to hear my man!","joy"
"Yeah, local subs are always like this massive turf war between various astroturf factions. It's kind of bizarre. ","neutral"
"I thought you were making a joke about AI not taking over while asking a bot to remind you ;)","realization"
"Oh come on, you can't mention Psi-Ops without linking the theme song!","disapproval"
"Everything that isn't harsh noise is normie trash","neutral"
"[NAME] and others claim he was boxed in and had to call it. I think it was a mix of naivety, cockiness and flippancy. ","neutral"
"8,000 jobs created in Frankfurt. Such a bright future","admiration"
"You thought wrong. Also, the answer is Caribbean Splash Car Wash on Clarksville Pike. I'm not even kidding.","approval"
"If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.","confusion"
"Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh","disapproval"
"No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom","disapproval"
"If money's not a problem for you and you badly need to get braces then go for it, the sooner the faster your teeth can get adjusted.","neutral"
"Lol I saw a comment on this article that said "but who released the measles germs into the public? 🤔"","amusement"
"This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.","disapproval"
"I’d be very concerned if the posts on this sub were coming from 7 year olds.","caring"
"That weighs heavy on the heart, I’m so sorry for your loss","grief"
"YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!","anger"
""bussy full of beans" is an earth-shattering phrase","approval"
"I have literally been waiting for a “ [NAME]” I’m from Ontario Canada and love Texas.","love"
"Removed? Damn no respect.","anger"
"I work from home but I still get up early for me time. House is nice and quiet at 6am.","admiration"
"Hahahahaha, no there isn't. Thank god. Tell your friend he's an idiot for us.","amusement"
"If you’re downloading from windows I believe so","approval"
"Nice, Butt Stallion just chilling in the background","admiration"
"Before the ~~Empire~~ MousePire. ooo ooo Mouse Pyre ! lol","neutral"
"Been refreshing for days hoping for the Munchak news!","neutral"
"Do all you can. Really everything is put in perspective, my work seems very unimportant right now. ","approval"
"All the plans I have seen proposed were over 5 years. This is a crazy one time jump.","confusion"
"I don’t understand why you got a couple downvotes. I found your comment quite funny.","amusement"
"Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.","approval"
"Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before. ","optimism"
"Love the headline though","love"
"I think it's ridiculous that we continue to pay taxes to fund paychecks that federal workers aren't receiving.","anger"
">No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.","amusement"
"It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !","caring"
"She has some really good dance moves honestly!","neutral"
"Playing hard to get","desire"
"Hardcore Henry.","gratitude"
"If they lightbulb doesn’t change then it’s racist, sexist, Nazi scum. Am democrat just playing along. ","anger"
"This show and its always sunny for me","neutral"
"Pretty sure you don't know what "hurt" means","neutral"
"Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him","disappointment"
"I am glad that the message touched you, I really am.","relief"
"Don't debate is probably the worst advice one can give. It's like saying: "obey blindly. Don't question us."","disgust"
"Is there much of a population? I wanted to play it back in The day and then they changed it into an almost entirely new game.","curiosity"
"Too easy. I’m selling at $18k on Jan 12, 2021 so I can be pissed at myself for not selling the top","anger"
"Horray for Persona","neutral"
"Over 9000 IQ Tracer. Cheers love.","joy"
"we love critical impactful discourse","love"
"What is up with the phone tho","annoyance"
"**YOU CANNOT MURDER ME! IT'S ILLEGAL.**","anger"
"Damn it!","disappointment"
"You’re being downvoted for making a moronic comment - not for your “heroic” efforts here fedora...","disapproval"
"Being bald makes you look younger than you are. Look at [NAME] and [NAME]! The are getting old and yet they look younger.","approval"
"You're free to believe all of that, but we're going to have to wait and see how it actually all plays out.","neutral"
"Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters","disappointment"
"You’re an awful troll...","disgust"
"I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.","neutral"
"How far?","neutral"
"Picture was gorgeous. What TV is that?","admiration"
"> I'm not sure why more people haven't been suggesting a trade like this because it doesn't make sense for the Nets lol","amusement"
"I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye","anger"
"Hahaha damn.","amusement"
"That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women","disgust"
"Wow what a final quarter. [NAME] throwing two intersepts. What a dog","admiration"
"I guess you could say that it was unexpected","approval"
"Me too thanks!","gratitude"
"With those pieces I’d be surprised 😒","surprise"
"I never played as a burglar, so I am not familiar with them XD But, I mean....humans as pets! lol","amusement"
"Just do it!","anger"
"No doubt would start at wing. We need help there and it would help ease him in","neutral"
"true... good luck! You're doing the right thing.","approval"
"Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.","caring"
"Please don't promote your channel","neutral"
"Having fewer friends means having deeper friendships in many cases. I can tell when someone isn't my real friend.","neutral"
"I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx","optimism"
"Old man yells at cloud","neutral"
"I'm honestly so pissed off for you. That whole situation is insane. Good luck moving on. No one deserves to be treated like that.","anger"
"Can a gang member legally citizen arrest someone 🤔","confusion"
"Sounds great! Thanks!","admiration"
"Idk why ur being downvoted, I thought that's funny","amusement"
"of moms give birth BY 30. About 11-13% of women are childless. Please lol some more.","amusement"
"I tried Guinness the other week and it made me gag, what’s different about it to other beer","approval"
"I feel so starved for good content that Ill recommend a show just for being watchable","approval"
"Maybe its the picture but the fabric looks really bad","disapproval"
"Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.","admiration"
"Great, so we know the spanish pronounciation is therefore racist and now I'm offended by it.","joy"
"That's amazing...I have to admit, Google making me do this while on VPN has moved me to Bing. ","admiration"
"This is gold!!!!! Im impressed. Very accurate.","admiration"
"WYA? I'll come through.","approval"
"Is it just me or does the outro hurt your ears. The intro is a whole 12/10 but the outro just seems to hurt","confusion"
"[NAME] Instagram story last night had a Mexican dinner for two cooking at his home. I bet they're already together.","neutral"
"his talk show is pretty great","admiration"
"They’re proud about having liberals make themselves look stupid with covfefe memes.","amusement"
"That's the death mark, Looks like you've been chosen for sacrifice. Sorry bud","remorse"
"You are my beer god thank you haha","gratitude"
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! Thank you.","amusement"
"Tell him you want to talk about it. If he refuses/doesn't have a good explanation, get out of there quick.","caring"
"I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.","disgust"
"and they are indeed made of gold. this seems like reasonable jewelry prices. or at least not out of left field for designer pieces.","approval"
"Apples to oranges. Your perception doesn’t automatically make it wrong.","neutral"
"Totally understand and love this.","admiration"
"Probably. I am surprised Reddit doesn't just purge all right leaning subs.","surprise"
"What? I am aware it isn't permanent. The other legals aren't permanent either.","surprise"
"Wow you really can’t handle losing can you?","confusion"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)","gratitude"
"Oh we know","neutral"
"go commit ultimate punishment","grief"
"The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter? ","anger"
"Dont call your self pansexual if you've never deepthroted a pan.","disapproval"
"[NAME] is the type of point guard the Magic need. Efficient scorer, fast slasher, and great court vision.","neutral"
"Lol I’m just joking the “we did our due diligence part” is prime lynch talk haha","amusement"
"Wonder how many people are walking around with slimey noses trying to figure out if this does work.... Besides me that is","neutral"
"For what...","neutral"
"This is going to end in absolute tears, the days of hoofball dominating the Championship are long gone, you actually need to play football to get anywhere.","nervousness"
"You are going to do the dishes now","approval"
"Those vast differences don't get noticed by the public.","annoyance"
"No.","neutral"
"I just hurked a little in my mouth.","anger"
"I want one....i dont care who.... Unarmed charecter","desire"
"Nah i’d say that it’s reasonable enough to be in mildlyinteresting.","curiosity"
"True, it’s not like she’s the last girl on earth or something haha","amusement"
"“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her","amusement"
"Does he even own a pair of airpods? Broke boi.","curiosity"
"Like you said your tired probably mentally and physically. You need a dam break is what it sounds like my friend.","caring"
"And I thought Honda Civics smell bad on the outside!","neutral"
"[NAME] came a long way since the nervous wreck he was the first year. or.. two.","nervousness"
"It sounds like he doesn't know exactly what he wants and he's taking it out on you.","neutral"
"it is weird, looks like you have awesome internet","admiration"
"At the very least it is an emotional affair or the beginnings of one, with less than truthful explanations.","annoyance"
"Huh, neat ^^^^^^^^^^^^^fuck ^JJ ^tho","neutral"
"It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.","disapproval"
"The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.","fear"
"Best of luck to you too. sorry to hear that. Here's to No contact!!","caring"
"[NAME] is a pretry big role to fill. I hope you do well!","caring"
"Far from it. Name me one player that's ever left NY that we wanted to retain. I'll wait.","desire"
"The bottom comment: >Passing is the gold standard that determines whether you fit the social role of man or woman. [NAME], how regressive. ","confusion"
"You are absolutely loving this and it is sickening to watch. Catch your fucking self on you spastic child.","annoyance"
"Wha? I'd love more background on this.","love"
"After she hands [NAME] the nomination ;)","joy"
"Its had enough of this life and ending it all.","annoyance"
"That's how you can tell she lost consciousness: zero muscle tone.","neutral"
"And don’t tell Uber you ever saw it","neutral"
"I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week! ","amusement"
"Hhhhhh I really want those","neutral"
"I was petrified...","fear"
"Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.","admiration"
""You should have known I was busy...." or some other sort of nonsense that assumes I knew ahead of time. N's, amiright?","neutral"
"Yaaaay!!","excitement"
"I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.","fear"
"That's good to know","admiration"
"the knock off names are super cringey but i love looking for them","joy"
"Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]","anger"
"All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance","disapproval"
"I thought she would run into an axe thrower and barely miss the axe!","optimism"
"If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!","annoyance"
"I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.","admiration"
"What a cuck! But the sword and steal the groceries!","surprise"
"You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].","love"
"Oh? Why'd it reply here not the comment? Did i mess something up?","confusion"
"That’s pretty cool. Bet your dad is *vewy pwoud* he still has his accent!😂","neutral"
"I don't bother diagnosing it in people with BPD. The handful of genuine DIDs that I was referring to were people who didn't have BPD.","nervousness"
"They're all concerned about keeping the human race going. As for reproduction stopping with us, let it be.","neutral"
"Is it only possible for men to be crossdressers? I’ve never heard a woman called that, even if she’s dressed like a man.","surprise"
"and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf","amusement"
"Never lost one. The black one just got trampled on a dance floor and it stopped hitting.","pride"
"Oh yeah, I forgot about the mean one.","neutral"
"Say again?","neutral"
"Ghost them. It’ll drive them crazy and give you the satisfaction","neutral"
"No time like the present to start trying.","approval"
">You're splitting hairs. Owning something vs having something on loan for however long the owner lets you have it is not splitting hairs.","neutral"
"What a dumbass question to start with...","annoyance"
"It's so freaky. I'm a 40 something and the stock photos and really odd taglines are just baffling to me.","disappointment"
">he was riding a bike with my other GUY friend Has nobody noticed it says this","neutral"
"Funny. The only people who have ever attacked me were conservative [NAME].","amusement"
"It happened in back to back home games earlier this season but hasn’t happened since.","annoyance"
"Where the mask inside, too? Are air purifers not good enough for inside? Sorry for the dumb question... Just moved here this week.","curiosity"
"Has anyone ever told you that you look like a young and skinny [NAME]?","neutral"
"What is love","curiosity"
"He's hilarious","amusement"
"I cannot believe a woman in her 30s has never had an orgasm. I would have tried everything on the planet to have one.","surprise"
"the longest week (2014) I don’t know if it’s still available but it was pretty good romantic comedy","approval"
"Dont blame em. They should force change to get done what needs to be done","approval"
"Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...","embarrassment"
"I can’t wait for him to file bankruptcy. His legendary move.","admiration"
"Thank you so much! I know I deserve better, it just hard moving on and knowing that it’s finished.","curiosity"
"My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.","joy"
"He killed... YOUNGLINGS","neutral"
"Understood. Take care.","neutral"
"I'm betting she's 18 or 19 and freaking out about bills. She'll recognize her error years from now and regret it for a long time.","approval"
"> People who aren’t stupid don’t get offended when Called stupid. Exactly. Well put. Thanks.","gratitude"
"I AM CALLING THE POLICE","anger"
"Well what's that old saying, those who can do, do. Those who can't teach. ","nervousness"
"Have some more faith in him, it sounds like your husband is trying his best.","caring"
"It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).","love"
"WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING","anger"
"That was [NAME] not [NAME]","neutral"
"Mind boggling. Truly. This is the same deal SHE negotiated. Why didn't she find out if her party would back it BEFORE she signed it?","approval"
"It's titled "Manhattan!!" And Yankee stadium in *the Bronx* is the only non-Manhattan location ID'd. Classic moron.","neutral"
"say it with me now super star","neutral"
"They played a lot worse on Saturday. Saturday was really, really bad for me.","disappointment"
"I am going to be so happy when they finally air that scaly foot Dr Pimple Popper episode because I’m tired of seeing it every five minutes.","neutral"
"When dunking is your only offensive move you will be efficient. Hope he gets stronger and learns to not be in foul trouble.","approval"
"Phew!!","neutral"
"And yet [NAME] can't even get a pub gig, homeboy was born the wrong colour","annoyance"
"Great quote.","admiration"
"horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards","love"
"My bad on the phrasing, it’s more of a hole with a vent cover ","annoyance"
"toy has lost its value","approval"
"That depends on the area. For a lot places they would need a warrant first.","neutral"
"[NAME] this is pretty funny bit of info he just revealed I guess he showed up and they were like yeah u got final say deal with it","amusement"
"How exciting.","excitement"
"Ahh well too bad, thanks for sharing. ","disappointment"
"Sorry. I read that as newly white and it cracked me up.","sadness"
"It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol","optimism"
"I actually got offered way more pay to stay but no amount of money is worth my mental health. Woot for new beginnings!","disapproval"
"Played Divinity as well. Is Atlantica what I was describing? If so I'll give it a shot indeed. Is it still alive?","neutral"
"Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up","disappointment"
"Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.","sadness"
"More believable than being taped to the underside of a desk for half a day and not being noticed tho","annoyance"
"Today I saved lots and lots of people from being raped by me. Now I really *do* feel created in [NAME] image.","pride"
"We gotta throw the whole world away","annoyance"
"[NAME] also hates selfies","neutral"
"You are right and why you get downvoted?","annoyance"
"I'll wait until he enforces this before I get excited.","excitement"
"This one has been around longer than you, buddy.","neutral"
"Hmmmmm…. I guess. I cant relate to any part of this.","neutral"
"True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government. ","neutral"
"AD thinking bout how if he played for the lakers [NAME] wouldve got thrown out the game","curiosity"
"My main issue with Anarchism (although this should probably go on anarchism_101) is that i don't see a difference between anarchism and syndicalism.","confusion"
"The old bear","neutral"
"Haha so give it a try is what you are saying 😂😂","amusement"
"But teres an increce in autims retas. With tah vaxenes.","approval"
"Be patient. Post intelligent and thoughtful comments on others’ posts and it shouldn’t take more than a few days or a week at most.","neutral"
"I love how everyone is standing, and then [NAME] and [NAME] are leaning over.","neutral"
"From "woohoo!!" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds.","neutral"
"Just because you would laugh, doesn't mean that the guy in the video would.","neutral"
"Lord, he is extra sensitive. And I thought my ex was bad lol. ","amusement"
"I went to high school with [NAME], never would have thought he’d be an isles fan lol","excitement"
"How did you get access to PCTC?","neutral"
"You’re a genius.","admiration"
"I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying","annoyance"
"11 years goddamit I’m old","realization"
"The women-are-wonderful effect.","admiration"
"Has he recieved "Consent of the Congree? Don't deflect, that was the Constitution not CNN. ","curiosity"
"Lots of community theaters have great programs. What part of the valley are you in?","confusion"
"I sincerely hope they'll take good elements from DMC 2 (outfits, [NAME]) and maybe make fun of DmC","optimism"
"Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great","admiration"
"Downvoting because of a lack of funny, regardless of your clumsy attempt to insinuate that my doing so means I'm thin skinned.","disappointment"
"Deadass? Shoook?? Come on [NAME], do you really talk like that? You sound dumb. ","confusion"
"This has to be the 7th time this was posted","neutral"
"This is why you dont brag online and post personal gun pics. It can be used against you in a court of law.","neutral"
"Do you mean they will win 3 championships in 58 years? Otherwise I don’t understand your comment.","confusion"
"correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry","disappointment"
"Why do you guys care so much?","neutral"
"I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED","desire"
"I will never forgive and never forget for this one","anger"
"I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.","admiration"
"Tell him you're scared. Tell him you love him. Get professional help for you and for him.","neutral"
"I'd rather not be in the 90's kid category anyways.","disapproval"
"Watch it!! It's amazing","admiration"
"Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.","joy"
"Oh my *FUCKING* **GOD**!!","surprise"
"I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.","desire"
"AWESOME!!!! I'M GONNA TELL MY MOM HOW EPIC THIS IS AND MAYBE SHE'LL TAKE US TO CHUCK E CHEESE!!!","admiration"
"Nothing and I mean nothing will sway a trump supporter at this point","neutral"
"Ignoring the refs for a second, [NAME] defense always does well against us","disapproval"
"I’m sorry you were down voted. I am asking for real honesty, so thank you for telling yours.","neutral"
"A guava sounds awesome! Totally didn’t even think of that!","admiration"
"i think that's more 10 years old rather than year 10 :)","relief"
"Damn that’s sad","disappointment"
"Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.","annoyance"
"It will probably take him some time to figure out whether he’s really ok with it or not.","curiosity"
"I did not know those were a thing. I need to get one for my pain meds.","desire"
"Sending you love ❤️","joy"
"Need context on this lol. I'm on a Uber rn to a bar so will be drinking right with you!","neutral"
"it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing","amusement"
"Indeed. I thought we are just spoiled, but apparently the phenomena is not exlusive to us.","neutral"
"Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.","optimism"
"That has to be custom, right? I don’t remember them having any editions like this, looks sweet.","admiration"
"Fuck me, that is good. ","anger"
"😀ahhh I see what you did there, clever.","joy"
"No but I've been totally been meaning to I fricking love [NAME]!","love"
"I hate how much I love it","love"
"Where exactly is the irony? His name is not [NAME], and the title, bio, and picture contain no related jokes. ","curiosity"
"We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous","anger"
"Marry her or I will. Cause when my GF sees this comment I'll be pretty single.","love"
"It that where the phrase "what a kroc" came from?","surprise"
"My mother did this. This isn't just a millennial thing.","disgust"
"Possible sad tyre","sadness"
"It makes me uncomfortable for anyone to force physical affection on anybody, it doesn’t matter the age. ","annoyance"
"Okay that was funny lol","amusement"
"Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are","neutral"
"If calling someone “retarded” is perma-bannable, then I should have been perma banned from /r/nfl like 100 times over. ","amusement"
"Where’s the joke? I can’t even figure out why someone would laugh at this.","annoyance"
"So you're saying there's a chance I'm a bot... I don't even know what's real anymore!","neutral"
"Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!","anger"
"Probably a disclaimer so if they're 2mm short and your cut doesn't work, they can just point at the sign and refuse a refund/return/exchange.","neutral"
"Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.","surprise"
"Good luck to you darling. I hope you feel strength and happiness.","optimism"
"I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.","gratitude"
"Oh yeah yeah","approval"
"I get you...","neutral"
"These damn kids with their Rage Against the Machine and their nae-naeing.","neutral"
"When you decide to root against your favorite team, for a better future “The hardest choices require the strongest will”","gratitude"
"Here is another extremely informative video about the Wii Shop Channel.","neutral"
"Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.","embarrassment"
"Isn’t that the same as idols? I thought it’s a big nono for any intercession when it comes to [NAME]. I could be wrong though","neutral"
"Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen","neutral"
"Without the stupid caption this is kinda funny","amusement"
"I dont think she knows that once your body runs out of fat it starts eating your muscles and organs.","confusion"
"I noticed that too. Maybe it pumps them up too.","neutral"
"Same. She seems to get aggravated more easily now too. Hope it's just the political climate and not the tail end of her prime.","optimism"
"Just being friendly and sociable for the family get together!","approval"
"Lovely day we're having.","excitement"
"One time on an early morning run I saw nobody coming down so I ran up it against traffic.","neutral"
"Getting jealous over exes is hard to overcome but they are EXES, he/she doesn’t want them, they want you.","realization"
"Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too. ","gratitude"
"Not the best in the world but he can still claim to be the biggest draw. Red pantie night is very real","neutral"
"Please enlighten us","realization"
"Could be worse, could be funky town","anger"
"Amen as I dump mine this year!","neutral"
"I’m Waiting for Dr [NAME] to bring back Celebrity Rehab so her and [NAME] can be on it.","desire"
"[NAME] could kill someone on purpose and she isnt going to get into trouble EVER","approval"
"I would think that I hope the Wilpons die.","desire"
"Which one is he playing?","curiosity"
"I don't understand the title.","confusion"
"Yeah. Like you.","gratitude"
"even though its alot of work, i got 100% this weekend, and that scene re-opened the wound, lemme tell ya. what a masterpiece","neutral"
"A couple things: Fuck Nazism. Enjoy the ban for trolling!","anger"
"He's not wrong though.","disapproval"
"I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.","love"
"Most important win of the season. Awesome","admiration"
"Maybe they mean like older kid free? I'd contact the coordinator and ask them if your baby is okay.","confusion"
"I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.","anger"
"I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.","disapproval"
"Convoys were the safest way to get cargo ships across oceans, so that would be yes.","admiration"
"horrific clock management too!","neutral"
"Even if [NAME] didn’t play we wouldn’t be winning sorry Just enjoy the ride and pay respect to the man who gave us our only championship","neutral"
"Out-douching the douche often results in two douches mashing together.","neutral"
"You're right, it's not as bad as the crippling retardation you currently suffer from. I'm sorry dude","approval"
"Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.","approval"
"I have no idea if this is sarcasm...","neutral"
"I'm having a woosh moment here.","neutral"
"Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..","approval"
"For a [NAME] [NAME], PKK are oppressive socialists whose ideas belongs to previous century and are destructive and murderous.","neutral"
"I love converts. They willingly throw away their freedom for a prison cell. So cute","gratitude"
"This is a gift for my rematch secret Santa recipient. I hope they’re both confused and amused.","confusion"
"I was hoping to hear this. I'm up for it I think. I'll download it tomorrow.","optimism"
"my gawd! This is adorable!","amusement"
"ELABORATE plz!!!!","approval"
"I genuinely think that would be an iconic shot if it was in a famous horror film. The way the legs just keep on coming is terrifying.","fear"
"Couldn't stand it though the story is wonky But this is an eternal debate. For me got will remain. Hope S7 is about to enlightnen all human kind","admiration"
"[NAME] screaming that to [NAME] was so funny to me","amusement"
"We are sorry but the sympathy you are looking for is not available in your region.","remorse"
"They have a local government which governs their reserve, which is elected democratically. It’s their government, it represents them not anyone who is non-indigenous","neutral"
"Remember folks, you can visit to report rule breaking behaviors including brigading and harassment. Do your part to help stop abuse on Reddit!","neutral"
"Thank you! I need to practice these things and change the dialogue within my head","gratitude"
"Define abuse. People can down vote as they see fit but it doesn't mean it has to ruin your day.","annoyance"
"Some people have thin skin and are unequipped with dealing with backlash.","anger"
"The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].","desire"
"I’m positive he’s going to leave her","optimism"
"You're welcome! Glad you're enjoying them.","joy"
"Yea I checked a few. It's supposed to be creepy I guess","annoyance"
"Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.","optimism"
"sorry I dont understand, I dont keep up with celebrity gossip, was [NAME] involved in something [NAME] related?","confusion"
"Educate yourself! Stay in your lane! (It all sounds so totalitarian if you look at it more closely.)","admiration"
"Excited for this project to be finished when I retire in 30 something years.","excitement"
"Threats and promotion of violence","fear"
"now I kinda wish [NAME] wasn't an imaginary cartoon character because this would actually be fun.","curiosity"
"Thanks! I'll look into that","gratitude"
"I think it's racist to call yourself or anyone European. If you're born on Earth, you're an [NAME], separating yourself is Racist.","anger"
"That’s terrifying","fear"
"I've invested 9 goddamn years watching these twits. I'm going down with the ship.","anger"
"So, can we not customise weapons anymore? These all look like the ugly unique weapons in FC5 I would never use.","neutral"
"That's how reddit works.","approval"
"username check out","neutral"
"The master will not be pleased.","neutral"
"Oh, so I can go straight to hell when I die? No thanks.","annoyance"
"Iirc she's alive but an alcoholic.","disappointment"
"From barrel to a tank! Great job! :)","admiration"
"What the hell. Poor [NAME]. Poor you. Wow.","disapproval"
"HUGE RED FLAG. Don't ignore it!","approval"
"Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.","gratitude"
"Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.","joy"
"It's seriously terrifying!","fear"
"I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting","excitement"
"Omg if WOW sue’s her then my depression would be cured and I’ll have my jush","excitement"
"I posted the picture on this sub. I'm not sure how to link on mobile, but someone else posted the link on this thread.","disapproval"
"From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in","neutral"
"I love the comradely for finding the source","joy"
"Someone commented that it's like that friend who constantly talks about their ex, but insist they're over them.","approval"
"I'm glad you liked it :D","joy"
"I'm already aware of a lot of things I need to fix, but Im just trying things out atm. I would appreciate any and all feedback.","gratitude"
"really hope that is the case. Gotta keep the optimism up","optimism"
"How aren’t you in fucking school","anger"
"How? She gonna round up some more tricks to do so cause I don't think she's worked a day in her life.","neutral"
"You look like a bear.... An ugly cartoon bear","disgust"
"It wouldn't have been hard to get more votes than [NAME] because [NAME] was so hated.","neutral"
"I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(","fear"
"Deadass? Shoook?? Come on [NAME], do you really talk like that? You sound dumb. ","confusion"
"I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head","amusement"
"seriously where the fuck do i find vegan motorcycle boots. its like looking for a unicorn","neutral"
"Coincidence vs correlation vs causation","neutral"
"There I did it for you.","approval"
"Thank you. [NAME]","gratitude"
"Well that totally explains why we're on both ends of the spectrum lol","amusement"
"[NAME] weapon is gambol shroud but I nearly forgot about the gunchucks they are pretty rad too","admiration"
"There’s at least a thousand hallways that look exactly like that with people that look exactly like that in America","neutral"
"Screaming into a pillow afterwards","fear"
"She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!","admiration"
"looking forward to your selfie saturday then","neutral"
"Haha that's so true!","amusement"
"[NAME] man, how have you not suffocated with your head so far up your ass?","neutral"
"“NPCs”, “cucks”, “blue pillers” Well, there’s a reason nobody takes you seriously, buddy","annoyance"
"Photo critique? It's quite blurry. But the colours is great, as is the angle. ","admiration"
"That unconvincing bottom right though hahaha","neutral"
"Was literally just on rags subreddit. Even they knew our first shot would be a goal.","neutral"
"I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.","neutral"
"I am sure the protection was from other males. How does hat change things?","caring"
"It’s merch everyone calm down - she’s using the season 11 hype to get attention","excitement"
"Not a particularly in-depth article, but I thought it was a worthwhile follow-up to the recent post about police ticketing people outside Tim Hortons.","realization"
"can't remember much of what happens. All I do remember is I was miserable. Good performances, but it was a bit dour for my taste.","admiration"
"This is not true, you can still cross train to short fall career fields at the half.","neutral"
"This poor soul is pointing a gun to his head and smiling.","neutral"
"Adulthood and the real world are blaming poor people and working class people for their problems. Got it.","neutral"
"Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something","disapproval"
"Oh, I'm dying to know if you noticed any reaction from him!","curiosity"
"I see... guess it just hasn't reached my little rock yet lol. I'll check it out, do some actual research.","amusement"
"Holy crap, I've never seen a picture of [NAME] so thin.","annoyance"
"I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.","disappointment"
"Where about sis this it’s gorgeous. I’d love to have a piece of property with a creek. That’s my dream.","admiration"
"We should stop there... the inception will sink the titanic.","fear"
"Here's my guess: they are educated, and tired of being treated like second class citizens by the D party for being men.","annoyance"
"And I taught my room was dirty and that I was not taking care of my self. Good job op","admiration"
"I assume so, in some form. I also hope they show us more up close of their big city as barely shown in some episode I forget. ","optimism"
"His sentences don’t contradict. You just have poor comprehension.","disapproval"
"Why is step 1 make the thing so huge? I mean go slightly bigger and do a bangle?","confusion"
"Sorry to hear that was all it got :/","realization"
"This is still one of my favorite photos.","love"
"SHAVE YOUR BEAR","neutral"
"Afaik non-government entities can sue other non-government entities for any reason.","neutral"
"He didn't run off like a deadbeat when he thought the kids were his.","realization"
"I wanted to know if there’s was another like meaning to the whole selfie thing not if she liked me or not","confusion"
"He might upset [NAME], but [NAME] is going to pick him apart.","optimism"
"Good luck bro! I am with you on this journey. Currently on day 7. I had trouble sleeping yesterday night due to the urges.","caring"
">who accused him and [NAME] of raping her then did a porno where she fucked both of them AND [NAME]? She did?","approval"
"New Houston foodies here that make Youtube videos on food primarily on Houston spots. Would love some honest feedback!","gratitude"
"Imagine insulting your wife and father then you carry water for the same person. [NAME] is a basic....","annoyance"
"They dont build up unless you get points though do they?","neutral"
"I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot","annoyance"
"You have selected POWER DRIVE","neutral"
"I love Fate too. I hope you have a great life and that everything goes the way you want it to.","desire"
"Watch alpha jackals explanation of the Nerf. It's a great explanation","admiration"
"He looks really different now.","neutral"
"bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.","amusement"
"So will this one. Lack of intimacy makes all other issues worse and make it harder to over look other issues.","neutral"
"People are very complicated.","neutral"
"oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!","optimism"
"I just wanted to say how honorable you are, r/niceguys","admiration"
"One of things I loved about this subreddit is the use of the old school meme format","love"
"And you truly need to be there and see this wide spread nonchalant attitude to truly understand it how bad and rampant it is.","disapproval"
"Great deal for us, happy he's back. Up next, [NAME]! ","admiration"
"[NAME] TAKE MY HEART","approval"
"Does anyone know if there's a place I can donate to help her two little kids?","love"
"“You fight like my sister!” “I’ve fought your sister! That’s a compliment!”","admiration"
"Shut tf up. [NAME].","anger"
"You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.","disapproval"
"Sick of that stupid floss dance","sadness"
"His entire face is covered by a beard and sunglasses lol","approval"
"Teen should report him for abuse.","approval"
"I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.","love"
"Boy, are you going to cake yourself when you find out what french kissing is ","neutral"
"Great work brother!","admiration"
"True. But I think it’s only [NAME] that pull the belly out of themselves to articles about the empire!","annoyance"
"Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.","admiration"
"This is most excellent news! Also, glad to know he went on to work somewhere like Google.","caring"
"Every time I see telomeres yknow who I think of?","neutral"
"I hope they remain long time friends and can look back on this as adults and have a nice giggle together","optimism"
"That’s awesome, what do you do if you don’t mind me asking?","admiration"
"Well who knows what valve thinks. I don’t like Lyrical and Maut either.","curiosity"
"Thanks, that's exactly what I needed to hear 💜","approval"
"He was 2 when our family adopted him. He's always been a gentle soul, and became even more so with age. ","neutral"
"I haven't ever considered my dense moments could be hormonal! That sounds like something I'd do, haha.","amusement"
"The majority is not relevant: it was advisory. I agree a second vote is needed to kill the [NAME] trope.","approval"
"And she would would enjoy wearing","neutral"
"That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted","admiration"
"Thanks. I'll let him know he needs to step his game up.","gratitude"
"I tell myself that but when I’m at 90 I’m like a zombie","optimism"
"I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.","love"
"You can only fit so much in 20ish min show.","confusion"
"Wow sold out during break without most of the students. Don't know how they'll fit the students in once we're back","realization"
"I like taking 450 every 2-3 hours. Not the best hangover, but lots of CEVs and I enjoy the OBEs, floating thru the dark. ","approval"
"This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much!","gratitude"
"The butcher seems to bug out, and not pay you, after around 3 horseback pelts, anyway.","neutral"
"I love the burn","joy"
"Just read your list, sounds great!! You have some creatures even I didn’t think about 👍!!","admiration"
"Breathing out like a dragon keeps me from gagging when i brush the back of my tongue","sadness"
"Yes, huge problems. Buy it anyway. Such a sexy car with the power and fun to drive factor to match.","approval"
"They shout it near the end. Listen for WAAAAAAALLLLLL","anger"
"Or just some kind of pushback. Your best player getting injured on a questionable play; no physical retribution; getting shutout - pick 2.","admiration"
"because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober","neutral"
"Who cares honestly.","annoyance"
"Constantly worrying about her and not feeling pleasure without her presence could be. You need to talk to a therapist.","neutral"
"Oh, it’s only made them more determined to invent the “creepy [NAME]” narrative themselves.","desire"
"best to add a **/s** ......almost sounds like you're being serious!","neutral"
"Don't use gay as an insult.","anger"
"I always imagined they would be really easy to refuel, for obvious reasons. I never had the chance though.","disappointment"
"Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!","admiration"
"Thanks, just bought this!","gratitude"
"Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.","annoyance"
"Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.","anger"
"You always listen to Pizza! ... especially pizza with pineapple on it!","neutral"
"Nice strong heavy stream will make it through","neutral"
"Ok then.","neutral"
"They've usually had dementia for a good while before they become aggressive. I don't think you have anything to worry about for a long time.","relief"
"Yo that guys hot what's his reddit","excitement"
"I named my new kitten Baker and you can bet your ass that he’s getting posted here next time there is a flood of doggo posts","admiration"
"Considering the fact that I don't consider jealousy or envy useful, you are dead wrong. It might be other people but not me.","embarrassment"
"is your dad very wealthy by any chance [NAME]","amusement"
"Are you lost?","curiosity"
"Yes she was, but I'm here now. ","approval"
"As if I needed another reason to avoid the Galleria.","neutral"
"that's an adventure!","admiration"
"You do realize that every cod since cod 4 has had some sort of sbmm right? Like every MP Fps like Battlefield.","annoyance"
"I have a TKL so no numpad, bummer.","neutral"
"I guess if you want to ignorantly label people you know nothing about then I'm whatever you care to imagine me as","disapproval"
"Sweetener is full of bops! Wish she would release another single from it.","admiration"
"Oh my [NAME] do you value 'freedom' over safety?!","anger"
"I don't doubt that, but there's a difference between doing something as a social activity and a psychoactive drugs that actually makes you feel more social.","approval"
"i got kangaroo from the meat guys over in U district at University Seafood and Poultry. they have tons of exotic stuff","neutral"
"ROI for that is too low. Truth is customers are willing to put up with shitty employees.","realization"
"We all know that everyone was doing the Kiki do you love me ironically so that if people do it unironically then we can make fun of them.","optimism"
"Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.","remorse"
"tHiS iS wHY TruMP wiLL wiN!!!!!1!1","neutral"
"Lucky you got a sane dad. Get ready for a world of crazy... just don't get sucked into her toxic world. Good luck.","caring"
"Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub. ","anger"
"Y'all are fucking annoying","annoyance"
"He’s so cute! How do you get to hang out with him? I’ve never seen him the times I went to visit.","neutral"
"I love this cross-over","love"
"I miss [NAME]. Shame he had to get injured while he was here","neutral"
"You’re right, no one is taking you seriously, Reddit user.","approval"
"he dribbles softly and loosely I dont understand why nobody has fixed it.","disapproval"
"This guy also has scorching speed on the bases.","admiration"
"Go hang out with some friends","neutral"
"I don't really see what the point of this post is.","neutral"
"Yeah, not the rich,that makes sense to me. I'm just commenting on the title saying billionaires are bad for democracy","neutral"
"Yes that would've been so much fun! You can only imagine my shock and disappointment...","amusement"
"I'll be right back!","neutral"
"Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.","gratitude"
"Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do","excitement"
"I love that logic "I don't like it so it must not exist."","love"
"you really think the walls gonna cost 5 billion?","confusion"
"War is quite different than state sponsored democide.","approval"
"Married 3.5 years and we're down to 1-2 times a month. I feel ya","neutral"
"[NAME] office just denied it","approval"
"What makes it even more bizarre is that she does hair for a living. (At least she did during the filming of the doc about her.)","neutral"
"B + A? Is that [NAME] and [NAME]?","neutral"
"At least you admit it. That is good.","gratitude"
"Fair enough, I didn't pay attention. ","neutral"
"[NAME].","neutral"
"Was that a sound effect or the pup freaking out?!","confusion"
"Am an FX artist. This is fake. Scar wax gives it away so badly.","disgust"
"as much i like those posts, for depressed people it often isn't that easy!","admiration"
"I think they're doing it so they can ignore the fact that [NAME] served [NAME] to champions at the White House lol","amusement"
"> Democracy doesn't seem like such a great idea Here's your honorary trip to China","neutral"
"Thanks, I think you're right.","gratitude"
"Sometimes all you need is to know someone else has been there and believes you can do it too. You got this. Keep it up!","admiration"
"Save those texts, call the cops, restraining order and no contact. You need to do this for you and the baby. ","caring"
"Don’t regret the time, had it been sooner you might be absent a kid or three! ","approval"
"Sounds like you may be demisexual? I know I am. Just wouldn't be able to be casually intimate with someone personally","excitement"
"Look [NAME] is here "Where the fuck was he an hour ago, gary, where!?"","curiosity"
"Why? What happens?","neutral"
"Well, that's just a distraction for the color of your resume.","neutral"
"[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason","admiration"
"I hope she wins next week","optimism"
"Religion is gigacope","approval"
"Was Netflix ever $7.99 for HD streaming?","curiosity"
"Sorry, every time I try a link post my post fails, I’m just doing a text post. ","remorse"
"No surprise that the game series is gaining traction!","neutral"
"Do you agree that voter literacy exams and grandfather clause in post civil war USA were de jure racial-blind but de facto racist?","neutral"
"No. Everyone going through the temple that day -- living and for the dead -- all got the same name.","neutral"
"None in mine.","neutral"
"Mum asked me if I was on those steroids today, I'm very, very obviously natty but my mum always got my back. ","gratitude"
"Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.","fear"
"Or the only guy who watched the video apparently","neutral"
"I think they're getting desperate from all of us cord cutters converting everyone to Hulu.","neutral"
"Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.","approval"
"No, my point is that looking to past behaviors isn’t indicative of what is right and virtuous ","optimism"
"Ech even if he wanted to just be friends i dont think its okay to just ignore you like that. I think you dodged a bullet.","realization"
"My man!","approval"
"It's an Albany expression","neutral"
"That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.","admiration"
"Thanks for reply, I'll enjoy reading through the comments... maybe you make a book of it all. ","gratitude"
"Do we know what the source of this rumor is other than twitter speculation?","disapproval"
"What’s crazy is when [NAME] came back [NAME] played him down the stretch instead of [NAME], [NAME] seems fed up with [NAME]. ","neutral"
"That better the case. It'll take the sting away a bit.","neutral"
"We all make acceptable compromises to maintain relationships. If that’s part of you and it’s unacceptable to him then he can change his choice.","neutral"
"Both are on the right though.","neutral"
"If you don't mind cutting your life opportunities by 3/4 go for it.","approval"
"Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.","desire"
"Why is he wearing his little sisters jeans? Bc she stole his juice. That's why","confusion"
"Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.","approval"
"I was told that upon waking up from a surgery, my first phrase was “don’t Terri [NAME] me” ☹️","neutral"
"She’s clearly hanging at least part way into the space. She’s so dumb","annoyance"
"This was beautiful!","admiration"
"Same, also no parking so they need to pull in the busy road outside my house. They must hate me.","neutral"
"Dude has a wicked coke nail... just saying.","admiration"
"Ah yes, the poison. The worst part of any poisoning. ","disappointment"
"Literally both fell asleep on me today and I could barely walk out of the bathroom back to bed lol","annoyance"
"I didnt know that sub existed,im faaaaaar too excited, thats my next hour of skivving work sorted!! ","confusion"
"You know what would instantly unwreck you? A good screwing. Transformational !","approval"
"Go back to bed, grandpa","neutral"
"He will, they both look totally re-integrated. If not, they'll thrash the rockets bench guys lol","amusement"
"Personally, I thank the half hour that wake up thread existed for this W","gratitude"
"This is going in the next update.","neutral"
"Indecisive person here, I promise I irritate myself with my indecisiveness more than anyone else","remorse"
"Sweet [NAME] I'd be psyched to get [NAME]. I do *not* believe that will happen though.","annoyance"
"People that choose to work for NGO's already make far less than their corporate counterparts, do you want them to work for free?","curiosity"
"That doesn't mean they're impossible. Minnesota's 7th district is 64% rural, R+12, and represented by [NAME], a [NAME].","optimism"
"That's true. It's on you if you want to practice respect and kindness for its own sake.","approval"
"Is this illegal somewhere specific?","curiosity"
"If you like this than go watch My Self Reliance on YouTube. Start from the beginning. Very relaxing and fun.","amusement"
"[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.","annoyance"
"but.... but the lizards would eat the bugs....?","curiosity"
"Maybe because [NAME] didn't actually made a joke, he just pretended to be stupid","annoyance"
"FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!","gratitude"
"[NAME] irrational stans are the gift that keeps on giving.","neutral"
"Can’t get hep or HIV from shitty politics.","neutral"
"I'm with the photo guy. It would be an awful feeling to watch your date flirt with some other dude ON YOUR DATE.","annoyance"
"Oh nice, VB using him as their own populist tool to grab the attention of the overtly racist and scared of brown people.","fear"
"Weird flex but okay","approval"
"the Browns called. They would be happy to help you end your career","neutral"
"I’d smile back at you","neutral"
"Happy new year /r/newyorkmets. Everyone in this community makes this place feel seriously special. Let's go win a world series in 2019.","admiration"
">[NAME] in a confusion night, Um, she kissed him.","confusion"
"Ironic considering the amount of brigading AnComs do on this sub","surprise"
"On top of that I just think [NAME] was saying "I know how to evaluate talent."","pride"
"Maybe that is where the confusion lies: Vaccines don’t make a child AUtistic, they make them AUstralian.","neutral"
"We aren't even buying it's loans and still nobody has been signed","neutral"
"Hey, keep us updated ","neutral"
"So basically the greatest person on earth.","pride"
"You are so stunning! A very classic beauty.","neutral"
"My ecology professor hated outdoor cats for that reason. They're extremely destructive animals.","annoyance"
"This is ugly af sry","disgust"
"I just popped a pill in my chAmpagne, she say she love me she don't even know my reAl name' -[NAME]","annoyance"
"Incumbency only seems to matter in smaller states these days.","neutral"
"That's a big meal.","approval"
"Didn't know about him being a teacher. Camp Bucca doesn't mean much though. Plenty of foreign fighters ended up in those type of camps.","embarrassment"
"That's this whole sub lol","amusement"
"Yo good for you!","approval"
"[NAME] was a pastor who witnessed the “Wood Scrape” and credited the rodsmen of the [NAME] cult as creating [RELIGION] 1.0","neutral"
"Technically, if [NAME] are right about him, then you already did nail him... soooooo...","neutral"
"It is more common than you think, especially for the older generation. Anecdotally I have read more then a few stories here on reddit with that scenario.","neutral"
"You should play PoE its a better game in every single aspect, you'll love it.","approval"
"I don't really want to do anything.","disapproval"
"Yea, and trading away young players does not make us better.","disapproval"
"I'm in the UK dude. It's happening everywhere and most people are either busy hating or living in a bubble so are oblivious.","neutral"
"> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.","admiration"
"They were tricked. It’s not like those politicians were being honest.","neutral"
"Or wait a few more weeks and try to snag one on sale after St. Paddy's","neutral"
"I just wish she could do this on the show more readily","desire"
"Feels like im wearing nothing at all!","neutral"
"No, but its a big problem in itself. ","fear"
"I'm a little disappointed that the tier markings werent' just different shades of green.","disappointment"
"This just makes me want sushi.","neutral"
"I like these cultures and would be happy to tell you what sort of work qualifications/licensure/certification have you acquired, if any?","joy"
"Is there anything we can do to get people talking about making this a reality again?","neutral"
"My Ping Pong Queen looks so happy! I cried lol","amusement"
"I will, no worries.","caring"
"What? lol no. I feel bad they have to, but there are legit people who enjoy wearing it to show devotion.","embarrassment"
""[NAME] ***WHO***?!!" --Miss [NAME]","confusion"
"Was it? I thought it was someone from last season. Maybe I am just remembering wrong. I’ll have to watch her again!","neutral"
"Hmm ... Vancouver is not on the list? that's interesting ...","excitement"
"oddly enough, i really like it","approval"
"That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.","annoyance"
"Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.","admiration"
"I ALWAYS notice how [NAME] used latex gloves now","neutral"
"That uncle was awesome.","admiration"
"These were the naughty children! HO HO HO!","approval"
"Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury","grief"
"What a thot*","excitement"
"In case anyone missed this masterpiece of cinema","curiosity"
"Omg wow, this is great. Thank you so much!","gratitude"
"You’re doing the [NAME] work.","neutral"
"I have, and what I get is hundreds. I just wanted some advice on ones people would recommend ","neutral"
"Fidget spinners are cool again","relief"
"Oh wow!!!","excitement"
"According to the filmmakers, it was the same Brachiosaurus that awed the characters in the first movie. ;_;","curiosity"
" You're welcome, I think.","gratitude"
"I was fine until I got to the ICU.","approval"
"How do they know how far away the FRBs are coming from","neutral"
"Is there any way to force him to act? Sending more budgets or refusing to vote on anything non budget in the house etc.","approval"
"This is so not aww.","disapproval"
"Worst ending ever! I won't spoil it but this one sucked worse than the avengers last movie!","annoyance"
"It's a joke, fam.","amusement"
"TYT is a gossip shitpost panel for race baiting idiots. By race baiting idiots.","annoyance"
"I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]","amusement"
"Oh no, they down voted me, they canny take patter :'(","joy"
"How about as a whole we just hate snow","neutral"
"you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)","approval"
"Gotcha! I don't know why I focused only on [NAME]. That's an interesting notion which I'll ponder on for a while :P","excitement"
"Oh I got you. Likewise for us. I’ll take a look later and name some names!","approval"
"It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.","neutral"
"Tell me when you find out how to bowser-wobble","curiosity"
"Don't know why anyone would need more explanation than this video","neutral"
"Woah. This is a whole new fascinating Reddit thing that I never knew about","neutral"
"I dont know why people are hating this so much. I guess everyone here wants to be just ok for the next 5 years","anger"
"So... the company basically shifted the HGC budget into severance packages for executives?","neutral"
"You could always try the too faced born this way foundation. It has 40 shades now and it’s hydrating.","neutral"
"> Insert racial slur here I choked, have your upvote","disapproval"
"Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems","optimism"
"Bit like Dundee United trying to not concede 5 against Ayr United.","neutral"
"It sounds spasticated.","disappointment"
"Damn, this is some cold, hard reality. Hope everything works out!","disappointment"
"I don't remember the taste, but someone on my strange addiction tv show ate her late husband's ashes and described the taste. ","confusion"
"Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.","neutral"
"I really love playing him and going against him. Legion is overall my favorite killer. I respect everyone hating him although I dont understand why.","admiration"
"I never considered until this thread that tone of voice is something that people find attractive? that seems so alien and bizarre to me.","disapproval"
"I have never laugh cried so hard at a TV moment","confusion"
"ah ok, thanks","gratitude"
"I'm pretty sure she wants to be alone with you","neutral"
"Its a funny joke but it's delivered horribly","disapproval"
"Thank you! [NAME] is drafting off this documentary.","gratitude"
"Good. Can't wait for the lulz.","excitement"
"Nah, you did all right.","caring"
"Obvious troll is obvious.","neutral"
"Three. Three layers of bad.","neutral"
"No problem. It was my fault after all. Since you seem to accept the evidence and you don't dismiss it, I guess the debate is over.","neutral"
"Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.","approval"
"My husband never watches this show. Watching with me: “[NAME] is a horrible dad. He looks likes he hammered. He’s so greasy”","annoyance"
"And that's why he's always injured","neutral"
"Way too fancy","anger"
"That may be true. I was just pointing out that the logic of an appeal to nature is fallacious","approval"
"Feeling better now?","love"
"Cheers to that, girl. 🥂 ","admiration"
"2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho","excitement"
"Welcome to Texas though! Go explore it!","gratitude"
"Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.","curiosity"
"> consider another better job Oh believe me I am doing that. But this will have to do for now!","caring"
"I was about to explain that the one with 8 h's was taken until I read your username. Beautiful.","admiration"
"I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times","disgust"
"Oh, fond memories of accusations of belonging to the CTR squad for so much of 2015/16.","disgust"
"I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.","sadness"
"Are you special? The game came out long after the school year began.","curiosity"
"Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.","approval"
"Not much of anything","neutral"
"That’s awesome! Heal up quickly","admiration"
"I'm sorry. I hope he takes the CTJ talk seriously. Fingers crossed for you!","caring"
"Thanks this was a cool article. The Shedd means a lot to me as it was where I went the first time I met the love of my life","gratitude"
"Anyone else think [NAME] kind of reminds them of [NAME]?","neutral"
"Why or when was he ever a locker room cancer though? Am I missing something? Thanks for the downvote for asking a question, though. ","confusion"
"But did [NAME] watch sports bra test videos when he was picking out fernandas ^boobies","neutral"
"if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars","disgust"
"Great person, tough as hell, will truly be missed😢","admiration"
"If yoire voluntarily going to one I would argue that all those "side effects" i guess you would call them are already in your life.","approval"
"IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]","approval"
"Happy Anniversary!","excitement"
"Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo","excitement"
"What absolute garbage","disgust"
"Downvoting because of a lack of funny, regardless of your clumsy attempt to insinuate that my doing so means I'm thin skinned.","neutral"
"One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.","desire"
"I remember them looking very happy. I loved that they were there and seemed very happy about what was happening.","joy"
"I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate. ","curiosity"
"Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!","joy"
"What the Fuck?","anger"
"The calls are totally random so no regulars sadly. But on the plus side, you get to help so many more people! ","neutral"
"I don’t think [NAME] is going anywhere until [NAME] retires.","neutral"
"It really isn’t hard to put your chat in submode like every other pro player does.","approval"
"Do you think people are generally logical?","confusion"
"[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.","anger"
"Now there’s a thought...","neutral"
"In other news; Water is still wet.","neutral"
"Her question was theology actually. I wasn't even answering about the rape at all.","confusion"
"Should've gotten a prenup.","approval"
"Wow, I know he is the voice of [NAME], but I did not know he basically IS [NAME]","surprise"
"Good viral marketing attempt [NAME]!","admiration"
"Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead","love"
"[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault","realization"
"If you enjoyed it, go for it.","neutral"
"wow thanks for the explanation. it's been like 3 hours and still looks like this","gratitude"
"*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too","admiration"
"Pedo dream, don't talk to any strange men with candy","neutral"
"DONT DO IT PRELLER","neutral"
"/uj I’d use a vegan-marketed version of that for tofu or even potatoes","neutral"
"what would be the point of that I already told you I was dumb my little vagina looking friend","anger"
"I've been to some weddings and funerals that would have benefited from having a professional bartender. Nobody got physically injured as badly as [NAME] husband though.","neutral"
"what is cringe about this?","curiosity"
"Yeah I should rephrase. If you are from *anywhere in the world* and you are a [NAME]...","neutral"
"Ya, because it’s funny and relatable","joy"
"Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol","remorse"
"Every single time a person has demanded to see an MD rather than me I have appreciated the dodged bullet. It's never fun for the physician.","gratitude"
"My cockatiel is sitting on my knee. I gave him a hug and promised no more pets.","gratitude"
"Prolonged eye contact.","neutral"
"I have no objection to nudity, but why is this a thing? So dumb. ","annoyance"
"We're not a democracy. WE'RE A COUNTRY","disapproval"
"Or you can just support your local farmers that slaughter their animals in an ethical and way less horrifying way.","approval"
"I'm glad that you are still harboring feelings from a game that ended in 2016.","disappointment"
"Which one?","neutral"
"Hopefully [NAME] is still hot","approval"
"Thank you. I guess im just finding it weird how she lost interest. Ill definitely be taking your advice","annoyance"
"I drool over Elijah woods","embarrassment"
"Can they be wrong about three things?","curiosity"
"Mine too!! Always thought it was dyed from wearing mascara, but I haven't worn any in a while","neutral"
"Serious strawberry and matcha frapps.","neutral"
"Utah roads are definitely some of the best out there. Anywhere else I have lived has had either similar or worse, or waaaay waaaay worse","admiration"
"If you wanted my honest opinion, you seem to be a shallow person. But that's just you and there's nothing wrong with that.","neutral"
"You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.","disapproval"
"bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸","neutral"
"I would think they probably couldn’t take it if you tried","neutral"
"Yeah after I showed it to my friend a few minutes later I realized what he meant but I forgot to remove my post.","approval"
"Waahha, ohh, they massawaaa... STOP IT. YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN.","anger"
"That’s a new level of blonde I never knew existed!","realization"
"I wish more than anything that I was [NAME]","desire"
"Greetings fellow human","admiration"
"Seriously one of the best soundtracks. I always get chills from the organs, even just thinking about them.","admiration"
"I will help ol' [NAME] the right price","neutral"
"I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.","joy"
"And queuing up to rewatch that series","neutral"
"I’ve exposed on social media. It made me feel better so I don’t care what anyway has to say about it.","neutral"
"I just want to know how he got all that ice out of his bin","curiosity"
"Wait. What. How?","neutral"
"I stuck a bit of glass up there. It was a pane in the ass.","annoyance"
"Gold Coast seems like it would go well on paper, but turn up to the actual thing and seems strangely disappointing would be good to tell friends about though","neutral"
"Weird, though. So many people love to identify themselves by their corporate loyalty.","love"
"Do I even wanna know what that means?","confusion"
"We literally share a parking lot with a bank and I get people asking me for change all. The. Time. I struggle.","neutral"
"Politicians be like yo we cant raise minimum wage because then companies will just replace all their workers with robots...","neutral"
"Could this be an indication as to how the majority of the country wants the law?","curiosity"
"By all means, tell me what I said that was incorrect. ","neutral"
"Go for it, it will be a new experience it may not go good but you'll learn someway ","approval"
"I am [NAME], [NAME] is my Husband and we're adopting [NAME] baby.","neutral"
"So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...","disappointment"
"Oh no! More non-existent performance issues to complain about!! Can't wait to be playing it while all these self-righteous gamers take their noble stands...","curiosity"
"He put up a 7 WAR season at age 22 I'm blind to that shit if he with us lmao","neutral"
"That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk","joy"
"Good timing with the two breweries having just opened up. Gotta check them out when I'm in that neck of the woods again.","neutral"
"He’s been going to a restaurant for 40 years and forgot what it looked like and where it was.. uh huh.","approval"
"But at least you could Get to [NAME] more quickly.","disappointment"
"[NAME] died for our shins","neutral"
"I woulda "sneezed" with my drink in my hand and launched it right behind me","neutral"
"Wait, australia is like this? I remember carrying a 4 inch sheathed knife as a kid. Nobody batted an eyelid.","confusion"
"I am so very, very happy at your last sentence. If you understand that, you will be permanently free.","joy"
"Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.","approval"
"Me and my brother were both born and raised in SC but both our parents are from MI. So we were raised fans from the beginning","approval"
"I hate the message that's being pushed, and it's even worse that it's being pushed by this guy.","anger"
"Ride in trunk","neutral"
"Hang on is that allowed? Geez that guy seemed really angry.","anger"
"I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.","disapproval"
"He's rooting for the losing team and is pissed.","neutral"
"Sure, but I don't think the fan culture derives from them.","neutral"
"This is an Opinion article, just keep that in mind.","neutral"
"There are a lot of QVC hoarders out there. I have an obscene amount of argan oil. I've mostly curbed my hoarding now.","neutral"
"You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.","anger"
"Also would like to point out to you that fighter is actually a synonym of soldier.","approval"
"I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!","confusion"
"Glad that it’s centered.","joy"
"REBOOT FIREFLY!","neutral"
"The players turning on him for crying story cracked me up though.","annoyance"
"That guy (his dad?) was so proud he threw that strike!","pride"
"Yes I wish more people did this!","desire"
"Being rich isnt the only way to be successful. The first success to conquer is learning to love and accept ourselves","admiration"
"Cool, I just wonder why you didn't go in to help","admiration"
"LSD or the fungal kind? Out of curiosity","curiosity"
"Legit. Can't beleive that society lets those people run around free like the walking sex crimes they are.","neutral"
"Every time, lots of people overwhelm me. I have light sensitivity to florescents so that doesn't help. ","disappointment"
"Agree, she needs to learn to value herself. ","approval"
"Can't decide if that's because we're playing gritty basketball late or getting kinda lucky and an inevitable regression to the mean","confusion"
"school is not that bad","approval"
"it's also impolite to talk on the train","approval"
"Lol they were trying so hard to get that viral","amusement"
"I think we should conduct a study and find out, otherwise I don’t know and you don’t either","approval"
"God, [NAME] looks rough. ","fear"
"I didn't realize being in my late 20s qualified me as a senior citizen, where do I get my AARP card?","amusement"
"Sidhu Moose Wala. He's pretty big right now","neutral"
"Hope your mum gets well soon. Enjoy Saturday!","joy"
"Im tiddly at beer oclock. Hello from taranaki new Zealand.","neutral"
"Oh, I definitely got muted, too.","neutral"
"Sick burn. I like it.","admiration"
"No way dude... Always make sure the dude with the camo hat is standing right behind you","neutral"
"Sounds like a problem with how you are playing, not with the perk.","neutral"
"The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/","neutral"
"Policing The Police': How The Black Panthers Got Their Start","curiosity"
"Not sure how anyone whos been paying attention could","confusion"
"Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying","sadness"
"Same for me, feels like i've been made alone just so my brother can get all the attention","sadness"
"Exactly what belongs in this sub. <3","curiosity"
"We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.","sadness"
"Always gotta have a scapegoat so your chosen economic ideology doesn't look bad!","confusion"
"I'm sorry for you loss man. Truly I am.","caring"
"No!!!!","neutral"
"Just like he couldn’t call his executive producer [NAME] to ask if [NAME] had met [NAME] in TFA.","neutral"
"Since they only do 6 a year now I would rather it be somone more exciting and surprising","optimism"
"Just curious...","curiosity"
"Omg [NAME] I can't stand Orange anymore after watching wentworth","neutral"
"Fuck","disgust"
"Also a possibility.","neutral"
"Thank you for your feedback, I was just trying to tell you my reasoning behind it sorry if I came off as angry.","embarrassment"
"But still, crying "castrate all pedophiles" because they could be potential rapists is like crying "kill all men, they are all potential rapists." ","anger"
"I'm American and only speak English and didn't get that pun either...","disappointment"
"Don't forget the awkward tomboys.","disgust"
"DAYUM!!!!! This post is lit AF. Got some verbal geniuses on this one.","admiration"
"OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s","fear"
"I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)","desire"
"This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.","joy"
"It literally never occurred to me that there would be a sub for USAJOBS. Thank you so much","gratitude"
"They are more ninja than freaking tremor and ermac.","neutral"
"If they had tried to free their friends first, their bomb would have been confiscated so I say they made the right choice.","approval"
"Worried me there","fear"
"Woo! New sci fi! Thanks!","admiration"
"[Serious] I'm fairly certain this poster has Asperger's Syndrome or OCD or some other mental disorder. He obsessively fixates on really really weird subjects.","annoyance"
"This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.","disapproval"
"I'm vegan and that's a big nope from me.","disapproval"
"I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.","joy"
"gotta love some Detroit Sports","love"
"Well somebody has to balance the books... the Liberals never even try.","disapproval"
"I'm surprised he survived the primary.","surprise"
"It would be mostly home-grown terrorism, angry at all the people fleeing from overseas terrorism.","neutral"
"AE think that's looking harder and harder to defend?","neutral"
"Not the kind of webcams we can afford.","neutral"
"He will the author already spoiled it in previous chapters.","annoyance"
"Once the work has been done to certify the car, it cannot be undone. Easier to go the other way.","neutral"
"I thought he was a candidate as a [NAME] when [NAME] left. What happened to that.","curiosity"
"How is she at all mobile at that weight? Bones are incredible things!","neutral"
"The [RELIGION] Church has been raping children for decades, that we know about. More likely hundreds of years. Probably since they've existed. ","annoyance"
"My friends thought I was asexual","embarrassment"
"Grow up.","approval"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **10th Cakeday** likebigbuttons! ^(hug)","excitement"
"yup I was like "what, are porn mags scary now?" and then it clicked","neutral"
"Nice job dude!","admiration"
"Hey girl!! East Bay here!","neutral"
"And todsy the crips are up 3 points narrowly beating out the bloods who only rose 2.5.","approval"
"In my mind. I forgot everything :(","neutral"
"I remember being a kid and everything I did was haraam like even looking at people was haraam :/","realization"
"I’m gonna need to see that in writing before I celebrate.","neutral"
"We really need to stick to having helpful titles or a quick tldr.","desire"
"Do not diddle kids","neutral"
"I am serious. I have no idea what they were prior to a few days ago.","anger"
"Aye it's doing the rounds so I'm sure I'll see it today","neutral"
"The Mavs are my 2nd favorite team and [NAME] is a baller. And this dude named [NAME] is having a nice season with the Wolves.","admiration"
"Pretty sure if I reposted this it would just get ignored smh","approval"
"Not bad at all.","admiration"
"Awesome and interesting response!","admiration"
"This is definitely dumb, but they're not saying vaccines=crack.","annoyance"
"Oh, wow. Hope nothing happens to his arms on the way!","optimism"
"According to Skyrim, me and 90% of the population are inner stealth archers.","neutral"
"It's a fair question to be sure. Crime dramas have largely overstated the importance of reading [NAME] rights, so most people have the same misconceptions.","approval"
"Post this to /r/penmanshipporn I *dare* you. Edit: been done already, I shoulda figured lol","neutral"
"Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter","admiration"
"Someone get us a [NAME] version of the [NAME] nice lead meme!!!","approval"
"If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.","annoyance"
"That's gotta cut deep!","nervousness"
"It’s a soulless facsimile of what made B movies actually fun.","neutral"
"Except [RELIGION].","approval"
"My first thought.. Girl your eye makeup!","neutral"
"Wow, I love the car ride idea. Thanks for sharing that!","excitement"
"I hope The pelicans trade him and [NAME] if they trade [NAME]. Hate to see them waste away in NO","anger"
"oh for fuck sake [NAME]","neutral"
"Lazy as hell","neutral"
"hello from another CHOA RN!","neutral"
"It's great that you're a recovering addict, that's cool. Have you ever tried DMT?","admiration"
"To be fair mumble rap is shite","neutral"
"Looks about 17 years old here","neutral"
"A walker kid hanging from a basketball hoop [NAME]: [Visible Concern]","neutral"
"Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.","disapproval"
"You made the right choice. Helps to get him out of mind, out of sight and begin the healing process.","approval"
"lmao and I thought I was the only one","gratitude"
"Outside of Belpedio we really don't have a lot of decent call ups on D. PS It's amazing how much [NAME] has improved this year.","admiration"
"Are you invited to get birthday tho?","curiosity"
"Crazy how [NAME] being a POS had been factual since the 90s but he’s only now feeling the consequences of his actions","surprise"
"Omg deans you forgot to put your nagito relevance stamp","realization"
"dont be scared","fear"
"So happy to see these as the top two comments. My lips turned to prunes just watching this.","excitement"
"Welcome to eb games","excitement"
"Knew it before I clicked, top notch movie ","neutral"
"I don't think that's how shadowy military organizations work [NAME].","neutral"
"Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head","optimism"
"these are quite normal thoughts for depressed people","approval"
"I don't wonder.... . We have multiple examples af police behavior like this every day.","realization"
"Are you located in Wellington? Just interested to see where garage project is available in New Zealand, because i've heard its limited... ","curiosity"
"Glad that's settled","gratitude"
"Nice find!","admiration"
"Nah mate hands across the M8 n that eh #gorgieloyal #bigcousins #watp /s","caring"
"This comment doesn't make sense. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.","annoyance"
"It looks like they do but random redditors do not. What a surprise.","approval"
"Great point, that was a silly assumption for me to make. Thank you for your perspective! Editing the post now. ","admiration"
"Yep. I did this in uni, got mad respect for holding my "booze". ","neutral"
"Free speech is between you and the government. I don't know exactly what Canary Mission is, but I don't think it is the US government.","approval"
"It was believable until the “almost got beat up after class” part","surprise"
"Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone","surprise"
"Oh. Much less exciting than the edit. We live inside the fungus.","disappointment"
"I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what? ","annoyance"
"Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.","remorse"
"Its nice but irrelvant. With [NAME] and [NAME] there I only see a no deal exit","disapproval"
"What's up, man? I'm new to this but I will try my best ","approval"
"Juve somehow still managed to get the upper hand in the [NAME] for [NAME] and [NAME] deal. That's some voodoo shit right there.","annoyance"
"But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.","anger"
"And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!","excitement"
"Sounds like how I brought in the new year. 3 arguments and counting.... thank [NAME] there is work tomorrow","gratitude"
"Yes!! My favourite film - I came here to suggest it, too. ","optimism"
"If there's less than four employees, this was not illegal discrimination unfortunately","neutral"
"Why on earth couldn't she just bring a hat from home if it was such a big issue to her? Lol.","amusement"
"I don't think fantasy draft has been a thing for a few years in career mode.","neutral"
"[NAME] got some baby making to do, needs the break","neutral"
"Her face right befoe this needs to join the meme economy. The "I'll regret this for years to come" face.","amusement"
"hey sweets...","excitement"
"I know they are treated very well, but some of them do die.","annoyance"
"I almost forgot about you for a minute","realization"
"someone should of grabbed [NAME] by his foot and use him as a club to bash [NAME]..","neutral"
"What country have you move to?","curiosity"
"holy shit I got mad at those 4 points you made [NAME], playing [NAME] like that would be literally hell.","amusement"
"I second this","neutral"
"It will only get worse over time. Do what I didn’t. Run.","caring"
"Can someone give the non-paywall link? I know there's a way but I can't remember it.","confusion"
"I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.","caring"
"If packaging sound policy with Hindutva is the only field booming especially in the coming chaos we’ll be set.","approval"
"Girl here. I don't get why incels think that girls only like tall guys. I mean I'm 4'10 and my boyfriend is only 6'2.","neutral"
"😂 i need one too i’m on break and honestly my life revolves around reddit at this point, cake day is special enjoy it! ","joy"
"wow. how arrogant of him /s","amusement"
"Oy vey! Shut it down!","neutral"
"They absolutely dont know what love is.","disapproval"
"Well this hurt tonight but it could have been worse. Plus the bears choked. LOL. Offset the hurt a bit.","amusement"
"that is what retardation looks like","amusement"
"Also, he never gets hurt so you can't Robidas the guy. ","neutral"
"There's so much information to process here","neutral"
"I love snow! It means snow days!","love"
"Can't believe everything you see on the internet eh?","curiosity"
"Every YouTube comment: [NAME] is beautiful and perfect how dare [NAME] and [NAME] breath near her, the production are forcing them on us.","admiration"
"The phrase I used was "perceived as weak" and that context was by bullies. You must be delighted you are not in that set.","neutral"
"Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...","disappointment"
"Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq","disapproval"
"That. Is flipping Cute. He's definately a dog person.","admiration"
"Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.","disapproval"
"I love the burn","love"
"I want you to, please tell me.","desire"
"Great night in the Midwest 200 in three hours. I hope all my fellow uber drivers did good. Happy new year I wish you the best in2019.","admiration"
"Wow, what a violent cunt.","amusement"
"Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.","desire"
"I wish that was a thing 😅","desire"
"Once the work has been done to certify the car, it cannot be undone. Easier to go the other way.","disapproval"
"I dont like my rights being restricted on the grounds of race. That is the issue.","disapproval"
"So glad you got justice and closure. You can properly begin to heal now. I’m not sure I ever will get the same sadly","gratitude"
"I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.","fear"
"27 too many","neutral"
"College is a very lonely place. Very stressful, very lonely. [NAME]. Good luck out there man.","sadness"
"That's a shame. Well good luck","disappointment"
"You're obviously a size queen. Go find yourself a big penis.","annoyance"
"I always thought the name of that sub, like this one, was intentionally ironic.","curiosity"
"I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..","caring"
"Sucks dude. For social creatures we're pretty inept at socialising and helping each other.","neutral"
"Xers and [NAME] would be more of age in the 90’s doh, signed [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Ah I was confused which side you were on :P","neutral"
"I think you're probably a shite irl.","neutral"
"Would love to if I wasn't sitting here writing a 40 page report for work.","realization"
"You think they're going to actually compost it or just toss it in the garbage?","confusion"
"Orisa will actually fair better than most if the orisa has good fortify usage. Mainly decreases effectiveness for dva and rein.","approval"
"Ya it would suck good luck too you and your family man 👨✌️👍👍👍🤜","approval"
"And desks clapped","neutral"
"Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil","disapproval"
"You're FUCKING JOKING","amusement"
"I saw that same account comment the same thing on the packers post about hiring [NAME] yesterday lol","amusement"
"Wow thanks. Didn’t know there were any others glad to hear","gratitude"
"They did and he is going to be extremely difficult to feel much empathy for him.","nervousness"
"Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.","embarrassment"
"#13 PhDs","neutral"
"Why would a pop tart live in a toaster that’s like the most terrifying place for them","confusion"
"That’s awesome, wonder if it’s available to buy on eBay. ","admiration"
"It's almost like they actually prepared to govern instead of just obstruct. Remember "Repeal **and replace**"?","approval"
"Thats not him :( the most recent comment literally starts with "i'm not a dude" ","neutral"
"Is the use of stone that common for the medical field in the UK?","curiosity"
"#THIS!!! andalsothat","neutral"
"Have fun with your heart disease.","amusement"
"I feel for the dad curled up at the end of the bed like a loyal dog","caring"
"We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier","joy"
"My mom goes through a 12 pack a day. That’s an alcoholic.","neutral"
"Oversleeping always makes me super depressed and even a little nauseous! Even so, I always want to go back to bed.","disgust"
"Oh *hell* no.","anger"
"[NAME] can stuff it, but I’ll take the disengagement from the Administration for what it is.","approval"
"Our o-line was great outside of 2 games this year. My [NAME] did you even watch or pay attention to this team this year?","admiration"
"Yep. The court loves certified letters. That way there is some proof that the letter was received.","optimism"
"Thank you for posting this. I never heard this particular interview before.","gratitude"
"That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.","approval"
"This is awesome! Do you want people to RSVP? Or are you doing this first come, first served?","admiration"
"I didn’t know this was a thing, thanks!","gratitude"
"you keep telling yourself that - now go back to sleep before you embarrass yourself even more","neutral"
"Do women make the razor blade choices for their spouses? I guess they could aim for that demographic.","confusion"
"Go to your room.","neutral"
"This is good. Thank you!","gratitude"
"Yeah no problem. Sorry about that.","approval"
"(4) Fufill sexual pleasures","neutral"
"Indian/East Asian?","confusion"
"Yes! Love me rotties!","excitement"
"Lmao my jaw dropped when she started talking about that stuff with her friend","neutral"
"it's worth it not having to deal with ebay's laziness fixing stupid problems","neutral"
"haha. I think he means this in a good way. Just poorly verbalized.","amusement"
"Someone who wants to do a couple of takes and it's just gone past 9","neutral"
"It's giving me old school [NAME] vibes.","excitement"
"Who on earth would label what you had an affair? You were separated. That is not an affair by any stretch.","confusion"
"I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable. ","love"
"Right. The comments people buy gold for astound me. I’ve seen some dumbass comments get gilded then comments that deserve it get nothing.","approval"
"[NAME] for sure","approval"
"I gotcha, I knew you guys have still played some bball games, but I just figured your rivals were mainly Fresno State and Nevada.","neutral"
"You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.","amusement"
"Wasn’t it 99% of the WORLD’S population? Like how in the fuck is that even possible...","curiosity"
"That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.","amusement"
"Still going to keep praying and praying.","optimism"
"unfortunately there is no start over button. this is our one wonderful wild life.","neutral"
"I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.","desire"
"There's no reason ever to get [NAME] breakfast tacos when you live in Austin.","neutral"
"You poop into my butt, then I poop it back into your butt...","neutral"
"[NAME] rosenbrook? Is this woman mental. Why does she use these names?","disappointment"
"Good luck with that one","optimism"
"Yo good for you!","admiration"
"It's a gift.","joy"
"Oh same here. Too relatable. Makes me wonder what 50 year old me will miss about the body I've got now.","neutral"
"I feel ya.","approval"
"That's pretty much ALL complaining...","annoyance"
"He says he still loves me and wants me in his life. He cant bear to deal with the guilt he feels over Girl being jealous.","disgust"
"It is hard to make up the new relevant points at times.... Revolution they say","sadness"
"They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.","excitement"
"This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.","admiration"
"I wish I could be you. Our thing is dragging on forever and I’m heartbroken af.","annoyance"
"It’s pretty clear UBI is not going to actually Make the character interesting. We should stop deluding ourselves.","realization"
"But this is a 1v1 game with a couple thousand people playing right. There had to be a better match.","desire"
"Which ventilators unfortunately have a serious list of potential side effects.","surprise"
"I had a total of 5 pet chickens. No way I could've ever eaten any of them. Glad that gfather confirmed that Banana Chip was buried.","optimism"
"#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles","anger"
"Yes but that's largely changed in much of the US (the coasts at least). Surprised a state or two hasn't legalized it","surprise"
"Florence, SC?? Bc if it is I wouldn’t be surprised at all 😂","curiosity"
"Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.","disappointment"
"Nothing will, no, but it gives /r/conservative ammo against a sub like this. ","neutral"
"Thats pretty sweet.","admiration"
"Brilliant! Like I said to the other dude, anything that's similar to this is a happy coincidence:)","admiration"
"This is what makes this sub so valuable, crazy and fun.","excitement"
"Then she gets on r/spacedicks and next thing you know she’s a man and wants to date other species.","neutral"
"They said that about Standard Oil as well. No company is too big to fail provided the state is stirred enough to take serious action.","disappointment"
"Also worth noting that OP was the racist, violent instigator in that situation.","neutral"
"Fascism = National Socialism Which is another reason why both Nationalism and Socialism are bad. [NAME] use some of their ideas!!!!!","neutral"
"You are waking up to the conditioning It's only a matter of time now","approval"
"Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today","gratitude"
">69xxWidowmakerxx69","neutral"
"......man Shes a decent candidate. But [NAME] is better. Well see. Lets hope for a legit primary.","optimism"
"Lmao seriously this is stupid. HEY GUYS DO YOU GUYS AS INTJS NEED TO DRINK WATER? NOT ME","annoyance"
"Thanks, came here for this","gratitude"
"You wash your hands with hand sanitizer? 🤔","curiosity"
"Why don’t you just *get the fuck out* of Edmonton if you hate it so much?","anger"
"Yeah I haven't felt anything in days. It's like I'm numb, I hate that feeling.","disgust"
"Internet virgin, clicked for the very first time.....","neutral"
"thats why I wear my mute button out.","neutral"
"It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.","neutral"
"AWIL, great movie.","optimism"
"People underrate Beal and overrate JV here.","neutral"
"I'm still so sad we never got to see [NAME] witnessing his miracle baby's first steps. ☹️","sadness"
"I'm not sure if [NAME] is visiting the Podesta pizza party.","confusion"
"It was the largest defeat since the 20s wasn’t it? Soz am only now catching up so may have misunderstood","neutral"
"I would love to see [NAME] play all 60 minutes but nah. [NAME] needs to chill.","excitement"
"If we're bullies, what does that make police who actually arrest people for rape and pedophilia? The final boss?","curiosity"
"Goddam it!","anger"
"Agreed, but I can't believe the bottom of the barrel just has double French doors opening into the foyer of yet another barrel.","surprise"
"Not an awful offer but I don't know if I see AD promising to resign long term in Dallas.","sadness"
"Talking about cats my lil Friend just jumped on the couch *pat pat from the nice people of reddit*","neutral"
"oohh, that makes a lot more sense now, thank you kindly","admiration"
"judah!!","neutral"
"I kept them and wish I hadn't. A pain to get rid of the further removed you are.","sadness"
"Happy to be able to help.","joy"
"[NAME] too busy picking his nose with his tongue to pick up that shitty pass?","neutral"
"But he is just anti Israel and definitely doesn’t hate [NAME]. /s","neutral"
"My parents died. I wish they were someplace warm that I could visit them with their grandchild, and they could visit too.","sadness"
"I'll try. Thank you","gratitude"
"Sounds like a scene/moment ripped from Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban","neutral"
"She’s clearly hanging at least part way into the space. She’s so dumb","annoyance"
"I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again","anger"
"Oh boy I was wide awake when I lost my under 51.5. [NAME] can go fuck his ugly self","disgust"
"Bohemian Rhapsody is a horrible song. Really horrible. Queen had a lot of great songs, but that one wasn't one of them.","fear"
"thats right i do remember you!","realization"
"aha my favorite reply :)","excitement"
"The dashcam only proves that someone inside that vehicle was angry. It barely proves a gun was fired, let alone at someone.","anger"
"That face just screams "Come here little boy, I have a lollipop for you"","neutral"
"Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it","approval"
"I still maintain the packers were a worse team this year.","anger"
"I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.","disapproval"
"I fat fingered it haha I meant 18","amusement"
"Damn I can’t believe [NAME] beat up [NAME]","neutral"
"Instead of Rivendell, home of the elves, we get suburban sprawl.","neutral"
"What makes it ok as it is?","confusion"
"If we win","neutral"
"For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it. ","approval"
"[NAME] is a cute woman, A Shyster, but cute.","neutral"
"Oh you mean a documentary he produced? I watched it and it felt kinda bias imo","neutral"
"If I buy too much local icecream from the icecream store, Dryers will go bankrupt! (????) These people are so desperate.","neutral"
"R1/L1, always played like this R2/L2 feels weird and slow","caring"
"I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.","approval"
"I'm not a real estate guy, but isn't it normal for rich people to buy nice houses in nice areas?","neutral"
"My opinion is that this person's opinion is stupid, fallacious, and bad.","annoyance"
"Maybe one day you'll open yours and realise feminism helps everyone","neutral"
"That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body","disappointment"
"Right on. I’ll change my comment","neutral"
"His best season was a luck filled one. He'd be nothing more than what [NAME] and [NAME] already offer but with worse defense and a worse bat.","neutral"
"You’re good, no worries","admiration"
"You want me to go searching around for that? I'm good. I'll just assume you're wrong because of the way you type.","disapproval"
"Wow. Thanks for this.","gratitude"
"Wasn't hurtful at all. It felt comforting to me reading it. We're all good.","relief"
"whos the killer","neutral"
"[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing","fear"
"Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.","joy"
"[NAME] is also very creative with the puck, I'm mostly liking the new guys so far.","love"
"Haha your mom lol 😎😎. Having flashbacks of 4th grade rn","amusement"
"To me he's extremely funny. Love him.","joy"
"I wish they would have focused on them in the first movie, and slowly handed the torch off to the next gen by the 3rd.","desire"
"It's weird. You might be right to worry.","fear"
"You're going NOWHERE! Edit: [NAME]","annoyance"
"I don’t think high fees is something they like... but the rest I totally agree with you!","neutral"
"Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...","disappointment"
"> I'm not really sure why my post got you so mad Because he’s one of the guys we’re talking about.","confusion"
"It's ok to debate and reevaluate scientific things. Really it is. Scientism however is the idiology, religion, that useful idiots and politicians are pushing.","disapproval"
"Yo that guys hot what's his reddit","love"
"“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.","anger"
"We left the church, but it'll probably take awhile for him to unlearn all the bullshit","annoyance"
"[NAME] is a hero I always saw it. But seriously I love his video essays and im so ecstatic that hes a raimi memer!","love"
"Right before aunt may and [NAME] start furiously making out","neutral"
"> ships will accept it for transportation The requirement isn't for transportation, it is to use it as a transportation fuel. ","neutral"
"Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok","disapproval"
"oh shoot, im sorry to hear that. was it someone close to you? ","curiosity"
"How so?","neutral"
"Go Leafs Go","neutral"
"The Morton hockey team train there, if the football moved down maybe we’d have success","realization"
"Yeah...I mean I love him! But he is to smart for his own good lol.","amusement"
"I’m still waiting for 4 EBT withdrawals marked complete on Dec 7th 2018. Later date EBT withdrawals were paid oddly.","realization"
"Thanks, that's what I was looking for! ","neutral"
"I've always found it weird how popular Nandos is in Britain.","disgust"
"Oh we're doing this again huh","realization"
"thought you were talking about gum (eucalyptus) trees. They're known to drop branches and many people are killed by them.","neutral"
"I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.","optimism"
"The guy filming creeped me out with his internet obsession. “6million views, junior, think about that! Wooo-oo-weeee :D!!!” ","fear"
"Don't apologize for a joke,especially when its true.","realization"
"Get that double double [NAME]!","excitement"
"I’m fatter than I’ve ever been before! 2019 baby!","neutral"
"Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]","disappointment"
"I'm saving that for when I can show up too","neutral"
"Meh, whenever I travel with someone who can't walk fast, I just wait for the next train.","annoyance"
"Is that a TV or a computer monitor ? :O","curiosity"
"Can someone give the non-paywall link? I know there's a way but I can't remember it.","curiosity"
"Hello fellow Newcastle vegans! We are very lucky to have so many vegan places!","gratitude"
"I love this","admiration"
"Just hanging out at UQ St Lucia is pretty cool.","approval"
"You didn't write that very clearly at all. I Wish You Would is a cover anyway, and I highly doubt that was the point of the tweet.","desire"
"My Ping Pong Queen looks so happy! I cried lol","joy"
"If she loves the place she’s at why leave? There’s something to be said for that. Idk your all’s financial situation tho","curiosity"
"I love sliding so yea","love"
"[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create","remorse"
"They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.","surprise"
"How long do we have to wait? I might need rehab.","curiosity"
"What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids. ","anger"
"RACIST THAT!","neutral"
"Like a low budget version of this amazing game show","love"
"It was a very clear shot of his face and it would have been weird to post.","fear"
"[NAME] has a second channel called JessiStyles! She has dry skin :)","neutral"
"Didn't find it believable even from the start","disapproval"
"When you start correcting spelling and grammar you lose automatically my dude. Your points stand by themselves. Being an English teacher just makes you look like a jackass","disappointment"
"But as a flamboyant bi, [NAME] is my god.","neutral"
"How much money did you find exactly? If it was a lot then you probably took their cash and the bones were left as a warning.","annoyance"
"When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?","annoyance"
"I've never woken up to a fan around my throat.","sadness"
"Guess you dont regard consent very much. We oughtta keep an eye on you","neutral"
"Its supposed to be an "eye opener" to those claiming the winning team was lucky. I am not saying either is correct.","approval"
"Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?","disapproval"
"Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel","annoyance"
"This just makes me want sushi.","desire"
"I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.","love"
"The reaction was contained under the bandaid due to big pharma’s nanobot technology to help disguise the TRUTH. :P","realization"
"You always listen to Pizza! ... especially pizza with pineapple on it!","neutral"
"Tbh may have more luck on r/funny","admiration"
"I don't know if I'm comfortable with a religion that approves of human sacrifice tbh","neutral"
"Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.","anger"
"There are 649 voting MPs, so some were absent (or abstained??)","confusion"
"There is something wrong with a man that finds a pubescent girl attractive.","neutral"
"Eh, not sure we shoulda fired [NAME]. [NAME] was regarded as one of the best for quite a long time. ","admiration"
"Sounds fun from what I’m reading on here.","amusement"
"You are. And so am I.","neutral"
"It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before","neutral"
"If 23andme and facebook team up, you get a sample and find hee facebook user with the matching sample!","neutral"
"Love situations like this...excited to see if he'll make it by tomorrow","excitement"
"Though underwear would have made this less embarrassing, I wear it for a different reason. ","embarrassment"
"The reaction is incredible. I’m quite certain it’s satire as well, but its impact is depressing as hell. ","disappointment"
"You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do. ","curiosity"
"No one asked him","neutral"
"I get excited reading headlines like this.....all the way until the end where it's always in a country NOT my own.","excitement"
"I love her doctor. You need to send him some chili and cornbread","love"
"I want someone to take me to the hospital","desire"
"You must be fun at parties.","admiration"
"You bet, sweetie ;) But I date girls so don't get too excited <3","approval"
"Oh ya, that’s [NAME]!","approval"
"I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.","relief"
"Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.","disgust"
"He does hate [NAME] though. And [NAME] gets promoted.","neutral"
""don't protect unconfirmed TP" "Claim Crus day 1 so TP will be on you" ","caring"
"Congratulations!!! And I hope those people who tried to interfere in your marriage feel very foolish now. How wonderful this is!💕","annoyance"
"I am going to be so happy when they finally air that scaly foot Dr Pimple Popper episode because I’m tired of seeing it every five minutes.","joy"
"Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?","gratitude"
"You’ll love r/2healthbars","neutral"
"I don't think we've seen his full potential yet. With [NAME] we have, he can be really good. It's just rare nowadays...","excitement"
"[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]","admiration"
"this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl","sadness"
"That man deserves a good whiskey. Hook him up.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] aren't cousins in this timeline, I believe. Just best friends.","approval"
"Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit","amusement"
"I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.","caring"
"My ETL been trying to tell us every box should take us 30 seconds max, and everyone ive asked about that has laughed and called it bullshit","approval"
"I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.","neutral"
"can we all just get along over some tea","neutral"
"You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?","approval"
"So you are the only occupant in the dwelling that drives?","surprise"
"Love the place but be ready to wait. They really do take the time to make sure you look good and fresh.","admiration"
"I can name a favorite verse in the bible, it’s that one yknow, the one with [NAME] and [NAME]!","love"
"You’ve got a lot to learn about this town, sweetie. ","admiration"
"Ok. Thanks","gratitude"
"You should watch the “Genghis Khan” music video by [NAME], suddenly these two really look like the couple in that video 😳","neutral"
"Oh, I don’t work there. My bf is in a band that plays there often. ","approval"
"Where I live this standard, however they would of only been together just three weeks. Great news for you guys thou.","pride"
"What's your source for that? Just curious (and yes I know it sounds like a tired contrarian statement).","curiosity"
"Yeah a lot of people are missing that lol","amusement"
"Brown isn't a primary color, those are red, blue and yellow...","disapproval"
"Don't worry if you're from hot, we can share my slice (:","approval"
"I wonder how it's still tagged questionable...","surprise"
"Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!","fear"
"Wow she still hasn't helped even though you recognize it?","confusion"
"Yes dumbest person on all of Reddit, please make a youtube channel for all of us to laugh at.","amusement"
"Cat puke. After a chocolate sundae. Idk. Looks horrid","neutral"
"The 4th from the right on the front row is still my favorite hat. It is hard to pair the Blue and Orange with a random outfit.","love"
"Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it. ","joy"
"[NAME] apologized to [NAME] and [NAME] about his comments. I don’t see the “I got hacked” comment.","neutral"
"Damn, you woke homie. Your virtue has been successfully signaled.","approval"
"Ferrets are such good ESA's though! Good for you at least, I love ferrets with all of my heart.","admiration"
"I will! This is a great new excuse for never leaving my house","joy"
"Maybe if I don't try to hide, they'll think someone else did it. ","neutral"
"Meanwhile, in r/nba *Typical [NAME] publicity stunt with a grandmother, the perfect deflection smh* Probably.","neutral"
"You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.","relief"
"I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!","approval"
"Avery - responsible coke users","neutral"
"Alllllllways. Losing that toonie makes you feel like a rookie every time.","sadness"
"No but some random did afterwards. You’re welcome.","neutral"
"100% yes. My sister's ex is an actual monster but my niece still sees his family.","approval"
"Ouch. Rough year for the jags. Where upstate are you?","confusion"
"That is not accurate based on the conversation i had with Mr. [NAME] today.","disapproval"
"Dallas should feel absolutely horrible this is a 1 goal game given how patheticallly bad the Devils are tonight.","annoyance"
"This just reminded me to continue designing that bloody website.","anger"
"Don't the [NAME] generally accept inerrancy? It was the universal position of the Church Fathers.","approval"
"Destroying the unrighteous to save the righteous is a righteous act. Therefore the great flood is an act of love. Whether it happened or didn't happen.","approval"
"Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.","gratitude"
"Well that isn't fucking creepy.","disgust"
"Man, [NAME] is having a heck of a career! In the end, he'll be repping us<3","neutral"
"Doesn't stop you trying to hold court over on the US sub though.","approval"
"Crazy how quick people are to forget.","disappointment"
"this one's ironic...","neutral"
"Code Vein looked interesting, though with all the delays and the fact that they've gone quiet, it's gotten me a bit concerned.","neutral"
"You’re on the internet, no one owes you research and you don’t get to claim anything for googling supporting evidence You just get to be wrong","neutral"
"This is pretty misleading. The drop is in comic sales profits for Star Wars and Marvel. They're not failing, they just not as profitable.","admiration"
"Yeah, great!","admiration"
"I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit","sadness"
"Love this - beautiful penmanship","admiration"
"Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)","caring"
"What's wrong with that? [NAME] scandal is funny but not something to focus on in 2020.","neutral"
"love love love this. so happy for the both of you.","love"
"Its literally bread on a bread board, whats the issue here?","neutral"
"On this blessed day, we are all KQLY.","neutral"
"A share house should be alright but getting a place on your own is pretty pricey.","amusement"
"There was a fuel station near mine where they put the fuel in the wrong underground tanks. So you can at least unload it wrong.","neutral"
"Unless you are actually [NAME], this is just douchy... actually, it’s douchy either way.","annoyance"
"Scared? A little bit. It's more of a simmering disgust at this point for myself.","disgust"
"hey at least you've got a friend group chat","neutral"
"Agree completely except that I would switch [NAME] and [NAME]","approval"
"Oh lol. I always just typed them out manually. :hamsad:","amusement"
"I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.","annoyance"
"That's a good policy.","admiration"
"White Oleander is such a great book, I haven't thought about it for years!! Adding it to my kindle to re-read.","admiration"
"Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection","neutral"
"Now let's see the samples!","neutral"
"[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth","confusion"
"You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?","neutral"
"She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!","admiration"
"Well that explains why [NAME] was able to win","approval"
"The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].","desire"
"Hated the work or the city?","confusion"
"you give him way too much credit with this one","gratitude"
"I think I’ve been poisoned by my constituents!","neutral"
"Last year preseason was in December, but the season started in January. I expect pre-season to occur some time during the second half of this month.","realization"
"There was no Last Airbender movie. [NAME] has invited you to Lake Laogai.","disapproval"
"The summer of love, hippie, anarchy communism thing kind of fell apart here: ","disappointment"
"It’s never been good lol","amusement"
"Wasn't the Oroville Dam collapse triggered (at least partially) by an overflow?","neutral"
"Where are all the memes about tops ending up with another top? Cause trust me, it sucks just as much, if not more. ","disapproval"
"Well, flash bangs go bang, too, to temporarily deafen and disorient, so there's that.","realization"
"Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.","sadness"
"Why does your flair say "Wasted Energy"? ","curiosity"
"Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him","disapproval"
"Thank you for the vote of confidence, but this experience has really effected me","gratitude"
"Thanks!!!","gratitude"
"Definitely surprised we took out [NAME] there. We needed to finish the quarter strong and it went straight to shit when he left.","realization"
"Please make a separate post that includes these territorial changes and not one for each village. Thank you for your efforts.","disapproval"
"Go in appropriate attire with several copies of your resume and list of references! Good luck!","caring"
"Ah, good old single level LAX. I barely remember it except traffic was a nightmare.","neutral"
"We love you here.","love"
"Yes, but his function is unclear.","anger"
"Happy new year!","neutral"
"Since no one posted it yet","approval"
"This is the sort of chucklefuck who finds himself saying "and there was nothing I could do" after a mishap... often.","annoyance"
"Why should [NAME] get to pick the Democratic party candidate?","neutral"
"I honestly predict a riot on the scale of the 2011 ones if we undergo a no-deal brexit - possibly even worse. It's terrifying.","fear"
"Doesnt have insane standards or anything. I don't see what's wrong?","curiosity"
"But economic systems do determine success of societies. If your economic system doesn't work, your political system will lean towards authoritarianism for it's politics.","neutral"
"> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.","approval"
"thank you it’s just odd it randomly showed up and hasn’t always been there","disapproval"
"Your house/estate must be first on the route. Delivery normally starts at 8am.","optimism"
"Well hopefully we’ll find out how hard her life was tonight ☺️","optimism"
"WELL SHE SPECIFIED CONSERVATIVE! NEXT!","admiration"
"Agree with everything here. Going to med school abroad will always put you at a disadvantage if you want to practice in the states","approval"
"Does southern miss have another gunslinging qb with a funny name?","curiosity"
"His fingers have swelled with pride.","pride"
"Now there are two of them!","neutral"
"Looks like you brought a nice variety for her to try, hope she enjoyed it!","neutral"
"I... can’t tell if sarcasm; because literally all of those positions involve cynicism.","disappointment"
"The worst is working with dealerships","disgust"
"Be yourself and be kind. That matters more than tiny differences. ❤️","neutral"
"I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.","disappointment"
"then never drive because the person in the other lane could swerve over and kill you","neutral"
"The concept, design and artwork are gorgeous. I would love to buy this skin if it was available in game. ","admiration"
"Roasted Brussels sprouts with they get kinda charred!! Nom nom nom","neutral"
"There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”","disappointment"
"Is anyone else bothered when the Thunder announcers mispronounce [NAME]? On that note, [NAME] AND 1!","confusion"
"Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :)","joy"
"Well...I really am [NAME], one of the original neckbeards, so maybe?","approval"
"The World Between Worlds veered worryingly close to this territory. Luckily it was handled well.","optimism"
"Hahaha years of being a nets fan makes me only look for reasons we wont win.","neutral"
"I'm not taking sides but 14 AB vs 182...","neutral"
"Spam this dude with happy birthdays","disapproval"
"read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed","annoyance"
"I've always loved [NAME] just saying are we all forgetting he literally won rookie of the year I know it was against no competition but still.","love"
"Oh, I think I misread it somewhere. Good news then! Hope [NAME] will use him next season. L","optimism"
"People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.","anger"
"I once overheard my grandpa telling my brother that “anything more than a handful is a waste”","approval"
"[NAME] isn't secretly homophobic he is openly homophobic","neutral"
"I love how some people have the mindset "children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."","love"
"Here's a real example.","approval"
"Having fuck tons of fun right now","amusement"
"This isn't uplifting. This is *enraging*. This is what the government should be doing not nine-year-old fucking children.","annoyance"
"You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].","neutral"
"Aversion towards Jewry is pretty rare in [RELIGION]. For the most part [NAME] are held in high esteem when compared against other [NAME].","neutral"
"Thanks, totally makes sense, just need to get out (and stay out) of my head =)","gratitude"
"I wanna learn how to sharpen a knife where I can basically shave vegetables like that","optimism"
"They're so scared","fear"
"I cringed so hard my vagina fell out.","sadness"
"It was genetic iirc and he had corrective surgeries on both shoulders eventually.","neutral"
"Lol nope. She helped me alot through it. I'd say [RELIGION]/parents made me miserable","amusement"
"How do I do this exactly? I am trying to go the less texting the better route but she initiates the contact.","neutral"
"I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(","disapproval"
"I envy flippers, but am in Canada where postage is so high, shipping would eat any profit.","annoyance"
"I mean he ended his “I don’t want drama” rant on instagram plugging his album so it makes sense 😂","annoyance"
"Baby's feeling their look too!","love"
"> the fact that it is illegal Watch out, we've got a time traveler over here!","approval"
"😂. Ur pathetic","admiration"
"Not for me. The ankle area is the least painful, compared to the rest of your body ","disapproval"
"I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.","neutral"
"I had that moment of “wait, am I the narcissist” too! Thankfully, like you said, time & distance cleared that up. ","gratitude"
"Edit your post and instead of it saying "face...." put "book of faces". I think thats why your post was removed.","caring"
"I'm so sorry for your loss. One of my favourite unisex names is [NAME].","joy"
"No, that's how you find the nurses who work at Vanderbilt Medical Center","neutral"
"Can you explain this?","neutral"
"This is what they're addressing when [NAME] is asking if it was OK to kill the step dad.","neutral"
"Life lesson: Say whatever you want since you'll offend somebody regardless","amusement"
"FotC for life","love"
"Thanks for the warning 😉","gratitude"
"Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.","neutral"
"Playing with my friends","neutral"
"Now you have to make up all these downvotes with some low-hanging-fruit criticism comment of [NAME] or [NAME]. Good luck and cheers!","optimism"
"How hard is it to kill 9 year olds!? One of my favorite movies.","love"
"Not to mention that half the women out there are immediately disqualified (at least in my book) by having kids.","sadness"
"Fuck my life","anger"
"Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia","annoyance"
"What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON","disappointment"
"I sub white mocha for the classic. Delicious.","neutral"
"I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him","joy"
"That's why imo [NAME] death is better.","neutral"
"Maybe [NAME] needs to have a Big Mac meal and relax.","optimism"
"He’s got no options. Not your problem. Have another wine! 😂","neutral"
"Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there","approval"
"Sounds like they’re not responsible and shouldn’t have the right to have these.","neutral"
"The judge wasn’t impartial as decided by the appeal court. The judge needs to be schooled.","anger"
"sacked surely. no one would expect to be kept on after making such corrupt mistakes in their own job.","neutral"
"I run medic all day every day.","neutral"
"Thank you! That is the goal!","gratitude"
"yeah my face goes numb in 20 degrees and lower windchill, I can't even imagine how I would feel in that!","neutral"
"Add to that the balance mess.","annoyance"
"I'm not surprised.","disapproval"
"Thanks for blocking his face OP. Could have been bad.","gratitude"
"Yes.... and ACT wanted brackets to be adjusted, but National did not. Being in government didnt mean ACT could force National on that point","neutral"
"Well of course there was an accident they were all driving on the wrong side of the road.","anger"
"Corn shells are gluten free and vegan","neutral"
"I just physically *shuddered* at the idea of redoing middle school..","nervousness"
"Very interesting link, thanks for sharing. Happy New Year!","admiration"
"This’s didn’t hold up too well.","neutral"
"I love you too, no homo.","love"
"happy cake day","gratitude"
"Based on what I've seen, all the INFJ girls seem to be blue-haired damaged moonquacks that got abandoned by daddy.","annoyance"
"Omg its hannibal cooper","surprise"
"Good luck!","optimism"
"I can see why! I would totally be offended too!","sadness"
"I love your username.","gratitude"
"I messed up by trying the sweetened tea. Maybe tea just isn't my thing? Either way, nice to have the choice be my own. [NAME]","admiration"
"[NAME] was the "socialist" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning.","disappointment"
"It most definitely is! You’ve gotta pick some up!!","neutral"
"what did he say i missed it","confusion"
"Thanks for explaining. I hope you'll fill out the survey!","gratitude"
"I daydream about putting them on. I let other people daydream about the taking them off part.","neutral"
"This feels like a reference to [NAME] from Homestar Runner but I'm not completely sure.","neutral"
"Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see ","amusement"
"Good luck with that one","gratitude"
"Cheers man, will be taking it easy for sure. ","approval"
"Glad he survived or it might have become a *dead*lift.","admiration"
"I would guess from multiple communities if they are trying to win the war against the other group","disapproval"
"Please keep making them mad","neutral"
"Wow... I’m so glad that my dog is lazy like me.","joy"
"I recently got a job that I wanted so now I don't have to live paycheck to paycheck.","joy"
"Yeah gg man","neutral"
"I have so much to think about","neutral"
"ok, im sorry","realization"
"Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.","admiration"
"I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].","joy"
"This right here... most of the orders I have done on shipt have not tipped. Not sure why customers feel entitled on that platform.","neutral"
"Well, I guess that explains my gf mood now ","confusion"
"I read this In his singing voice. Amazing.","admiration"
"Hey it's [NAME]!","neutral"
"The [NAME] work.","neutral"
"Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns","joy"
"Looks like modern art tbh but its good","approval"
"Test levels have been dropping significantly It’s well documented Why do you think that’s stupid","anger"
"Mmmm might go have one sometime!","optimism"
"Congrats! Make one extra payment a year and you’ll have it paid off in 15 years instead of 30.","caring"
"They’re looking sharp!!","admiration"
"It's ridiculous that [NAME] has inspired way more people to join rather than leave but there are way more media articles by people who have left.","neutral"
"I couldn't even get an internship for Human Resources without having 2-3 years 'Real World' experience. Still in customer service, with a ton of debt. ","annoyance"
"I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.","anger"
"What part of "Obviously it's not the one in question" were you unable to read?","confusion"
"The rhyme scheme is amazing","neutral"
"I’m so proud of you for taking care of you and your babies, mama! We love you and stay strong.","admiration"
"Problem is that most of the female posters here either do it for attention or almost immediately ghost because they come to their senses.","fear"
"is that an enby egg?","neutral"
"I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!","approval"
"No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality","disapproval"
"You mean they'd get as pissy as everyone in this thread is?","confusion"
"How early is everyone leaving tomorrow?","curiosity"
"You're the reason Publix was out of meatballs today. Hmph!","neutral"
"You're asking for scientific proof of spirituality. You're either very dumb, trolling, or you think I'm a charlatan.","annoyance"
"If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him","approval"
"It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.","disapproval"
"“she’s turned the weeans against us!”","neutral"
"Copyrights on the individual track designs? Maybe but I'd like to see them","approval"
"He has a girlfriend. Unfortunately she is not thick. He needs to take a page out of [NAME] book.","neutral"
"Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?","confusion"
"Sorry, an errant surge of frustration ","remorse"
"Why is neighbour spelt incorrectly?","annoyance"
"I did this with tuna salad. I already ate tuna a lot (at the time) and it’s a decently blank slate.","neutral"
"> the ruts laid out for you by the people who raised you I like that. It's the perfect imagery.","admiration"
"These are lovely, I have one.","love"
"Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.","amusement"
"HEY BEAUTIES ITS ME SASHA VELOUR","neutral"
"At least vote 3rd party. A vote for DSA signals a voter that could vote [NAME]. Staying home signals voter apathy","neutral"
"Of the 7’1 jacked guy. Yes","neutral"
"Update: still alive, the paranoia is gone ","approval"
"Instruct them in the matters of loss and pain.","neutral"
"No fucking clue","disapproval"
"TIL [NAME] is a real girl","admiration"
"Or dry them and press them into a book!","neutral"
"Such a great actor because he can play so many different roles! Loved his character in Banderstach","admiration"
"I love going out in treacherous weather. For real.","joy"
"I enjoy fixing problems. I think of it as a task that I can achieve. People get to overworked when they set too unreachable goals.","joy"
"He was recently defending the new Brazilian president who is uh, not left at all lol","neutral"
"I trust WeltHam, we low ball them first and watch them come back when they can't find any bigger offers.","approval"
"that's the spirt! *come to the dark side my child, embrace your hate*","neutral"
"Don't go pushing your shame on others. I pull my weight my dude.","annoyance"
"That's a Russian pun, which is super easy. Also, inferior to [NAME] "In Soviet Russia..." jokes.","amusement"
"Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.","desire"
"I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking","neutral"
"Absolutely gorgeous pass by [NAME]","admiration"
"We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.","optimism"
"The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.","fear"
"It’s beautiful hun","admiration"
"I just HAD to tell at her parents and pass on my misinformation! 🙄","optimism"
"The humidity in Sydney is worse.","disgust"
"I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. ","joy"
"Bird box challenge....","neutral"
"She is blackmailing him, which is illegal. If she releases the pics, that would also be illegal. How old is/was she?","neutral"
"Me, for example. I am very very happy.","joy"
"You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.","neutral"
"[NAME] is back. So erect.","neutral"
"Hey, [NAME] isn't *that* annoying","confusion"
"Carelessness will find no clemency in this place! (I was late, it seems that others have already got the best lines...)","disapproval"
"Nice work [NAME]!","gratitude"
"Apparently those corpses, along with hideouts, are the only ones that can give you treasure maps","caring"
"*With Great power; comes great responsibility.*","optimism"
"glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. ","optimism"
"Yes, this! You are too young to wasting your time with this. ","approval"
"Seriously. I legit laughed at this.","amusement"
"Right. All a delusion in order to control people.","neutral"
"I was tripping balls my first time.","embarrassment"
"And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.","neutral"
"If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of "I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."","remorse"
"How do you know if this gets downvoted to hell, but a lot of times before dying (6 hits taken.).","confusion"
"[NAME] needs to be moved up to second place and [NAME] needs to be under jay lmao [NAME] should be moved up too","neutral"
"so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.","love"
"It’s a metaphor. No one cares how big his anatomy is.","neutral"
"Say what you want about me, I can take it... but stop slandering poor defenseless [NAME]...","annoyance"
"I watched the CWC from the stadium and boy is he amazing.","admiration"
"[NAME] looked just as bad as [NAME].","disgust"
"Yeah I have no sympathy for them.","approval"
"I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.","admiration"
"I don't think playing with her hair would work. Thats just creepy.","fear"
"He’s legally blind... medical marijuana is a thing bro... got any on ya?","disapproval"
"Lol ok 👌🏾","amusement"
"Apparently I'm ugly because I don't have 20 strangers a day coming up to me to tell me I'm attractive :(","neutral"
"Yup like 40/60 for me","neutral"
"why does this feel like rightwing propaganda made because they are pant shittingly terrified of her...","curiosity"
"Well thank you for all that you are doing. Have you considered becoming a dispatcher too while you are at it? Haha","amusement"
"I'm in phoenix today for work. The weather here is great. It's all rainy and cold in seattle this time if year.","admiration"
"We discussed vaping, but decided against trying it due to the cost of investment in the equipment.","neutral"
"Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.","excitement"
"By all means explain to me, after reading all of that above, how I don't know. Go on... I'll wait","neutral"
"I should have changed that stupid lock! I should have made you leave your key!","neutral"
"ill yes, but hater you if you mean from the Southern US","anger"
"i find it a little disgusting if swear words are used frequently and unironically.","disgust"
"Fuck gateway pundit but it’s not a hoax","annoyance"
"Hahha i agree but i still want him to say sorry.","annoyance"
"Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.","approval"
"Thanks [NAME] for winning so we don't have to see so much of [NAME] laughable career dwindling away.","gratitude"
"Everytime i see a T-Wolves game and i see [NAME] running around with the number 67 jersey on i just laugh","neutral"
"Appreciate the honesty though","approval"
"Such dumbass,I think I'm going to take my dog somewhere else","optimism"
"Your adventure begins, They were always beside you","neutral"
"Laugh now, while you can, and the robot overlords are weak and stupid. Tomorrow, though... take a deep breath... and wait.","gratitude"
"Omgggg i’m dying at Stassi. She looks like she was going for a jersey shore look. Shes still gorgeous though","admiration"
"Very nice.","gratitude"
"I was at that game!!","joy"
"[NAME] has lost it and I'm loving it!","love"
"What accent does the man talking in the video have? It sounds Scottish to me, but I'm just guessing.","curiosity"
"yeah but FUCK devil roar. I swear a volcano happens every single time I step on land there","anger"
"Not sure if I'm having a woosh moment or you think I meant something else...","approval"
"If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day","caring"
"Any more comments calling me SWERF for caring about sex workers will be blocked and reported I s2g","neutral"
"Convenience.' If that's your view of the issue, not much else to say.","neutral"
"Is [NAME] back on his meds? This is really calm by his normal standards.","neutral"
"[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that","desire"
"To think that Doom GOATs isn't even EM's strongest form...damn, no wonder the [NAME] are 100% on EM","realization"
"It really do be like that sometimes","neutral"
"Good point, it’s nice and frustrating for both sides I see. Definitely worse for the lower levels. That’s too bad","admiration"
"Only >!best boys!< get in this sandwich","neutral"
"What's awful about it?","neutral"
"It definitely revealed how ugly the hatred on the Left has gotten.","anger"
"Im reaching that age where some of my friends getting married, having kids, making 6figures and going to jail...","nervousness"
"**Who would win:** a team of 10+ moderators with libertarian principals or one person with a Python programming environment?","confusion"
"I love [NAME]. I really love him. Xx","love"
"Tbh I couldn't tell if he was serious or shitposting","confusion"
"I think we should, he is one of the best centers in the game ","approval"
"I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.","realization"
"We need people like you to bring /r/MasturbationLog back to life","pride"
"I dont think self-sources work for TIL.","disapproval"
"Sorry but I’m out of the loop on this. What and when is in play? Thanks.","neutral"
"Yep. This sub is just being overly reactionary, which surprises no one.","annoyance"
"Via Napoli in Epcot is amazing, but no garlic bread (the pizza is great though). ","admiration"
"Freakin cheers man, that looks delicious right now!","admiration"
"Thanks, I wouldn't have noticed the car without it.","relief"
"He's not an ugly guy, but 8 is too high. He's between 5-6.","love"
"Gamers know all too well how it feels to be oppressed by society.","excitement"
"Love this!!!","love"
"Just shut up dude","anger"
"She needs a hobby other than Instagram live.","neutral"
"This is not a why were they filming. The person filming clearly saw it from further away, and then got closer after turning on the camera.","disapproval"
"Do you shut the door and allow them to stay there or do you leave it open?","neutral"
"I'm guessing "Corporate Stooge" didn't focus group well.","neutral"
"Fox News devoted 42 seconds on [NAME], wow.","surprise"
"It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.","disapproval"
"I'm not super happy about having to see his face in the news for at least another 6 years.","disapproval"
"Thank you for this video","gratitude"
"This is from just down the road from where I lived at uni in Liverpool, I'm not surprised by their reaction at all.","neutral"
"[NAME] account is 9 hours old. No way this is real.","neutral"
"I always thought [NAME] wore the most adorable outfits.","admiration"
"Serenity and love and loving serenity.","neutral"
"I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.","disappointment"
"It's funny cause OP is trying go against the mindset that most men are predators but in inadvertently reinforcing it :/ awkward.","amusement"
"The prevailing thought is he'll be too expensive to resign. I love him as a piece on the team but he's a deal sweetener.","neutral"
">zucchini Literally LOL! I'm trying not to wake my sleeping husband, but I can't stop laughing!","amusement"
"i thought i was the only one who felt this way!","realization"
"Not really, they can do what they've been doing and force a no deal brexit pretty soon...","approval"
"Not where I expected that to go...but uh...good luck out there!","optimism"
"I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once","neutral"
"The real tips are always in the comments :D","approval"
"Get through Hartford by 7 AM or you're going to assume you've died and gone to hell.","neutral"
"I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.","approval"
"Fine as long as the experience is not frustrating. Problem is not balance problem is it’s not fun","annoyance"
"challenge him to a bout of fisticuffs.","neutral"
"I drew that Godzilla!!! I'm OPs friend btw.","pride"
"Everyone’s freaking out about our OC. Our need for O-line is more substantial imo","anger"
"This is amazing dude, literally flawless work","admiration"
"He really likes Babylon 5","neutral"
""Hey look at this reciept! Oops I totally didn't mean to show off my great body." I see what you did there ;)","embarrassment"
"That’s better:-) now go get em tiger","approval"
"That’s reasonable","approval"
"Do you happen to know what time and program that was, please? I’d like to see it. Thanks. ","curiosity"
"You’ll just be throwing them up. Ain’t worth it.","disapproval"
"This submission was removed for breaking rule 7. This topic has already been posted, please search.","neutral"
"Ok, I guess I gotta show some commitment, thanks!","approval"
"Did you get to try the bipod? I can't wait till I get home.","curiosity"
"I don't recall saying we didn't - I just don't think we're particularly bad.","realization"
"I had an ex who was [NAME] and a drunk and eventually got into crack","neutral"
"I didnt say otherwise, I just think that it shouldn't happen at all. It just shows how outdated and incompetent the league is.","neutral"
"Yeah, that was all you though. Goodnight and happy new year ","neutral"
"Which was even more possible 2 years ago. It’s tougher now than it was with a larger republican majority.","realization"
"Same. The low cloud is neat, but to me the emptiness of that area of downtown is what's striking.","approval"
"Bam, it's suddenly fixed! Thanks that was great. This is all happening in Bizarro World.","gratitude"
"Another senseless tragedy.","disapproval"
"Wise choice. You had kebab.","pride"
"Woah up until this comment I thought the same","approval"
"Ive never been happier and wouldnt want to live any other way","neutral"
"She doesn't hate him much if she just kept letting him get away with his racket.","disappointment"
"Yeah, I feel like Velvet Underground is the band of choice for 20 year olds ","annoyance"
"Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry","embarrassment"
"Anyone else's NHL feed die?","neutral"
"Landslide.","neutral"
"I was reading up on that, sounds like the long-term success rate is similar too.","neutral"
"Wonder why he's falling backwards, it can't possibly be because the player is falling into him.","realization"
"The best one for me is still Borderlands 2, and it’s been a fucking while. Amazing how far ahead of its time that game was.","admiration"
"unrelated, but i love your flair","love"
"What if gets in your belly button? And doesn't it trickle down the side?","confusion"
"It's weird that actual socialists will say that politics has moved far to the right.","disapproval"
"I drop at Bush but never pick up. Hobby I can usually drop and do a quick pick up right after during peak hours.","neutral"
"Let's hope you've got the self control to not binge :) I know I didn't","optimism"
"This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate","joy"
"._. yeah, the man is doing something wrong if we feel nothing.","annoyance"
"At least they've got their hand-cry coordination down.","neutral"
"This episode also had the segment where a paralized [NAME] communicates by farting. So, yes it is the worst. Lisa Goes Gaga is a close second.","disgust"
"Perhaps they did and downvoted the quality of the article. Maybe you're just trying to insert your own bias here?","neutral"
"we just don’t match amazon at all to avoid this sort of thing.","disapproval"
"Not up in UK yet","neutral"
"Hah, serves him right.","approval"
"such a deep and powerful tweet","admiration"
"[NAME] they need a union so badly.","nervousness"
"He quit when he got deep into drug addiction. From what [NAME] and co were saying it seemed like he could barely function.","neutral"
"She met [NAME] after.","neutral"
"The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.","annoyance"
"I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂","excitement"
"You’re in Iceland, a particularly craggy rock would be pretty interesting to you. ","admiration"
"RemindMe! 3 day","neutral"
"He did!","approval"
"Welcome to religion 101","neutral"
"The Magic are good at being frustrating.","approval"
"I don't have children yet so I will just have a long conversation with my balls tonight","neutral"
""I refuse to argue with anyone born before 1980: They don't even know how to rotate PDFs" That is exactly how this stupid argument sounds","anger"
"do some blow and spice, it'll be just another day in Florida for Florida man","neutral"
"Thats the high life of empowerment.","neutral"
"[NAME] is gonna smash tj ez","neutral"
"The bar for being a neckbeard has been lowered irretrievably.","neutral"
"Looks like a poached egg.","approval"
"That’s Wikipedia, isn’t it? So not quite official. ","curiosity"
"😂 thanks. I like yours!! Makes me think of yoga retreats but like in the best way possible","gratitude"
"Prove me wrong. Provide a single YouTube link that works! Thanks.","gratitude"
"No just take care of your body!!! Fuck that","anger"
"My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!","fear"
"Ice at the office sounds like such a luxury to me! I wish!","joy"
"Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL","neutral"
"I think that's more a matter of character's personalities, I think, more than development. But for the rest, I agree. ","neutral"
"I just had an overabundance of fudge. I took several pounds to my regular dispensary and they were thrilled.","neutral"
"Were lucky we were able to get this much money back for him wish him all the best in spain","caring"
"so, when and how do we pull a lando and turn on vader?","curiosity"
"Don’t be a class traitor","annoyance"
"[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me. ","sadness"
"i got [NAME] a bit of a long shot but i see why","neutral"
""*You can sifu stance your bitchass on outta here!"*","neutral"
"My last GF called me a pedophile too. Big word for a 12 year old.","confusion"
"Your work is amazing! Really like the Rugrat one. The melting style is so cool. Prices are very reasonable for the quality too","admiration"
"Hate this guys videos","anger"
"You have a minute to win it. Every second counts!","neutral"
"Nice one comrade","admiration"
"Ya did good, bud.","admiration"
"Maybe it's not over for you. Is there a gym for social awkwardness?","embarrassment"
"And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.","approval"
"I mean, [NAME] really is downplaying the guys’ friendship. That’s suspect to me.","realization"
"Stop what?","confusion"
"Weird flex, but ok","approval"
"We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.","neutral"
"Yeah this is pretty eye opening. I’ve had pretty weird relationships with my reflection in the past but thankfully it’s not always this way.","gratitude"
"Sounds like you had a much rougher night than me. You win this round","neutral"
"But thats a few hours ahead!","neutral"
"They didn’t cite a source. On top of the spelling mistakes. It’s why you don’t trust infographics for stats.","neutral"
"Crossposting is a terrific feature on Reddit. I'm happy if someone does it to me because it means more people will read one of my posts.","joy"
"The smell lasts a half hour so maybe don't go to the Policeman's Ball right after. Rye and rhubarb sounds pretty fucking mint though","caring"
"Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.","approval"
"Obviously, as long as [NAME] commanded it then it's moral. Morality brought to you by stone age goat herders!","neutral"
"Papaoutai still leaves me bald.","embarrassment"
"I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick","disapproval"
"Wow that was such a beautiful drive by [NAME]. Really wish we could see more of that","neutral"
"How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.","anger"
"It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol","amusement"
"Not exactly starving though is it, so my point still stands.","neutral"
"[NAME] might steal this format if that’s ok with you lol","amusement"
"Thank you comrade","gratitude"
"He did a [NAME] score? ... yup, that's how unmemorable it was","curiosity"
"yes i did, thanks for explaining","gratitude"
"Brother please allow me to humbly agree. This is done. Take care of yourself.","approval"
"The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.","anger"
"Just invite him in on opening day and close the door, seal it up for 2000 years and that will be the end of the matter.","neutral"
"Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line","fear"
"This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming","realization"
"Yeah, but are [NAME] really willfully ignorant? Their beliefs come easy to them. ","curiosity"
"Been spot on so far.","neutral"
"I'm nauseous","sadness"
"And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.","approval"
"This is extremely state specific.","neutral"
"Who's excited for the reveal of mortal kombat 11 next week?","curiosity"
"Police aside, storms and high tides may make things a little tricky","disgust"
"[NAME] people. Just vaccinate your overgrown sperm cells and people won't have to die.","sadness"
"It’s awful. I couldn’t even see the ending at all.","sadness"
"Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')","admiration"
"I'm so glad I saw this!!! Now I know how to wash my face! I can't wait for the tooth brushing tutorial🤗","excitement"
"How did you try it if it's not live yet? There was no early access to it","neutral"
"Yo. This is the stuff of nightmares, and that background music really freaks me out.","neutral"
"Cool. I wish I could come to anarchopulco this year. Have fun.","optimism"
"I wear sweet scents and get compliments from men on how good I smell quite a bit Good thing I love sweet vanilla,Amber,berry scents ","approval"
"They were pretty cool in, like, 2010, but then everyone seemed to realize that you could write on the wipeboard with the same effect. ","optimism"
"I watch his YouTube stuff. It's gross!","approval"
"Wow! That's too real, it touched me! Nice work :D","admiration"
"thanks for answering!","gratitude"
"that's a proud dad","joy"
"I read the second tier cast makes very little by comparison. So [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], etc","neutral"
"Grr big company BAD "They can afford it"","annoyance"
"[NAME] should be used to getting booed by Yankee fans though.","amusement"
"Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers* ","anger"
"It is possible to be a shitbag and also suffer the unfair competition of organized conglomerates of shitbags. Besides, OP wasn't referring to all independent farmers.","neutral"
"Wow I hope TSM keeps this new midlaner they picked up.","optimism"
"nah man im just shook and dead™️","disapproval"
"Yeah man, gotta suck it up and be a man. /s","neutral"
"What a snake. Typical Fort Mcmurray politics.","surprise"
"nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.","anger"
"Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!","anger"
"Am I dense or is that not funny either?","neutral"
"I read this silently to myself yet everyone around started clapping because of this kid","embarrassment"
"Which company? Tell us, they can't do shit.","neutral"
"Chaintip is coming back, it's just taking me a while!","approval"
"Wow. Yes. But here I am. On my phone. Responding.","surprise"
"see im on here having fun meming on all yall basement dwellers, stay salty ","amusement"
"Find some good rats bro, and just run thru them man. I mean just plow thru them and get your sex game up. ","neutral"
"I don't remember this song at all I had it on psp back then.","neutral"
"The situation never should’ve gotten to that point.","disappointment"
"I personally find it very funny how they talk about vaccines not helping against cancer, while there isn't even a vaccine against cancer","annoyance"
"35k? That's just crazy. Mine was less than 2k, and that includes the wedding dress.","curiosity"
"Disgusting performance. [NAME] appears clueless.","confusion"
"Made me cry and my one year old golden who was laying near my feet ended up coming up and snuggling me.","realization"
"Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now. ","disappointment"
"This has worked for me so many times, whenever I try to make a new habit I try to maintain it for 2 weeks and then it becomes routine","approval"
"Thanks, but I am most certainly broken.","gratitude"
"No cocaine? London will collapse.","neutral"
"I ate the PETA idiot who ate a vegan diet and had leftovers of him. He wasn't as tasty as a cow.","neutral"
"Wow, what a controversial opinion.","admiration"
"I actually enjoy watching this while eating","excitement"
"[NAME] ruined religion. It’s the only good thing they’ve done.","admiration"
"How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks","gratitude"
"That's very disturbing to be honest, casually admitting you'd turn to cannibalism...? Ehhh","annoyance"
"Man, I assumed it was already out and I'd missed it.","disappointment"
"Too bad they lost.","disappointment"
"Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.","caring"
"That got rid of an unwanted boner real quick","relief"
"Cause this isn't a woman its a dude :D","disapproval"
"I'm 'old school' Manual; left arm (unless contraindicated), straightened, relaxed breathing, no talking, slow release.","neutral"
"Thanks a ton again, and honeslty haha im so ready to get out and have my own life for once","gratitude"
"[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.","anger"
"Pissed at you for not allowing them to live in ignorant bliss?","annoyance"
"[NAME] found the perfect position to not have to defend [NAME] or [NAME]. Amazing instinct to be honest","admiration"
"Great setup.","admiration"
"I supported a third party lunatic. Huge difference.","neutral"
"The leader of the revolutionaries would be exploiting the labor of the revolutionaries below him!","disappointment"
"That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD","grief"
"Congrats! Enjoy a free slice, I think you know what to do with this 🍕","excitement"
"This just in: we’re all FAKES because of [NAME]","neutral"
"Shit yeah. Awesome fatality!!!","admiration"
"I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.","annoyance"
"Let people have fun","joy"
"That’s v strange behaviour.","surprise"
"This is exactly why I fantasize about carrying a glass emergency hammer. This is also exactly why I shouldn’t!","embarrassment"
"Lots of physical intimacy and sex almost every time we met. Never suspected that this would ever become a problem.","realization"
"If there was Romanian news being covered, I'd want to hear from a Romanian reporter... this is the worst take I've ever heard.","annoyance"
"OP is just a kid. Let's just move on.","approval"
"[NAME] breaks to love early in the third.","neutral"
"Hey Man! Your house is on fire! All you gotta do is look just turn around and look!","surprise"
"It's possible though, that the mere threat of getting caught is enough of a deterrent ","neutral"
"He’s creepy","annoyance"
"Make a doctor's appointment and say you are experiencing lack of sleep because of anxiety. Doesn't get easier.","caring"
"Honestly, an obvious possibility is you find the men who you are banging other than him to be more attractive. ","love"
"Annihilate the furry and bring honor to my house.","pride"
"My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!","joy"
"What's that like? Like what's the thought process? I dunno. I know what's a weird question..i just can't imagine","neutral"
"Miss you...","sadness"
"*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*","anger"
"They don’t want to fight, they want to dress up and play in the woods every month ","neutral"
"The douche is strong with this one.","admiration"
"If I had that I’d stop working and travel full time. I do not understand the avarice of the wealthy. It makes no fucking sense.","desire"
"Mom has a Buc-ees cup!!","excitement"
"I enjoy fixing problems. I think of it as a task that I can achieve. People get to overworked when they set too unreachable goals.","joy"
"Amended: skip all intros AFTER THE FIRST TIME. I actually want to see them... ONCE. That said: pressing a button ain't no hassle.","neutral"
"I guess there's this, but that's all I can think of.","neutral"
"wow. I think you've done all you can.","excitement"
"This gives me life","admiration"
"drink ur milk and you'll grow to be a big strong man","caring"
"This is the best Cowboy Story Arch.","admiration"
"Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!","gratitude"
"#THANK YOU FOR THE RED ARROWS. I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED IT WAS THE TOP COMMENT","gratitude"
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA "lonely" girls from this very sub","neutral"
"No the limiting factor is the leader raped a young boy and paid his silence","anger"
"will do, thanks for the heads up!","gratitude"
"[NAME], I love these kinds of threads.","love"
"[NAME] is showing unusual restraint at the sight of a defenseless woman.","neutral"
"A fucking power outage during a hurricane and your car is fucked.","anger"
"That's how you can tell she lost consciousness: zero muscle tone.","neutral"
"Great news. Thanks for sharing Crunk! Donated...","approval"
"No. [NAME] is the clear #1. But [NAME] could go first round","optimism"
"I’m hugging you back!!! Not in a weird way. :-). Thank you, internet stranger. ","gratitude"
"Fus Ro D..omg the sun is coming up","excitement"
"Yup, even if they had a very rough life... Nobody ages thaaaaaat badly.","realization"
"Guy looks like he's taking a nasty deuce.","annoyance"
"Best side quest ever!","admiration"
"Fake The monkey was a paid actor!","disapproval"
"good luck my friend","caring"
"Maybe if [NAME] is still playing","confusion"
"Because they're forgettable major label garbage that paraded around as punk because they care about more animals than they do people, that's why.","neutral"
"My DVR did the same thing as yours Damn them.","approval"
"Just stop.","anger"
"Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring","gratitude"
"The simple ones feel elegant.","admiration"
"The barriers in large only exist with respect to Canadian oil. Other producers (with the exclusion of Venezuela ) seem to be enjoying a very profitable time.","approval"
"First- damn what a block Secondly- that was a really smart timeout there. Expected a prayer shot.","neutral"
"I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!","joy"
"You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.","surprise"
"Yeah I know, it’s just wishful thinking but I would be ecstatic if it came out today","excitement"
"I thought legends already started.","neutral"
"You just worded it badly, like we all SHOULD want to see it change, which many of us don’t.","annoyance"
"Furries would love this","neutral"
"Lol my comment started all this again","amusement"
"Welcome to eb games","gratitude"
"Why is it that EVERY SINGLE TIME ONE OF THESE HAPPENS I’m only like a day late","neutral"
"Safe rooms and hidden passages, I hope.","neutral"
"Oh nice I have that one","admiration"
"Crazy how quick people are to forget.","disappointment"
"That's like... too meta for me, man....","neutral"
"Nah I think that’s a salarian from mass effect 😂😂","neutral"
"back then at school there was a girl in my class who probably had social anxiety too but i never said anything to her...","remorse"
"Does the world really need this?","neutral"
"Never take advice from someone named "poor judgement" ","admiration"
"I'm not commenting on their chemistry or whatever, just that the age gaps are similar and it's ok to point that out either way.","approval"
"Please explain oh wise one","curiosity"
"That sounds delicious! Looks like I’m making a trip to the supermarket today.","neutral"
"Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.","disgust"
"It is part of the political game unfortunately.","disappointment"
">I thought we were retiring the older guys. Because the geniuses on reddit said so?","confusion"
"Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u","optimism"
"YOU WOULD THINK MISSISSIPPI STATE HAD GROWN MEN ON THEIR TEAM WITH ALL OF THOSE DROPPED BALLS","neutral"
"Poor show was way too ahead of its time :<","disapproval"
"Damn. It's hard to comprehend how massive the USA really is.","confusion"
">It's for this reason I'm hoping to leave. Where to if you don't mind me asking?","curiosity"
"I wasn’t saying she was faking just curious to see her reaction to it","curiosity"
"I'm not even surecwhat it is why do people hate it?","confusion"
"Any time. Sorry she is putting you through this. I hope you two figure it out soon.","optimism"
"Fun game. Good expansion too","admiration"
"Oh my gosh! I subscribed to both! Thank you so much for the recommendation.","anger"
"Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy","gratitude"
"You’ll have to take it up with my good friend [NAME]","neutral"
"Haha I had to use an analogy that rang with the older generation as well as the connection it has to social media.","amusement"
"Next you're gonna tell me they didn't invent iron! The fuck?","anger"
"Reads the title... so what? Reads the rest... oh. OH. Always nice to see reverse clickbait","joy"
"Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!","admiration"
"I love her omg","love"
"Call me cynical, but I wish things wouldn't go back. That's why I like Infinity Wars as much as I did.","neutral"
"Hahah Yea imagine what the GM guys will do when the DD app crashes for hours","curiosity"
"Kitchens use bacteria floor cleaner it would almost definitely make you sick","realization"
"Copyrights on the individual track designs? Maybe but I'd like to see them","optimism"
"I figure that if it was that easy, they would have given the task to somebody paid less.","approval"
"Because the people pushing the myth are either willfully ignorant or outright malicious.","neutral"
"I believe they use some tissue from the urethra that creates some small amount of lubrication.","desire"
"Call the security company next time. Not the police","disappointment"
"I think he actually isn't feeling well tonight. He left practice early yesterday because he felt light headed, [NAME] still put him in.","neutral"
"I'm 27 and still look 15. When does this change?","annoyance"
"[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.","disapproval"
"Happy Together. It feels so natural.","joy"
"Appreciate the update, hope this one is the right one though ! ","optimism"
"And of course you forgot the chillis that make him orange","neutral"
"Should probably change the title to add that it is for medical only.","approval"
""Now get out of here! But before you go..."","neutral"
"It was once was mine too. Im starting to use it again. :) It is so fucking beautiful,","excitement"
"Did you heretics","neutral"
"[NAME] from elfen lied is that you?","curiosity"
"Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping","approval"
"Yeah I feel like we’d be able to do *something*, just not sure what... I find it interesting as hell though! ","excitement"
"Midland has a ton of smart people. A lot of petroleum engineers.","admiration"
"I am sure epic is going to go the disney way and not have any "controversal" stuff on their platform.","neutral"
"GSC is my strain and I want to try some legal stuff but dear lord, $82.","neutral"
"Thanks for answering instead of "but hillary".","gratitude"
"So this offer is only open to isis? do you need to show some form of id to get the money.","neutral"
"I like Kyber","love"
"The design was interesting. But it had a lot of flaws","admiration"
"Does you guys remember brutal left hand by the hitman hearns against [NAME]","curiosity"
"Aw thats so sweet A loving cimmunity is what [NAME] and [NAME] deserve for giving us such amazing content every day","neutral"
"Ur right. It was a loose comparrison.. I hope i got my point across at least.","optimism"
"I hate [NAME] and [NAME] for what they've done to this franchise. And I'm growing to hate [NAME] as well.","anger"
"Me too :(","neutral"
"I dont think thats too far off. There are 200k homes in most suburbs.","approval"
"Cheers for the reply ;)","joy"
"you should be super proud of yourself. super, super proud. you are absolutely strong, brave and above all AWESOME!! ","admiration"
"Dude, if this was real you wouldn't have mentioned godfather. ","neutral"
"They’re led by...gasp... a WOMAN!","excitement"
"[NAME] is bae, how dare you.","anger"
"I can't wait until I can get my app up and running now.","neutral"
"Oh that’s right! It was mayonnaise for the lice. I don’t deserve those upvotes!","neutral"
"I wonder how she would respond if he said this. It's almost worth doing to find out.... Almost","curiosity"
"Have to agree. The government welfare and biased divorce courts which are enforced by the state are to blame.","anger"
"Emergency vehicle, lights on, no siren?","disgust"
"I peg the difference","neutral"
"Him staying seems more realistic. I just hope we can land him.","optimism"
"Shit you are right! I can't believe I forgot to mention that as well! Thanks for pointing that out ;)","embarrassment"
"Say what? I don't get the joke - is that the founder of the MLM? Are you talking sexually or financially *railed*?","neutral"
"Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.","love"
"No, he’s been with more women than I have been with men. He loves sex and has no problems with an erection. ","disapproval"
"I'm curious to see the difference, but sadly that's not really something you can just ask someone.","realization"
"$1200 gets you a hell of a nice mortgage on a home.","approval"
"That's what worries me the most - the exposed glans. Is there anything you can recommend so I can prepare myself for underwear etc?","curiosity"
"Wow. Racists are really coming out of the woodwork to excuse and defend racism. How sad.","amusement"
"sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.","remorse"
"You're asking for scientific proof of spirituality. You're either very dumb, trolling, or you think I'm a charlatan.","neutral"
"Wow those girls in the corner "twerking" were the best (worst?) part. ","admiration"
"Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.","love"
"The polls don't reflect that. He's more popular than ever","neutral"
"On a college campus surrounded by undergrads. I feel old.","disappointment"
"[NAME] that was me","approval"
"I tell myself that but when I’m at 90 I’m like a zombie","neutral"
"Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.","admiration"
"I don't know exactly why, but I think [NAME] would really dig on [NAME]. [NAME] would go for the Death Wish movies. ","confusion"
"He seems like the most genuine dude. I’m so happy to have him as our coach.","admiration"
"That was the most remarkable thing, how fluid her conversations were, without a trace of shyness.","neutral"
"Why was this deleted?","surprise"
"I mean, they did just that in Djibouti I believe, and Sri Lanka before. Hopefully Kenya can avoid the debt trap","optimism"
"[NAME] and [NAME] would be the prettiest duo of all time PAUSE","admiration"
"Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱","admiration"
"Ignoring the refs for a second, [NAME] defense always does well against us","neutral"
"group wasn't bad. Edit: Unless you're talking home rentals then my bad.","approval"
"I feel this!","neutral"
"[NAME] buyin?","curiosity"
"more like 69turds","neutral"
"Don't be so damn lazy, just type NEW YEAR'S EVE! I suppose you caled it Y2K also. - I'm so disappointed in you.","neutral"
"Great movie, almost timeless :)","admiration"
"Is [NAME] more of a [NAME] or a [NAME]?","neutral"
"Everything can be turned into a fetish, why right now someone could be jerking off while watching paint dry. ","neutral"
"that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else","disapproval"
"Bless them!","caring"
"For that tropical flavor","neutral"
"culver's is good shit edit: not saying that you were saying it was bad, just to clarify","disapproval"
"Wouldn’t that have to be mutual","neutral"
"THE ONLY RUMOR I'VE EVER HEARD IS WHETHER OR NOT THE SEARCH FUNCTION EXISTS. SPOILER ALERT: IT DOES.","approval"
"That's just a bad close-out, gotta know [NAME] is bating for those.","remorse"
"See a lawyer, there's more trouble coming from your ex... She likes free money And a accountant...","disgust"
"Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')","admiration"
"That's actually kinda funny. Just hoping you don't ask for a transfer to the women's facilities.","amusement"
"Looks like he's been dealing with a wrecking ball of stuff","realization"
"Super petty. The story makes you sound pretty jealous and controlling, as well. Especially the "SJW" line... It sounds like a 16-year-old incel. ","admiration"
"[NAME], this really is stunning","surprise"
"Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is "almost no one". Bloody hell mate. ","annoyance"
"the longest week (2014) I don’t know if it’s still available but it was pretty good romantic comedy","amusement"
"What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror","neutral"
"My boy [NAME] <3","love"
"Oh man. I feel so bad for her, but am morbidly curious at the same time. Got more pics? ","curiosity"
"MUSK is just HITLER if you remember that: M=HI U=TL S=E K=R!","neutral"
"I'd steal that!... just as cool.","joy"
"came in here ready to congratulate myself for the hot take of voting for [NAME] over [NAME] before realising that I didn't see [NAME]","admiration"
"That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.","anger"
"[NAME] has the same amount of points as [NAME]","neutral"
"Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.","annoyance"
"I.E. dictatorial control of foreign countries for the purposes of resource extraction.","neutral"
"Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.","admiration"
"Me. I really needed to see this. ☹️","sadness"
"It seems as if you are the one that is unable to feel women.","disapproval"
"Put a shirt on, this is the internet for [NAME] sake! ","neutral"
"This post is not going to age well.","neutral"
"If your waifu was real she would never love you","realization"
"I have the darndest feeling you already know the answer.","neutral"
"Your right i will talk to him tonight","realization"
">It doesn't sound like the author has ever actually been to Vietnam Can't rule out credibility tourism","disapproval"
"Yelling anger sorrow. Not that funny to me.","disapproval"
"How has nobody in the coaching staff tried to stop [NAME] from going in and killing us","confusion"
"I don't remember being able to hear in those situations. I think...","confusion"
"Bisexuality does not and never has implied gender preference. Assuming that is perpetuating biphobia.","neutral"
"Presuming you are in the mitten as well. Solidarity sister. My house too looks like a bomb went off and my toddler hates clothes.","neutral"
"[NAME] only sends angels when he wants you to fuck 14 year old girls","neutral"
"The shipping container are my friends, damnit","neutral"
"ok","neutral"
"This made me laugh until i tried to "like" the post. Dammit. I am the old people on the Facebook. Shit.","amusement"
"LA isn’t some scrub team, a win here could really boost us. ","neutral"
"How are they significant? Israel does these exercises all the time?","curiosity"
"I'm pretty sure this is the classic case of spending the time between sets laying on the equipment and texting/chapchatting/facetiming","approval"
"Here's the authors blog.","neutral"
"Your same-gender partner","neutral"
"OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW","annoyance"
"is the entire cast at least on there and not cut off at the bottom like the other pic I saw here?","confusion"
"Facial hair ability: [NAME] Looks like [NAME] got a bloody nose a week ago and hasn’t washed the blood out yet.","annoyance"
"“I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.”","neutral"
"Man I hope someone got fired for that blunder.","optimism"
"All the [NAME] who’ve been harassed or assaulted for “looking [NAME]” will be glad to hear that.","approval"
"We just got a ninja coffee machine. Don’t even need filters! It has little waste besides the coffee grounds. I love it.","admiration"
"Especially funnier whens its commented on a song from like 2004.","amusement"
"Life is precious? Then how come you shot [NAME], huh?","anger"
"You are valued and appreciated","admiration"
"This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.","grief"
"Because he's an anti-science fool, like other irrational "environmentalists".","neutral"
"They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.","fear"
"AWIL, great movie.","admiration"
"Better try next time. Remember to apply yourself and learn history instead of getting angry.","caring"
"Dang. That IVF story. I feel so badly for that woman oh my god","disappointment"
"Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.","annoyance"
"And then another guy comments to congratulate him on getting a comment from her, wishing he could one day get the same. Maaan o man. ","neutral"
"Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.","annoyance"
"Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.","neutral"
"That's the kind of problem a physical therapist is more qualified to handle. Good luck","caring"
"Welp see you in eternity!!!","neutral"
"[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.","neutral"
"Invite everyone in the server, it fills fast","approval"
"The famous tank man. We know close to nothing about him. So I rather preferred to think he is living his life peacefully.","admiration"
"Good thing you didn't call your niece obtuse, that could have been bad","neutral"
"Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly","approval"
"He makes Talking Thrones look good.","admiration"
"He was going for a new record for fastest to the bottom.","admiration"
"I've invested 9 goddamn years watching these twits. I'm going down with the ship.","annoyance"
"[NAME] who? Sorry i only know short haired [NAME]","embarrassment"
"You mean you wouldn't want to be a transhuman cyborg alien experiment? That's not very cash money of you, my friend.","confusion"
"I want to hug both of them.","caring"
"That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.","approval"
"You're not missing anything, don't worry about it.","caring"
"Any particular reason or just because it seemed redundant?","neutral"
"So many freakin' softies dude.","neutral"
"Man [NAME] played really fucking well I hope this game especially after [NAME] last game establishes him as the starter.","optimism"
"Not necessarily. Poor people tend to purchase cheaper foods, and have assistance programs that others don't have access to. ","neutral"
"If you want BCH to be successful on its on merits you have to vacate this subreddit.","optimism"
"Love when this happens. Thank you, oh wise one.","gratitude"
"Its worth it for the other big character they bring in.","admiration"
"That last panel tho. :( Same dude.","sadness"
"They are the best but my office is so far away 😞","admiration"
"50% of this sub is "lul u don't have sex"","embarrassment"
"[NAME] yer fucked.","annoyance"
"As far as I'm concerned, [NAME] run for the WH ended with this twisted ankle.","annoyance"
"Welcome from Chapo Trap House... wait, why are YOU guys here? Oh, right.","neutral"
"Always travel when you get the opportunity, you will never regret it, you will only regret not doing it.","embarrassment"
"Yes indeed, the “just a joke, bro” ship sailed long ago. ","joy"
"> Corporate Media I like this one.","joy"
"That as absolutely insane.","annoyance"
"It's 57% upvoted, which pretty much means most people hate it. ","disapproval"
"I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.","admiration"
"Marketing! That’s a great word to describe what they do.","neutral"
"just realized the pic is unrelated kinda, whatever though. proud of me despite my anxiety about puttin myself or there ","realization"
"I used to. It was a common pattern that my thoughts would spiral out of control but somehow I grew out of it eventually.","neutral"
">I was internally startled but tried to play it cool. Why?","neutral"
"[NAME] will end up owning all these untouchable records and I hope they don’t get broken for generations","optimism"
"It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.","anger"
"What a snake. Typical Fort Mcmurray politics.","admiration"
"Yeah, they have uniforms and everything. It’s really great.","admiration"
"He’s just pure blubber. No muscle.","neutral"
"It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.","disapproval"
"You obviously didn’t get one","disappointment"
"And I never had the idea to keep anything. Too creepy. Maybe our multiple Liberator pillows....","fear"
"Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.","neutral"
"Oh man! Oh boy!","neutral"
"> A kid can be trans in the same way a kid can be cisgendered. Commenters on reddit can be irresponsible.","neutral"
"You are one pathetic human being.","neutral"
"Ha ha manu plays shit football amirite guys","amusement"
"Lol the lefties are gonna see their arses over this!","amusement"
"Shawty whats wrong with you. I want those people dead","anger"
"i guess you must eat filets and lobster at all your parties haha","optimism"
"Ok then youre leaving the enmey widow uncontested to kill your team. Genius.","admiration"
"Gotta think [NAME] was also tired after all the hard work they put out Most likely it'd be easier for a fresh player to run passed players","approval"
"I am so so happy for you. <3","caring"
"Oh there's still bugs? Weird","curiosity"
"how sad you feel about this makes me sadder than the actual story lol. you sound like a really kind person.","sadness"
"I feel like I've seen a comment like this on another post","neutral"
"That specific block is probably one of the worst in the city.","annoyance"
"No one wins if we all die. You'd think that fact would be enough.","neutral"
"Imagine being triggered so hard that you ignore science and make up false claims","sadness"
"Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!","love"
"Interesting. But it still is kind of guessing how far the target is though? I love BF never snipe though","admiration"
"I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!","caring"
"You now have 3 threads about this within the last 10 hours. Pick one and stick with it.","annoyance"
"Until that plant dies because you just shocked the hell out of its root system.","neutral"
"I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.","remorse"
"I'd love a 2D animated [NAME] trilogy. You can really go wild with animation and wild is exactly how I'd describe [NAME].","love"
"How to flush your money away","neutral"
"This response is highly unexpected yet logical. I’m fixin to chew on it for a spell.","approval"
"[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion","neutral"
"I can’t imagine having a plan B when it comes to dating. That just seems disrespectful to not devote yourself to the person your dating.","surprise"
"I'm curious as to how HIMYM affected you, if you would like to explain. I've watched it so many times. ","curiosity"
"If you like this than go watch My Self Reliance on YouTube. Start from the beginning. Very relaxing and fun.","approval"
"It would feel amazing. Which would scare you. So you would crush it. Along with yourself.","admiration"
"Aaaaand sold out.","neutral"
"C’mon man, read the comment, if you love [NAME] so much why don’t you shaft him","love"
"12. He gets beat up by a total LOSER by the name of [NAME].","neutral"
"Is this for an open carry? Or will I be limited to just owning at home, which is what I want anyway.","neutral"
"Push me to the edge. All my friends are dead.","disappointment"
""Don't eat pork! Not even with a fork!"","neutral"
"Oh, gotcha. I have a friend with unipolar depression who does have memory issues, so yes, that can happen during depression too.","nervousness"
"Don't kink shame","disapproval"
"Some people just need a hug","neutral"
"Then you realize it actually is the only way to feeling better, except having one or no friends make it tough.","realization"
"Happy birthday to your friend!","neutral"
"believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol","amusement"
"If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him","approval"
"As a CPA the part about the tax deduction triggers me more than your cousin trying to sell things to you.","annoyance"
"and it's way better than the shit websites do now.","admiration"
"Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now","remorse"
"I was waiting for this comment","neutral"
"maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production","approval"
"“Try this new food” “No way you sociopath!!”","anger"
"I'm sure you'd be the first one to run towards a crazy guy with a power tool.","admiration"
"It's telling that they're offended by a symbol of equality but a symbol of hate (yes, it is) is fine to them","neutral"
"You are the expert.","admiration"
"Definitely not Mom’s favorite.","disapproval"
"Most national subreddits are nowhere near *real* people, it's quite interesting to see the disparities.","admiration"
"It would seem difficult to say you're living in one city when you're only applying there to expand your reach.","neutral"
"It turns out he works for [NAME], so maybe your instinctive distrust might not have been the worst first reaction.","neutral"
"And perfectly perfect.","admiration"
"Just got done reading that part. Even [NAME] saw it in her dream and she never knows shit.","disappointment"
"But we libertarians are incapable of blindly voting for a bad candidate based on party! /s","embarrassment"
"I enjoyed this TED talk.","joy"
"I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.","love"
"Very legal and cool","neutral"
"Hey, I described you in the OP! Everyone's doing it so you have to too, otherwise *you* feel like it's unfair.","disapproval"
"Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.","amusement"
"You take that back right now! [NAME] does not deserve this.","neutral"
"I’m ready to unsubscribe from this sub","disappointment"
"Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good","admiration"
"As a guy who plays bastion when the situation appropriately calls for it; thanks, I did not know this.","confusion"
"Oh god, never thought of the implications of [NAME] not selling BB-8 as mirroring her parents giving her up. That tugs the heartstrings a little bit.","realization"
"Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.","neutral"
"Spice Burger. Delicious!","admiration"
"Having kids is bringing into being a conscious person who will suffer and die and be aware of that fact. Become an antinatalist.","realization"
"Females would be pressured the other way obviously","disapproval"
"there's no limit when it comes to owning dogs.. more dogs = more love","approval"
"This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond","disapproval"
"I wish I could’ve had that kind of relationship with my mother.","caring"
"My nuts hurt watching that second part","sadness"
"Ok this actually happened to me when I was one bloodthirsty away from getting gold on my MX9","annoyance"
"Imagine being upset over who someone loves.","sadness"
"Why would they stop magicking away their shit. That seems more practical than a giant plumbing network.","surprise"
"So [NAME] thinks the AFLW has been both elevated and shafted by the AFL in terms of promotion?","neutral"
"People want quick fixes. Going to the root takes time and effort","annoyance"
"I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!","gratitude"
"Not everyone left of you is a lib. You're arrogant.","disapproval"
"Pressing Q everytime garrosh tries to throw someone helps tho, if u wanna play support, play like one, thanks","gratitude"
"Oh boy, yeah.","neutral"
"i dunno, there are mass bombings/stabbings/people getting run over (dont even know what the name for this is) all the time across the world","confusion"
"i was there in october and i was shocked at the amount of people on the interstate just casually browsing facebook while driving.","approval"
"Congratulations! As a fan of impulsiveness and craziness, I could not support this haphazard mayhem more. Best of luck to you both.","admiration"
"Yup that is my family for you. So wonderful and understanding.... NOT!","joy"
"Go for it! It may be a great thing.","admiration"
"Desperate times call for desperate measures.","approval"
"Yeah, and don't forget the unblockable attack spam storm...","neutral"
"Fabies? fababies? fatbabies? but fat babies are so cute.","admiration"
"Oh wow. Except gillette i haven't used aby P&G products in years","realization"
"that's hysterical. two legitimate babes.","disappointment"
"Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.","surprise"
"You're going to seriously regret this in a few years.","neutral"
"someone forgot to switch accounts","annoyance"
"Why does [NAME] rarely wears his armors if he can wear them whenever he wants and as long as he wants?","curiosity"
"That's numberwang!","neutral"
"Besides a petty theft conviction out of Florida in 2003, there's nothing. No other convictions.","neutral"
"Doctors hate him! *Like* if you love **[NAME]**, *Ignore* if you worship the **[NAME]!**","neutral"
"What in the fuck? Now is garbage!","anger"
"Hope so, got them at +1200 just after they beat Duke.","optimism"
"I didn't mean to imply you did! I just know that's a mistake I've seen a lot of people make, is all","neutral"
"Hi, will mumkey jones be unbanned?","neutral"
"I'll take these close thru 36 minutes Ls over a loss by 25 and was never in the game Ls","neutral"
"Was kind of wondering if he *could* read. Still supposing he had a speechwriter.","neutral"
"I've heard this is a form of self hypnosis such kinda makes sense to me.","surprise"
"Keep going! Every day you stick with it is another victory you can cherish!","approval"
""You're my best friend in the whole world Mister [NAME]." *meows for food*","love"
"Relapsing will give you a maximum of 10 seconds of pleasure. Not relapsing will give you a life long of pleasure. The choice is yours.","neutral"
"You’ll see why it’s a trap once you see the bill.","surprise"
"This feels like a joke [NAME] would tell. Love it","admiration"
"You look like [NAME] from firefly :)","amusement"
"Oh dang I hadn’t even looked at her face!","disappointment"
"Maybe if you held onto the intestines, eventually, the pressure of fecal matter would build up until it explodes, killing the individual in the process.","neutral"
"I LOVE BASKETBALL","love"
"I think [NAME] was being sarcastic.","annoyance"
"Australia? Edit: No, [NAME], but awfully similar to the situation here in Australia.","neutral"
"I misread World Championship of Carp-fishing to be the World Championship of Cat-fishing...","embarrassment"
"I’m doing my part!","neutral"
"It's both we only have like 5 good players and two of them are just a rookie and a sophomore","annoyance"
"Ok. But you claimed it was NEM and now you think it's neither after being fact checked.","annoyance"
"I am very happy with play music. please tell me this is a lie","joy"
"[NAME] has a fun instagram","joy"
"No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics. ","neutral"
"I REALLY hate this one","anger"
"What’s it like to comment on things without bothering to read the context?","neutral"
"Cringe and try hard, elaborate please.","neutral"
"This really is matter of principle. Its small now and it would only encourave him to take more next time.","neutral"
"Feeling better now?","curiosity"
"they should just stop broadcasting road games","anger"
"As much as he's a bit of a nutter, he does keep his word as far as I can tell.","admiration"
"I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.","annoyance"
"Had to stick my fist in my mouth in bed lmao","neutral"
"Prison is for poor people. No point in stopping someone from being productive","disapproval"
"Honestly Quadriga has been pretty decent, can't fault them for the bank struggle, that's just how the Canadian banks have been towards this space. ","admiration"
"What a legend.","admiration"
"Now if you are in the bathroom taking care of business, Cat is being a bro and getting you some privacy. Bathroom Bouncer ","neutral"
"Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.","disappointment"
"No it was a joke","amusement"
"Guys how are we doing? Asking because dumb TV in my country prefers Copa d'Italia to fucking Real Madrid lol","amusement"
"I agree. I’d love to keep [NAME] around but recognize it might not be possible.","approval"
"Oh now I get what you mean😂😂","realization"
"[NAME] might be up your alley, friend. ","neutral"
"Your cat is the best thing I've read all day. Take care of your cat!","admiration"
"I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity","disapproval"
"No, he controlled the match. He had to be dialed in the whole time and he was.","admiration"
"I don't think you can really go wrong with any of them, but I would suggest to watch him against South Carolina this year.","caring"
"Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.","gratitude"
"[NAME], how old are you? Before [NAME]?, thats a hella long time.","neutral"
"I like this feeling","admiration"
"I had to click to see :)","neutral"
"as superficially as possible. i cant go deep with a guy, only with girls.","disapproval"
"Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level","gratitude"
"So every interaction with a dumb or crazy person is news?","curiosity"
"Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.","excitement"
"35-55 a week. no health restrictions, just eat what I feel like","relief"
"At least I'll have a normal lifespan","neutral"
"Not really.","neutral"
"Oh my gosh!!!!!! 😂 you poor thing! Thanks for sharing!","gratitude"
"It's just you. Nobody has ever noticed. Except this and [this person.","excitement"
"I just bought myself a Bears pullover starter jacket. 8th grade me would be jealous!!","nervousness"
""And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation" ","remorse"
"oh lawd he comin. What a c h o n k","annoyance"
"I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC","desire"
"Hate to break this to ya but you are that guy [NAME]","approval"
"No hun your husband is screwed up. The way he treats you is no way of a man of [NAME]. You deserve better. ❤","caring"
"I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.","embarrassment"
"Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too","embarrassment"
"Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!","optimism"
"Of course I love myself because I'm awesome.","approval"
"Such a beautiful cinematic shot.","admiration"
"Why are you nervous about getting fired if you aren’t doing anything wrong? If I were an employer firing an employee would be my last resort.","confusion"
"I like to imagine that it's just the same 2 incompetent drivers who live in the area and keep plowing into innocent cars at that one fateful intersection.","neutral"
"For me it's more about making my personal appearance a hobby more than just buying expensive stuff to have it","approval"
"No guns = no gun violence! How come no one has ever thought of this before!","curiosity"
"Well then, I can't wait for you to prove me wrong but your throwaway comment isn't helpful.","disappointment"
"If you feel like venting, I am happy to listen.","caring"
"That’s not what I mean Him being a snack is just well","optimism"
"Me too, but glad this creep is getting attention for his creepiness outside of r/kanye","fear"
"I am still a child","neutral"
"Omg TDG has a new singer? That's so sad. I was rocking out to them in middle school too. Simpler times.","excitement"
">arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.","admiration"
"This is one of the worst written posts I've seen on this sub for a while","annoyance"
"People are very keen on this aspect. I’m not trying to tell anyone this problem is insurmountable. Just that making reasonable assessments is important.","neutral"
"Now that's a frozen dessert I haven't eaten in a long time.. a long time.","neutral"
"No thats [NAME]....","neutral"
"um what about just not engaging and leaving?","neutral"
"oh stop IT","annoyance"
"idk what it is either, I think it’s because he looks like he plays in slow motion, but it works for him so idk","neutral"
"#KYLO REN IS NOT INTIMIDATING","neutral"
"Get you some!!","neutral"
"The nerve!","neutral"
"I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.","admiration"
"I believe if under 6 months you'll get it all back in the end.","approval"
"^Damn Damn BOI *DAMN BOI HE THICC BOI* #THAT'S A THICC ASS BOI DAAAAMN*","neutral"
"I hate y'all too","annoyance"
"Guess Isco should never start then. I think opposite effect then","neutral"
"I just hope [NAME] gets hired","optimism"
"you deserve love too","love"
"Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.","remorse"
"Maybe they want to be a show couple ?","neutral"
"thats why I wear my mute button out.","approval"
"I believe that you can search for providers here. Good luck and good on ya.","caring"
"I dont think they were angry att them self. Its allways the kids fault./s","disapproval"
"This is a crime against humanity and the FBI is on its way. Do not try to leave your current location, you are being tracked.","disapproval"
"Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.","embarrassment"
"Ahhh India. Where she would have been raped 17 times on her daily commute.","neutral"
"Serious creep vibe when she put on the wedding dress.","neutral"
"I wish I would get dm’ed by famous people :(","desire"
"I'm confused. Is this post finished or is u done?","confusion"
"Does [NAME] do it telepathically?","neutral"
"And the healthy snacks are on their way!","neutral"
"Bisexuality: Sexual tension with everyone. Somehow a much smaller dating pool.","fear"
"thank you for your answer","gratitude"
"I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.","excitement"
"That’s what the auto-shut off is, that thing that I said malfunctioned due to the extreme cold.","neutral"
"You mean like how Skyrim is only good because of all the mods? Lol","admiration"
"Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.","disapproval"
"It's amazing the advantage that you have when you advocate for the ruling oligarchs.","admiration"
"This is a very good meme op but I hope you're doing good:)","admiration"
"It's super annoying. There is a reason I no longer speak to this person.","annoyance"
"Which is fair. But they're not respecting you.","disapproval"
"[NAME] AND [NAME] ENMESHED IN FISHY SEX SCANDAL!","neutral"
"Season 2 has been fantastic","admiration"
"I think it doesn't have to be only in school, but anyway, good attitude, I'm sure you can overcome it (with patience)","admiration"
"**Ask Permission** from me and I will tell them yes or no.","neutral"
"Rheged sounds like a racist name for a [NAME]. Don't think it will catch on tbh","anger"
"Im so sorry","remorse"
"Dude, I've gotta listen to Loveless again ","neutral"
"> They are working on something new... TLWGAS. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm too dumb to figure out what that stands for","annoyance"
"Women are dangerous as hell too.","neutral"
"If this continues for V7, I'm gonna start getting *real goddamn salty.*","annoyance"
"Looks like pretty much any Donkeys fan.","admiration"
"I will always love ohare because it is the home alone airport","love"
"That says to me that he believes you are the issue, not his mother.","disappointment"
"They did and he is going to be extremely difficult to feel much empathy for him.","neutral"
"Thanks for the info! I will definitely try my hardest now that I know what to do. I really appreciate your help.","approval"
"RemindMe! 3 Days","neutral"
"As someone who is Scandinavian, you have to admit that [NAME] are either short or VERY tall.","approval"
"And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many "likes."","admiration"
"It's amazing that some people think that [RELIGION] will prevent all of this from happening.","admiration"
"Btw I’m totally including myself in the karmahungry section but that pic was just too appropriate to not share","realization"
"Dude theyre in a fuckin hospital. Take them their food.","disapproval"
"Have a good evening thank you!","gratitude"
"Phew ...","neutral"
"Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!","admiration"
"You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!","realization"
"What the hell happened today? There must have been a pretty major disagreement.","neutral"
"Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great","approval"
"DSJ, [NAME], [NAME], Zion/Draft, [NAME] would be exciting to watch.","neutral"
"Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him","sadness"
"Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show","love"
"You can love both [NAME] and the person you are with.","approval"
"Do they have rankings beyond the top 9? It'd be great to see what type of talent would be available in rounds 3, 4 etc.","neutral"
"wasn't aware of that sub, and wow ... that's one crazy racist cesspool!","disappointment"
"Oh you're referencing my reply to another comment? I was mad at low effort comments and people who can't comprehend a simple point.","annoyance"
"He is proudly swimming in his cesspool of a personality","pride"
"Theyre asking for a leak, not a theory","disapproval"
"[NAME] tweet directly contradicts this... Edit: [NAME] said that "[NAME] didn't make this deal by himself". The organization chose [NAME].","disapproval"
"Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)","curiosity"
"The uncanny valley of creepy.","disapproval"
"This image is cropped to avoid showing the private passenger car NY plates. [NAME] has no need to pander to any ethnicity; he's term limited out.","disapproval"
"Honestly man just keep scuttling instead of changing","caring"
"Say that you like her","caring"
"Maybe she was attempting to be ironic? I dunno, man, people are just an enigma.","amusement"
"And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail","neutral"
"Yeah, so many accidents occur because people don’t know what to do in the event of loss of tire grip.","neutral"
"Omg yes lol","amusement"
"The third period is going to be uncomfortable and I preemptively hate it.","anger"
"Oh no, they down voted me, they canny take patter :'(","sadness"
"The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell","annoyance"
"Mine is 2.5 and trying to drop her last nap. She needs it so desperately though. It is HELLLLLL dealing with this.","neutral"
"What the hell","anger"
"This is awesome. But also r/dontdeadopeninside","admiration"
"I know a couple of people who are. It's amazing to watch.","admiration"
"He has become that which he swore to destroy!","anger"
"Much appreciated, do you not play often?","curiosity"
"Mod to the rescue! Thanks haha","amusement"
"Did the refs bet the game?","neutral"
"350 calories The large is 20 oz and it’s 140 per 8 oz so 350","neutral"
"[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.","anger"
"Hahaahahaaha I’ve almost completed the online story but i only have 3 gold bars so far lmao","joy"
"It released like a couple weeks ago??? I don't think all that much would've changed in 2 weeks...","confusion"
"In many states the law prosecutes the server just as harsh as the lawbreakers when it comes to alcohol. Dram shop law","annoyance"
"I refuse to read him any more. Just another [RELIGION] man getting a slap on the hand & a cover up job.","anger"
"Also a lot of houses in the US might not have too many neighbours. It’s a lot more sparse out there","approval"
"I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.","admiration"
"Ur a silly goose","joy"
"I love the immediate cut from the gladiator dying to the defeat screen. Makes it funnier","amusement"
""Acsended incels" are fakecels. Truecels like me never ascend and will never ascend. If youre goodlooking enough to have ascended then you were never incel.","neutral"
"OMG. The company logo reminded me of something. AAAAAAAAAAAH.","neutral"
"Key that we keep welcoming ~~young~~ international tech talent to London.","pride"
"Good to know! Very much appreciated ♥","admiration"
"We need to do something about [NAME] because he's fucking my fantasy team up","annoyance"
"I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.","disapproval"
"Can’t stand that dwarfism [NAME] she is so cringe","nervousness"
"the truth is sexist, deal with it","approval"
"You’re disgusting. I hope your wife finds somebody much, much better than you.","disgust"
"not at all lol. me and my friends are makeout sluts though","amusement"
"I DON'T BELIEVE, WHAT I JUST SAW","surprise"
"As one of the greatest Presidents of our time, who stared down globalist trash and made them blink.","admiration"
"Omg I just looked it up and all the places look so beautiful there 😍 also I’m sorry that it’s homophobic","admiration"
"[NAME] and [NAME]. I can't stand them","neutral"
"The Best Argument against RWP/Neocons/Palecons/Libertarians/ClassicLibs is the fact that the American State have indulged in Wars for commodities since its incepcion.","curiosity"
"It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.","admiration"
"I saw that twice last year.","neutral"
"Interesting how the before photos are clearly yellow-tinted, as can be seen by the difference in the skin complexion ","realization"
"This is one of those hobbies where the exit strategy is paralysis or death.","realization"
"Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.","admiration"
"Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3","gratitude"
"OMG the ones they sometimes sell that are just one giant piece. LOVE","surprise"
"At least it's decent pay. Lol.","amusement"
"There's no way I'm sitting through all of this. Good [NAME].","neutral"
"Excuse me, but define what a "good world" is","annoyance"
"Thank you for your thoughtful, insight-filled post, which makes so many valid points.","admiration"
"*made an unusual amount","neutral"
"Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.","annoyance"
"I work from home and live with my daughters. It's so serene, but also a lot of fun because we have great times together.","neutral"
"False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol","disapproval"
"The effect has Tyus has on ball movement for us is remarkable","admiration"
"Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.","realization"
"I shave it. Btw great way to cheer me up saying I look like I'm 45 at 23","admiration"
"just go google search, but some r real some r unreal lol","amusement"
"Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.","neutral"
"I'm glad you found your way. And even missing one day of effexor gets me sick so I feel for you","gratitude"
"The fact that this dude spent a good hard several working hours to get fake internet points from strangers tho","neutral"
""12 inch"","neutral"
"Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!","optimism"
"She looks like an onion","approval"
"Excellent find. Panels like these are a very deliberate writing choice.","admiration"
"Thanks. I’m not sure your response is a proper attempt at answering the question.","confusion"
"Sounds like you two have something in common.","approval"
"I used to be subscribed to [NAME] channel. I know we all have troubled pasts, but man...","neutral"
"I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks","anger"
"Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.","embarrassment"
"They did, donated a penny for someone else’s happiness/luck. ","neutral"
"she does look like a hooker though lol","amusement"
"Fair points, I just figure with all the GMO foods and whatnot, someone would have come up with a “better” tree and plant those instead.","neutral"
"Aww now I can’t listen to falling down","neutral"
"man whenever [NAME] talks i feel like a deaf person because well I just can't hear shit","annoyance"
"Because you didnt add enough context","confusion"
"You are very welcome. Happy growing. Keep in touch with your success.","gratitude"
"He absolutely loves it!!","approval"
"Really? I love that show","love"
"Makes sense as [NAME] was out the last 5 games. The first 8 of the season [NAME] was sacked or pressured on nearly every dropback.","nervousness"
"I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.","optimism"
"I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<","anger"
"If we hurry, we can still catch the heroin craze! ","approval"
"Student of the game. Amazing physical attributes and devastating punching power. Humble enough to take bits and pieces from legends","admiration"
"Sweet, congrats!","admiration"
"Whew. I thought no one else would recognize Mac Tonight.","relief"
"She's getting younger and younger. Which wouldn't be that big of a deal if this post didn't exist","surprise"
"Apparently not successfully.","disapproval"
"Weird I can relate to this but in the same time I can't relate to this","disgust"
"He’s one of them! Get him!!!","neutral"
"Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol","amusement"
"I guess you win *shrugs*","excitement"
"And if that's the case then there is no helping him. It sucks that those people can't be helped","anger"
"Great person, tough as hell, will truly be missed😢","admiration"
"You're easily as classist as her.","neutral"
"And he will...Hence he shrugs off whatever you said and continues to treat dashers like trash.","neutral"
"Takes a lot of courage to admit they are autistic online. Nice to see you worked up the courage buddy!","admiration"
"I did watch it and didn’t see the thing OP mentioned. So I am not sure what I was supposed to gain from watching.","confusion"
"Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.","annoyance"
"No thanks probably stank af.","disapproval"
"Agreed. And I like how far you can see into the distance","neutral"
"Wow this was awful. What kind of audience do these morons have? I mean no one with the money to buy that junk would watch these fools","disgust"
"lol reddit is for 10 year olds confirmed","amusement"
"If you think all manufactured foods haven't got those contaminants then you're sadly mistaken.","disapproval"
"A successful centralized ratings company?","curiosity"
"Out of curiosity, what's wrong with the tribal casinos? I've been many in Southern California that were great, are the ones on Washington bad?","admiration"
"Pretty sure they claimed he resisted arrest. If I remember correctly he was just peacefully sitting on the curb when the cops decided he was resisting.","approval"
"Well I was trying to imply that *because* they hire trash writers like this, they *aren't* a respectable news organization.","neutral"
"Haha thanks, I'm not cool at all but that comment made my day! Genuinely made me smile. <3","amusement"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **3rd Cakeday** The_nastiest_nate! ^(hug)","excitement"
"Saw this on the front page and that was the only thing i could think of!","nervousness"
"I love you. I think that helps me a lot.","gratitude"
"Me but with boobs. When will be able to trade body parts [NAME]","anger"
"But little did I know, she found out about "[NAME]" texts","realization"
"Birth Control or Condom. With this "right moment on her cycle" bs you're probably not going to be "[NAME]" in the near future.","neutral"
"The fact that people are still governed by tribal taboos from 2,500 years ago is insane. ","realization"
"We all were. Because we’re the responsible people watching the show, and not the glorious train wrecks starring in it :)","joy"
"The future is now old man","neutral"
"You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.","disappointment"
"Check kids for lice!","neutral"
"i've definitely got better, the opponents just happen to be ppl dropped from gold or so","neutral"
"Nice of them to call back to [NAME] dyslexia with the two different spellings of deodorant","gratitude"
"Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...","joy"
"Obviously. Every post here is intended to be a joke. Just not funny ones, like this post.","amusement"
"that sucks, good luck next time!","gratitude"
"Oh no she was only 17 years old and 11 months she's just a child!! Videos kinda cringy though I guess but not because of that","embarrassment"
"No seriously, the is a Java.net library. part of jdk since 7 oder something. ","neutral"
"The fuck?! You're in the wrong subreddit with this regressive bullshit victim blaming.","anger"
"Mine would have bought it to me.. then turned away when i went to retrieve the ring *NO TAKE!.. ONLY THROW!*","neutral"
"Sounds awesome, but I am so out of practice I'd be embarrassed to show up lol.","admiration"
"The rare times when they can be arsed to start their own conversation they always talk about why feminism is actually to blame.","neutral"
"😀ahhh I see what you did there, clever.","admiration"
"I feel the same way. I wasn't depressed when we lost.","approval"
"I didn't realise this was happening! Thank you! It was hard to tell from OPs photo what the changes were","approval"
"I have to but I’m about to start looking for like career type jobs and if I can’t drive I’m stuck.","approval"
"I wondered where the quote about “supporting your azz” and was very pleased to finally find the train wreck that said it.","surprise"
"Well I guess Blazers lose cause they're down? :(","realization"
"I do avoid it.","neutral"
"Don't be an asshole","anger"
"Can someone please explain why is it illegal and where? Never heard of this before !","curiosity"
"Just go try and by one piece fan after got end!","caring"
"No, just dont show off your books. ","neutral"
"No man don't you see!? People just change genders all the time and celebrate how fun it is! ^^^/s","curiosity"
"[NAME] for sure. I really hope we don’t lose [NAME] though. He’s basically our ace for the moment.","neutral"
"Should've left it at this.","neutral"
"I never said she wasn't a downgrade. But on r/political_revolution the complaint seems to be that she didn't endorse anybody in 2016.","annoyance"
"Take a note to PM me if you do, I'll happily pay for one!","joy"
"She looks dead on the inside in the photoshopped pic","remorse"
"Considering my wife barely touches me, I think I could get this job. Wonder how much it pays. ","confusion"
"My rent was due on the 29th. I paid it on the 20th just to avoid this kind of stress!","relief"
"Damn, why y'all posting the match threads this early.","annoyance"
"My [NAME]... This makes it so much more cringe.","relief"
"I'm not sure I would be happy to live in hk for 5 years lmbo","confusion"
"Only misogynistic people are offended anyway. Most men would look over a Gillette commercial about rape the same as they would overlook a tampon commercial.","annoyance"
"Downvoted for pointing it out, too!","disapproval"
"Good to know, and it gladdens my heart to hear you're all right! <3 ","love"
"That LOD is a moron","neutral"
"I believe the term is grill inspector","relief"
"I hid there just about everytime. Was often the person complaining about, "stop dying", and, "hide BEFORE he hits 4 meat".","neutral"
"[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!","admiration"
"I guess that was a compromise with that native sarong that he likes to wear.","curiosity"
"So you made this purposely to get post karma...","neutral"
"Noticed the same thing. Wonder if it's also like that on the redesign. My hunch is on 'no'.","approval"
"hip hop rappees","neutral"
"Get ready for one of those tail butt plug things","neutral"
"Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.","excitement"
"Personally I would take some time to myself and work on spending time with my family since I love them more than my job.","love"
"My favorite band :) I recommend them to anyone who is looking for something new to listen to. Fun and unique. I love them so much.","approval"
"Alright, thanks for that tip! <3","gratitude"
"Interesting, I’m going to have to pay closer attention. Thanks.","curiosity"
"So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.","disappointment"
"I see... that's a shame, but I guess we're comrades until it comes time for the 8th revolution or so","remorse"
"I didn't know psychiatrist would do therapy. Their time tends to be really limited compared to a therapist.","confusion"
"I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.","admiration"
"What a handsome guy, anybody know what breed that is?","excitement"
"Thanks I hate it. Also I've been spontaneously diagnosed with stage 3 cancer throughout my entire body dude watching this video. I start chemotherapy on Monday","approval"
"Hopefully next weekend it's time to be rugby gods ;)","optimism"
"Man, that sounds like a big stuff around. Good luck getting it sorted","optimism"
"Reverse racism is just racism","anger"
"Best of luck","caring"
"That scene made me think of Arizona a little bit tbh. I think I'm missing [NAME]*","sadness"
"I appreciate that you care about me. I've been thinking about you as well.","admiration"
"School Board Trustees are leeches of the system in any district. It's the most unnecessary position that does nothing more than continuous damage.","anger"
"Goodbye cruel world.","anger"
"I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked","love"
"The monster!","neutral"
"So excited for this!! Thanks to all who have worked so hard to put this together <3","excitement"
"Unfortunately if they tried to parent they’d never listen or just hate them and run away. Pointless","annoyance"
"I don't get it. Maybe i need to position myself better to get dibs on batches. I literally have only made $60 a week.","approval"
"Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.","admiration"
"Well I did have one balanced meal...before a few alcoholic beverages.","neutral"
"Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys. ","remorse"
"Hey fellow conservative, you seem concerned. ","caring"
"Then tell me what he's doing, instead of being a racist hypocrite.","annoyance"
"I was really expecting more Adidas when I read the headline","desire"
"Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.","relief"
"At this point one can only hope.","optimism"
"huge fool just like everyone who believes anything [NAME] says weve been two weeks away for months now","realization"
"Because it's stealing from her company.","disgust"
"100% yes. My sister's ex is an actual monster but my niece still sees his family.","approval"
"Yes, I just watched it. Thanks man! Cheers!","gratitude"
"He had one poor split, and he already looks strong, fuck your mindless hate","anger"
"I know. Maybe if they realize this, they'll stop using that app.","fear"
"I feel like I say this a lot but I wish we'd run the mudiay frank back court more, I like their chemistry together","desire"
"Thanks for explaining the point he was making.","gratitude"
"I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.","admiration"
"lol I’m realizing that now!","amusement"
"Same people will complain of never seeing him except at election time","neutral"
"I can hardly wait to see this guy paired with [NAME].","curiosity"
"Reminds me of Ross Lake WA","realization"
"I feel like it's a one big woosh","approval"
"Oh god dammit I've been bamboozled, I fell for the b8","approval"
"Bench coming in strong. Let's go trey!","approval"
"I appreciate the dedication, but they really didn't have to be silent for three quarters of the game.","admiration"
"Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.","neutral"
"Absolutely no one was surprised at her choice to run in 2016...","surprise"
"I waited 15 days for this joke, I'm so proud of this community.","amusement"
"Any normal draft game is more serious than a silver or gold game. Atleast thats what I see.","disapproval"
"i would not vote for him","disapproval"
"Eh, it's very easy for him to show up and offer guidance to the NJO (or whatever happens) IMO","neutral"
"Hopefully [NAME] is still hot","neutral"
"[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.","love"
"Mongoose actually mate for life, and he can't leave his girl behind!","neutral"
"Thank you, I will tackle those too!","gratitude"
"I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.","neutral"
"Hi !! I totally get you. If you want to be friends I’m here !! :)","approval"
"Kids at heart.","neutral"
"creepy, the only way to make it more creepy is to leave it on her bed stand table to find it in the morning. ","disgust"
"Yeah. I killed them both.","anger"
"Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.","remorse"
"I really wish this wonderful person would run for president! <3","optimism"
"Who else thought [NAME] looked stunning last night","curiosity"
"Pls not granny :(","fear"
"Wow, that reverse from Nurk was smooth","realization"
"aight guess the refs didn't choose us this game [NAME]","disapproval"
"Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either","disapproval"
"After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear. ","optimism"
"Yes, you should speak with an attorney.","neutral"
"The internet never ceases to surprise","disappointment"
"When the etiquette "shitpost" is 100% accurate","approval"
"I like him in Friends from College too!","love"
"Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.","annoyance"
"[NAME] is always the dirtiest psychopath","neutral"
"who tf has twitter on light mode","neutral"
"It doesn't matter if they are crazy stacked. We definently shouldnt be last in the league.","excitement"
"Lets make a new reddit. Everything here is a repost anyways. r/conspiracy is the most fun though. Lets start from scratch.","amusement"
"Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.","admiration"
"heck","anger"
"You are profoundly ignorant on this country. There is literally not one serious person who would contest the correlation between diversity and support for liberals.","neutral"
"I’m proud of you for moving out You deserve peace and happiness! Independence is the sweetest thing.","approval"
"Probably her ex-fiancé [NAME]. It has been a few episodes without a man telling viewers how magic [NAME] is. Bet a jealous [NAME] will do the job.","confusion"
"Good work if true!","gratitude"
"Keeps people from talking to me as much, so in fact I DO need them.","neutral"
"Pointless but fun","joy"
"Loved that damn [NAME]","admiration"
"The ID cards wouldn't have been a problem if they were like the EU one. It was the fuckload of biometric data that was abhorrent.","disgust"
"Henlo little alligatrr. ou almost slipped there. OH FUK NO NO NO NO ALIGATRR PLZ DONT EET MEEEEEEEE","anger"
"Got it! Thank you!","gratitude"
"Also interesting to note that [NAME] left Lille for Monaco, been an interesting player when I've watched Lille this season","surprise"
"The shame of it is if it weren't for bwood it would be a LOT worse.","disappointment"
"Conversion therapy is so wrong. We shouldn't force children to change their sexual orientation or anything similar to that against their will! *laughs in irony*","disapproval"
"This post made me smile, cute doggo ","admiration"
"This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.","neutral"
"You're thinking of the mirror universe from Star Trek, not [NAME]. Easy mistake to make, I guess.","neutral"
"The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.","neutral"
"You had me in the first half","neutral"
"Good takeaway. Don't be gullible and don't share questionable information without fact checking it first. Misinformation only becomes a problem when it spreads.","annoyance"
"I wonder how Florida will like him hahah","amusement"
"While we watch the private form of Operation Chokepoint with Patreon, it's bizarre that people don't believe this stuff is real. ","annoyance"
"So I have a hobby, I'm passionate about my 2nd Amendment rights, and I dont post/comment on reddit often. Your point?","neutral"
"[NAME] was an awesome Chief. Wish we would've seen more of him being a badass.","admiration"
">I hope that really incredible sex is in your future. Thank you. Also, you should write fortune cookies! ","gratitude"
"Sending you warm wishes :) <3","joy"
"I like to answer "CALLER 7, YOU ARE LIVE ON THE AIR!"","gratitude"
"To calm him down I suppose.","neutral"
"Waze is owned by google, so I'm not sure what you mean by that. Unless you just mean they are both sharing the same routing algorithm.","confusion"
"Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?","excitement"
"It's rare to see a wholesome post here. Nice to see them nonetheless.","neutral"
"Hold up you saying you wouldnt do that to the necromancer?","curiosity"
"They are so damn handsome!","admiration"
"Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.","anger"
"Are we in agreement that this would be out of bounds if true?","neutral"
"trUmP iS pRo guN","neutral"
"You're really stupid if you believe that.","disapproval"
"He is a brave man to even have the courage to put this foundation on his face. I wouldn't have even if [NAME] told me to!","admiration"
"You want a fight, and I’m just not up for one. Good day!","disapproval"
"Pedophile abuses kid. Kid grows up to become abusive. The Pedophile is blameless?","neutral"
"Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!","sadness"
"Holy shit that’s nothing","disgust"
"Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!","admiration"
"You can see his tooth bouncing off the pavement on the right after he falls. Brings a tear of joy to my eye 😅","joy"
"I just don’t like him 😂","annoyance"
"Just make sure you don't go too far and get a 17hmr!","fear"
"His friend was sexy as hell 💁","approval"
"I read this while taking a sip of tea. Bad idea","annoyance"
"Bears suck!","disgust"
"He was 2 when our family adopted him. He's always been a gentle soul, and became even more so with age. ","admiration"
"Omg, unbelievably scary. Insane ","disgust"
"Thanks haha. I really do feel sorry for my friend here... At least the group he accidentally asked is pretty much all furries","amusement"
"no it's just about the clone skin changes.","neutral"
"What the hell was that pass. That was magical","excitement"
"[NAME] was high sticked 3 times, cut twice before a call","neutral"
"If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else","approval"
"You just told a bunch of random people, I think you’ll have no problem telling her","optimism"
"I secretly hoped we would lose by like 70.. 35 is not enough","curiosity"
"This is amazing!","excitement"
"So deport the bad guys and let the asylum seekers come in. Sounds like we don’t need a wall anyway.","approval"
"That was a fluid motion and it scared me","fear"
"I was trying to click on a baby flamingo but I'm not mad","anger"
"That whole episode has some heartbreaking moments. It is probably my top Parks And Rec episode.","sadness"
"A bash that doesn’t guaranty anything? Isn’t that a bad thing I mean it’s one of the complaints of heard about lawbringers shove","curiosity"
"oh man clicking 2 buttons before you read an article, the absolute horror","neutral"
"95 percent of polite society is just avoiding doing things that make people uncomfortable. Don’t act like it is unusual.","neutral"
"There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man","admiration"
"Bring it on, I’ve played enough PUBG for a good pan battle!","neutral"
"Makes me sad I'll never be with a beautiful woman.","remorse"
"Especially after the debacle with [NAME] on "if you like your plan, you can keep your plan."","approval"
"You don’t have AIDS. Put those silly condoms away!","neutral"
""This confession means nothing"","neutral"
"I’ve been dreaming in rdr2 several nights. Not a bad thing though. I must have a lot to process","neutral"
"All Dressed Ruffles are my vice, but potato chips make me sick. I wouldn't go so far as to lick the seasoning off, though..","neutral"
"That is not the reason we do not want to leave the CU. Try again.","fear"
"If I could get to GC in 30 min instead of 57, well my life would truly change.","desire"
"*laughs in Spartan*","joy"
"Or getting lucky. Most [NAME] have jobs so their must be a way.","excitement"
"I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.","caring"
"well she will not be able to do it with [NAME]...","neutral"
"Beautiful Work! You take doing [NAME] work quite literally:)","admiration"
"Lots of good memes here lately. I like that.","love"
"Nah, according to OPs limited post history, he's a pedophile. ","neutral"
"IL is working double OT now to catch up to all that retardedness. They want ammo serialized ffs.","annoyance"
"Yeah, considering guns by themselves aren’t an issue (like I so thoroughly explained to you), that’s a valid argument. ","approval"
"Mouth hugs!","neutral"
"Have thought most of the game was OK with some bad calls both ways... These last 5 min tho...","surprise"
"I'm strange as fuck, and I didn't grow up with money.","disappointment"
"So in other words, he wooooshed","neutral"
"Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.","disappointment"
"I would like to say that I see plenty of people in their young adult life that are still incapable of living on their own.. lol","sadness"
"Nice try. That doesn’t work though.","disappointment"
"It is hard to make up the new relevant points at times.... Revolution they say","annoyance"
"The only crossover I want to see these two on is *Love After Lockup.*","neutral"
"People done be ignorant","disapproval"
"[NAME] could not never have played the states star witness. Need someone of higher functioning intelligence to understand what to do and what to say when.","disapproval"
"This is a rough sport we follow. Simply training makes you pay the price.","neutral"
"I don't think fantasy draft has been a thing for a few years in career mode.","disapproval"
"Yeah, no","neutral"
"And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win","admiration"
"He's trying!","approval"
"I mean, this just looks more like a case of a guy being overrated coming out of high school.","neutral"
"Seriously? I couldn't even remember the dude's name until about halfway through the season honestly.","grief"
"I mean if it was crowded or rush hour I understand, but I don't see that much an issue if its empty like this..","optimism"
"I guess so, worst case scenario we actually rebel and fix it ourselves instead of hoping for someone to save us. ","optimism"
"agree, we are living in the feminist era where women want to be equal - so why should they be 'selective' in whats equal or not.","anger"
""THE SAMPLE SUCKS! THAT TOWN HALL MEETING WASN'T EVEN AS GOOD AS THE TLIC ONE" ","admiration"
"Mexico definitely had a lot of potential for prosperity, but then all the mess starting in the 1910s leading to the PRI really squelched all that...","neutral"
"I agree totally. Talk about fucking insanely bizarre. He's stuck in the shining","approval"
"You should take the time and go to the doctor.","caring"
"Seconded. I had the December one well into January and finally just changed to the Sabres logo. Still cool and all, but the schedules were awesome.","admiration"
"What is a punishment if not an undesirable consequence imposed by others?","neutral"
"Thank you [NAME] master","gratitude"
"Does anyone notice how his voice always changes when he’s trying to be cute and charming.","neutral"
"Remember, his cousins ex wife is meeting him for conjugal visits, I think she might bring him the newspaper he used to own.","neutral"
"Congratulations - you're truly a [NAME] now.","pride"
"Dude this is a repost from [NAME] you can see When you go into the comments","neutral"
"He will regret nothing I'm sure","neutral"
"Glad I could help. Feels good once in a while, I know the feeling.","joy"
"She clearly was too afraid to speak up.","fear"
"Yes it was very hard but I appreciate it.","admiration"
"Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!","excitement"
"Yes, [NAME] is truly evil [NAME], his utter failure and stupidity is so beyond reason that when you mention it, it sounds beyond reason.","neutral"
"I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together","love"
"Yes! Totally forgot about her. Noon too!","remorse"
"It’s not even news.","annoyance"
"I know right put all her effort on the costume and her body","neutral"
"And you better fucking get there early too! Bargain shoppers don't fuck around.","neutral"
"5 make the football hall a year as players. It’s a huge event when we get the rare 4 man induction in MLB","neutral"
"I like beating wales cause my friend is welsh and I like beating the french because I’m English and it feels natural","love"
"* Favourite is [NAME] * Least is [NAME] (excluding [NAME]) * Overrated is [NAME] * Underrated is [NAME]","approval"
"Lord help me I want to be a mod again. So many damn trolls here","annoyance"
"some state are way more paranoid about this than others. also depend who handle the call / judge... like, some people believe spanking should be criminal...","neutral"
"I don’t think he forgot. His weight just almost carried him off the sink...","disappointment"
"Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.","love"
"This is me and my wife. She squeals with delight whenever it snows and I start looking for property in Arizona.","annoyance"
"So no resignation or impeachment. Bummer. Naive me had high hopes the great [NAME] wouldn't escape the noose this time.","optimism"
"I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.","sadness"
"Dude seriously they got some really weird and specifically targeted propaganda on their TV shows","annoyance"
"Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...","excitement"
"The mindset that feminism has instilled them with: entitlement.","neutral"
"Harry's appears to actually be worse. Check out their charity choices.","neutral"
"Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]","admiration"
"Best of luck mate. I’ve yet to reach my limit but this brought me closer","joy"
"yeah. many people mentioned that. also Shield Brah questions beastmen racism .","approval"
"Hey it's been 2 weeks, are your friends still stuck at 60-ish ranks, just gathering info on MM and such.","confusion"
"Yep, first hour free at long term. But if you go a SECOND over that you owe them $19.80 ! They're fucking ruthless","annoyance"
"If the ball is past the receiver, they're fair game. The refs may have thought it was close enough live.","neutral"
"Mostly shit paying jobs with more openings + older people rejoining the workforce. Ofc they will spin it as "good" news...","neutral"
"Very nice!! I love your art! What journal is this? I love the texture on the pages.","admiration"
"[NAME]... Nice","admiration"
"Or, orrrrr. All Girls Poop Mindset Only video you need to naturally have confidence when you socialize All Girls ","optimism"
"Just so you know, I think the other responder is a nut & you were right the 1st time!","approval"
"This is one of those hobbies where the exit strategy is paralysis or death.","fear"
"I appreciate the honesty! If you don't mind me asking, what state do you live in?","admiration"
"So true. The chicks I pick up from clubbing are nothing compared to the love of a good woman.","love"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"he's an awesome bro","admiration"
"We don’t need another 5’8 slot receiver with good college production.... See [NAME] and [NAME].","disapproval"
"I think for some reason she thinks the money out weighs a normal childhood for her daughter.","neutral"
"That was amazing!","excitement"
"Orange man bad.","neutral"
"I know but it just makes me gag.","annoyance"
"I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.","caring"
"I've always thought it was weird that they keep their hard drive on the left.","annoyance"
"First bad melee, then off the sticks.. what next?","neutral"
"Elections have consequences.","disappointment"
"Their judgement is upong [NAME]","neutral"
"You seem fun","neutral"
"I knew this was a Shitpost before I clicked it. Is this an INTJ thing btw?","annoyance"
"Yeah, without the music that scene would have been much worse.","disgust"
"What's the deal with [NAME]? I haven't heard much about him lately.","confusion"
"Congrats dude!","gratitude"
"He really is so beautiful.... on the inside 😊","admiration"
"I love this trend.","love"
"and how does that person's notoriety make the other kids who are treated the same way feel any better?","neutral"
"I think the hulk could do all of that at once, and fold the wrench with his finger tips","admiration"
"I agree with all of this except for [NAME]... he wasn’t really all that bad of a guy, [NAME] needs to take his spot.","disapproval"
"Thank you very much. I would certainly make a note of your name.","admiration"
"This is really cute","admiration"
"Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.","anger"
"I actually do that","neutral"
"What do you think is happening in the post? Read it again and describe your feelings","neutral"
"Good luck in the future man. We're not getting anywhere here. Have a great weekend!","excitement"
"I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it "offensive and pointless".","annoyance"
"All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.","disapproval"
"What is the reason you 2 have only been on 1 date in a whole year? Why cant you just 'see' each other in person?","neutral"
"Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.","sadness"
"*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.","neutral"
"I’m gonna get downvoted but it’s 4 years","disapproval"
"The [NAME] story is pretty amazing. Excellent stuff! My ears are both firmly attached. Thanks.","admiration"
"Ok. I got it. But it was a house. Just seemed odd lol","amusement"
"Glad [NAME] found some love in his life","excitement"
"yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.","approval"
"What I said applies to all of /r/politics, not just this incident.","approval"
"Thank bejebuzz, the channel will be a little less nuts for it.","gratitude"
"I love how this is transgender men not just men 👌","love"
"HAHHAHA thats good","amusement"
"[NAME] hears bible verses and is like "fuck this shit"","anger"
"gotta love some Detroit Sports","love"
">call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique","love"
"I have secondhand embarrassment for them both.","embarrassment"
"Right before aunt may and [NAME] start furiously making out","neutral"
"Just cancer. You’re good.","neutral"
"Imagine buying a product, then burning it in protest ","realization"
"That’s my luck. Lol","amusement"
"Right? Go down the street to the next gas station and leave home girl in the car","neutral"
"As soon as I saw the GKs positionnig I knew all [NAME] had to do was hit it second post. MY MAN 😎😎","neutral"
"It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts","approval"
"Gotta protect’em!","caring"
"Why don’t you just *get the fuck out* of Edmonton if you hate it so much?","anger"
"Someone committed enough at causing mayhem could just use bolt cutters. The point is to stop kids/random curious people.","neutral"
"Yeah I don't think [NAME] even had to move his hands for that one. [NAME] and [NAME] also destroyed the precision QB challenge too.","anger"
"[NAME] better see the floor today","neutral"
"Astrology and asttonomy used to be the same thing. The scientific aspect diverged and got renamed to astronomy to distance itself from the bullshit.","neutral"
"They also have 1 (one) facility that provides 64 percent of their capacity. Mitigate risk much?","neutral"
"Thanking people isn't manly.","disapproval"
"You don’t understand the design of our government.","disapproval"
"If they don't mention their children within 5 minutes of conversing with them.","neutral"
"Prime management technique.","neutral"
"[NAME] with [NAME] on him, [NAME] pulls up for three. Great","joy"
"Cheers to you","gratitude"
"As a furloughed fed, this does indeed lift my spirits. Thanks for putting this on my radar.","gratitude"
"So now disabled people don’t have rights . You get worse .","disappointment"
"Well if you're in the plane I assume a boot in your ass to get you","annoyance"
"Well good luck! Hoping to see you in my diamond games soon. Psn is LokleLad if you ever wanna stack","admiration"
"Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.","approval"
"She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so","disapproval"
"Don’t get your hopes up for new armour","disapproval"
"Wow you look incredible. Great job getting healthy and beautiful! ❤️","admiration"
"[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], hey [NAME]. [NAME]! I’m a prostitute robot from the future.","neutral"
"Even if I close the app, mine still pings.. It's maddening","disappointment"
"ssssssssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhh just give this one to me it's been a weird day","nervousness"
"doesn't surprise me tbh","disapproval"
"His bits were filmed in June.","neutral"
"So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.","gratitude"
"Naw man that’s my stove, I just wish I had a carrot 🥕 for y’all","desire"
"CW is available without Cable. But if your saying it doesn’t qualify as broadcast then I guess Kids WB never did","neutral"
"The fuck is “mog?!”","neutral"
"I honestly thought that they could have chosen "bigger" words than those, [NAME] clearly knew what they meant!","neutral"
"I don't think the blame rests entirely with America (those woh joined the taliban still made a concerete choice) but no US forces are not innocent.","approval"
"This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.","joy"
"I have visions of someone being at a [10] blasted out of their skull and actually doing this.","sadness"
"I never saw this tweet. That just about clears it up then","neutral"
"I knew you had kids, i didnt know they were old enough join the military lol. Well happy bday to your son, dad. ","amusement"
"Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.","approval"
"#**i have decided that i want to die**","sadness"
"Is she single?","curiosity"
"Well if this post isn’t just like staring into a mirror, I don’t know what is. ","confusion"
"What if [NAME] just tricked everyone to make us appreciate the coach we had all along...","gratitude"
"Oh yeah, thanks!","gratitude"
"[NAME] was their best player","admiration"
"A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.","disapproval"
"Being the best [NAME] in SC2 was like being the best [NAME] in basketball.","approval"
"happy birthday. you can't change who you are, but you can improve on communication skills to help bond with someone :)","desire"
"Her body, her space. If she was uncomfortable, then he should be respecting her.","neutral"
"Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels","disapproval"
"Me too dude. Nice video for what it was!","love"
"They arent even commies is the worst part🤣","neutral"
"I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.","love"
"LOVE JAMES TOO","love"
"They absolutely dont know what love is.","annoyance"
"RemindMe! 10 hours","neutral"
"You did the right thing. You’re not ready to settle down so you stopped wasting her time.","approval"
"Bore off, you pearl-clutching, centerist coward. ","neutral"
"You don't see the conflict with funding another countries wall but not one for the same function? Both equally stupid and worthless.","annoyance"
"I love her doctor. You need to send him some chili and cornbread","love"
"at some point you just have to make some shots -[NAME]","neutral"
"HR is there to protect the company. Not you.","annoyance"
"Every time there's a video in my sub box I get really excited and then it's Fortnite. It's heartbreaking.","neutral"
"Real lpt always in the comments","neutral"
"Like this?","curiosity"
"There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.","caring"
"Do what your username is. They aren't comparable is the slightest.","neutral"
"Clean the house, declutter, have some candles and if you know his favorite beer or spirit that would be nice 😉 Have a clean and organized kitchen 😍","admiration"
"That makes perfect sense! Thank you for explaining in a way that doesn't try to make me feel stupid for not knowing the answer.","gratitude"
"this is just brother and sister but with extra steps","neutral"
"So on some scale most poor people become wealthy? That is is the statement you made.","neutral"
"I thought you were suggesting a bigger knife for a second.","neutral"
"Stop using your corporate jargon around here!","neutral"
"I would actually accept this being a fun thing to do if there's such a thing as glow in the dark hot glue.","optimism"
"Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you. ","caring"
"Wow. Uh...good luck.","gratitude"
"Thanks! I was probably going to look in the Midwest","gratitude"
"‘The Sports Whisperer’ and fake ‘30 For 30’.","neutral"
"Touche lol. Ours usually comes back pretty quickly, I think this is the longest it's been out.","admiration"
"[NAME], feel bad for that streamer, everyone has their moments on this game, it’s understandable","disappointment"
"Man red dead 2 looks so good","grief"
"HIPAA doesn’t care if you take insurance or not with respect to the privacy rule or the security rule.","disapproval"
"Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.","fear"
"it's not up to the drivers, its up to the owner. Owner doesn't have to drive in the ice.","disapproval"
"Yah that's what is stopping me. I would have to wire all throw my car or go into my cars electrical which doesn't seem worth it.","approval"
"Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.","gratitude"
".....still thinking of something.....","neutral"
"You're asking for scientific proof of spirituality. You're either very dumb, trolling, or you think I'm a charlatan.","neutral"
"Japanese Raws? This manga is ongoing and next chapter is 217 as far as i'm concerned","caring"
"Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.","gratitude"
"Rename yours to Fuck and let alphabetical order take care of the rest.","annoyance"
"Welcome! I'm a fellow INTJ-A female. Was also lonely for a long time. :) It's great to feel home!","admiration"
"Congratulations, the most poorly written video game story in history made you think twice. You must be a genius. ","admiration"
"Are you that guy everyone’s talking about? That guy at sleepovers who says “technically it’s today” at 12:01am?","neutral"
"> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!","disappointment"
"not giving a s* about what others say ;)","annoyance"
"Fuck yea!","anger"
"Hate to say it but having a veteran like him and [NAME] in games like this can make a difference","admiration"
"You seem like a nice fellow but not sure where to start with this post","neutral"
"I hope [NAME] at least has a good nanny because [NAME] seems keen to scream on Instagram rather than...do anything else on the planet.","neutral"
"Makes me sad I'll never be with a beautiful woman.","sadness"
"Hoping LSU can kill 2 minutes and 20 seconds of clock here and not let UCF score more...","optimism"
"Was she immunosuppressed in any way?","neutral"
"Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past","neutral"
"Except my points are objective facts and his are opinions.","neutral"
"I'm 25 and I still don't have a license. I'm terrified of driving and get anxiety every time I'm behind the wheel.","fear"
"At least she's correct","approval"
"It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.","disappointment"
"It's very r/thathappened","neutral"
"Arguing the semantics of the word argument. Clever girl...","admiration"
"mystery solved.","joy"
"I so badly wish we could all gain this mindset and keep it. How easy would life be.","neutral"
"No, you said you think she deserves whatever she can afford. Can she afford housing?","confusion"
"Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.","approval"
"This is so sweet. Thank you for being an awesome parent !","admiration"
"We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.","disapproval"
"Considering the role of hypergamy, men and women being on equal footing actually makes things harder for most men.","neutral"
"Does he have to be so anal about his rep? At least he's (in)famous. *Awesome job, OP!*","admiration"
"I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot","disappointment"
"Cooinbase (controlled by mastercard) banned gab accounts too, nice","neutral"
"Been refreshing for days hoping for the Munchak news!","optimism"
"The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!","joy"
"What is dutch crunch bread? It sounds delicious!","admiration"
"i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really","admiration"
"Seems like a lot of time to wait ... i might need other options.","realization"
"this is why she killed herself you sick freaks","anger"
"Love these guys and love this skit","love"
"I'm surprised who posted this bc she's normally a sweet women but then there was this","surprise"
"I'm legit posting this everywhere. It's hilarious. I've given you many chances.","amusement"
"Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut","anger"
"That grammar though","neutral"
"Yes I would love to see!","love"
"It's so sad","sadness"
"There used to be a group of local kids that would take pears from the tree in my back garden and throw them at people's houses.","neutral"
"If I'm dipping my crust, it's in marinara sauce EDIT: I love hot sauce on pizza","neutral"
"Wolf and her dog ❤️","love"
"Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...","neutral"
"More likely to rape??? Stats?","neutral"
"Bless you.","caring"
"Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace. ","disappointment"
"I want to call bs on this after smelling my boyfriend's. Have to leave the room whenever he lets one out...","disappointment"
"So? Keep doing it anyway. Who don't worry about the downvotes.","optimism"
"No he's right, and you're deflecting from his argument.","approval"
"I'd ask him how he plans to spend his days once he gets out.","curiosity"
"Wait a minute-- is this you, [NAME]? Awkward... ","curiosity"
"glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. ","joy"
"Is this about [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Think the word you’re looking for is ‘Maori’","neutral"
" Now, can you make another applet to change his wallpaper?","neutral"
"Every time there's a video in my sub box I get really excited and then it's Fortnite. It's heartbreaking.","sadness"
"Well no matter what her bio says, if you are ugly, you are done for. ","neutral"
"It is January after all. The yard in my house is looking horrific right now - I haven't been out in 4 months!","neutral"
"If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.","approval"
"I'm asexual too, so I'm doubly protected against advertisements.","approval"
"What’s this ?the Olympics. Everyone is getting gold. Lol","amusement"
"Oh now I get what you mean😂😂","approval"
"I want a salad!","neutral"
"snitches get stitches","neutral"
"You must be wrong, because this is the sub for intelligent people!!! ","disapproval"
"Brown woman bad","disapproval"
"Which is why people sell on TPT...","realization"
"Uhhhh... didn’t y’all just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.","neutral"
"In the letter I told her she was disrespectful and that we will not ask her to housesit again.","annoyance"
"I told him I loved him and he blushed so hard. It was the best. Of course that classic smile was there as well","admiration"
"You need to dump him","neutral"
"[NAME] is a fucking STAR","neutral"
"Agree, I avoid of the ones that do, pre-ordering any AAA is a no no now as well.","approval"
"Yeah, I really thought [NAME] would take his game to the next level coming here, not a big step back. Hopefully consistency will help him out. ","curiosity"
"In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.","caring"
"This was actually good until the bird came in.","admiration"
"Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable","annoyance"
"I will definitely keep this is mind and thank you for the great comment!","gratitude"
"I watch it because I enjoy it","joy"
"The 2019 NRL promo ad is a wrap!!","neutral"
"That works for me, I am not hell bent on killing this person.","approval"
"Oh my gooooooooood","surprise"
"She births the antichrist and has to fend of the demons trying to abduct her baby","neutral"
"Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.","amusement"
