"I freakin love this channel","love"
"I’m cool with anything that pisses off someone as disingenuous as you.","disapproval"
"Just get on good ol reddit and have the nice people decide what you do.","caring"
"Fool me once, shame on you...","embarrassment"
"Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.","admiration"
"Yea he does I only wish eli could do this","desire"
"What a strange song","neutral"
"Shameless karma whoring.","disgust"
"I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD","neutral"
">Sorry, but any city that had any kind of ~~epidemic in its~~ history will have bunches of dead people buried under it.","approval"
"I don't want PR to vote because they'll vote blue. I want them to vote because they deserve the right to have representation.","neutral"
"You are aware. That in other countries this doesn’t exist right? Also a culture is something else than my boss made me do it.","curiosity"
"AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE ALL CAPS TO GET YOUR POINT ACROSS!!!","disapproval"
"😂 Dude, ok your cool now","joy"
"You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.","anger"
"I'd start off wonder trading til I found an adorable frog the size of Fyre need unimaginable financial backing.","neutral"
"I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems","neutral"
"Oh man, I remember loving that movie. Been a while ssince I've seen it but I remember being pretty enthralled.","realization"
"Its less than a year old... Doesnt it seem longer","confusion"
"I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!","disappointment"
"That's why I added the edit","approval"
"Granted, I dont have a proper measure of the number of monkeys needed to hash $0.05 worth of tx fees.","disapproval"
"Thats awful and Im sorry for your friend. I whole heartedly agree. Its getting out of hand.","approval"
"Just make sure you don't go too far and get a 17hmr!","caring"
"Goodbye [NAME]","neutral"
"You, I like you ","love"
"Ok I get that, like I said, different morals for different people. I was just curious how you got gender issues out of that","curiosity"
"What mental illness am I displaying?","confusion"
"I half expected her to turn her head to face me as her jaw unhinged and her eyes went black..","neutral"
"You are terrible developers.","sadness"
"I like you. WHO WANTS TO TAKE CELEBRATORY SHOTS WITH ME???","admiration"
"Send in Parking Pataweo. Guy takes no prisoners.","approval"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)","joy"
"Being the most hated team of the refs is fun huh guys?","disapproval"
"We're not a democracy. WE'RE A COUNTRY","disapproval"
"Thank you ! I thought it was funny guess no one else noticed it or thought it was funny:/","confusion"
"Brilliant movie.","neutral"
"I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.","disappointment"
"Lovely act of kindness🤗","love"
"Georgia is $5.25?! Wtf? We don’t live in 1990!","anger"
"Sorry, it’s just my absolute favorite thing ","admiration"
"amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal","surprise"
"Stuck on icy stairs.","fear"
"Really? wow. I just reinstalled chrome from scratch, again. So it was Ghostery that caused the full screen issues?","excitement"
"The candidate will be selected on Sunday. After that, get ready to go.","neutral"
"I actually find it easier to place spawn beacons in stupid spots like this than a nice flat empty piece of ground.","approval"
"> we get a minimum of $11 Wow that's pretty generous, no wonder people don't need to tip.","joy"
"I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!","approval"
"i heard that the flames from the fire were so hot, they literally burned the very wood the church was made of","neutral"
"The secondhand panic and embarrassment I feel from this is astounding","excitement"
"I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO","fear"
"You know, unless you die.","approval"
""They mostly vote at night... mostly."","neutral"
"Welcome from Chapo Trap House... wait, why are YOU guys here? Oh, right.","approval"
"Most awkward looking super-athlete ever.","embarrassment"
"Glad this waste of time is over. Lets get back to the business of fixing this team.","gratitude"
"We used to do similar exercises for football and we would get the same "wtf" looks.","embarrassment"
"Get a final closure by telling her mom. Your ex might have told her another story about the breakup.","neutral"
"She got exactly what she wanted.","approval"
"Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway","neutral"
"Does that have any bearing on as to why cats are preferred over dogs?","neutral"
"CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT "virgins gonna be scared"","fear"
"Lucky you got a sane dad. Get ready for a world of crazy... just don't get sucked into her toxic world. Good luck.","disappointment"
"Let's do that now and take [NAME] back.","neutral"
"If I wasn't destitute I would give you gold. I humbly offer my upvote.","neutral"
"This is most excellent news! Also, glad to know he went on to work somewhere like Google.","caring"
"I have never either, boyfriend does repeatedly. Saying that I each much more fruit and veggies whereas he basically just eats meat and pizza","disapproval"
"Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell","approval"
"Glad to hear it. You deserve your best life without that abuse and negativity.","caring"
"Cadbury is better than both of these, however they’re still solid choices.","admiration"
"“[NAME], I tried to make ramen in the coffee pot and I broke everything” - [NAME]","neutral"
"You’re doing a fantastic job at keeping things together. Have faith that you’re on the right track, and things WILL work them-self out.","approval"
"Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.","joy"
"[NAME] living her best life in Germany.","neutral"
"[NAME] found the perfect position to not have to defend [NAME] or [NAME]. Amazing instinct to be honest","approval"
"Brush your teeth and neither of these smells will be reduced by chewing a napkin. But it's funny to convince a friend at a bar that it'll work","amusement"
"This is disgusting.","disgust"
"Winter isn't even that bad here.","neutral"
"Funny coming from the party that is #1 in killing babies.","amusement"
"Dude was using his power and leadership to exploit women. This is gross.","approval"
"Does this remind anyone else of the Rublev USO17 QF? [NAME] is obviously further along than [NAME] but you can't argue against the results...","curiosity"
"ok that's kind of cool....","relief"
"the act of using private companies as platforms to push indoctrination is no less vile than state run companies","anger"
"It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now","annoyance"
"You should re-think the credibility of whoever told you otherwise. Seems snarky to me.","disappointment"
"He looks like the son of [NAME] and [NAME].","approval"
"China too aha, so much so that the lack of brand is a brand of its own, ironically enough.","neutral"
"Why is this being downvoted lol?","amusement"
"Until you provide a valid source nobody cares what your theory is. So it's downvoted.","disapproval"
"Season 5 is the best IMO.","admiration"
"And yet only has 16k karma.","neutral"
"that's ok, I'll come join you someday after I've finished all the tears here so be patient ! : )","neutral"
"Clearly not well enough","neutral"
"A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K let’s goooo","annoyance"
"Aha! Thank you for that.","gratitude"
"You gonn give me one of dem?","surprise"
"Gotta wash your ass somehow. It makes it more funny that someone is as offended by it as you though.","amusement"
"That's very incoherent","disapproval"
"I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.","admiration"
"That's what everyone says but they are ugly. I want a Diavel, m109, or a Vrod.","disapproval"
"So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.","annoyance"
"I think the issue is this feels like green washing","neutral"
"this is less tabletop horror more... regular horror do you know how he's doing now?","neutral"
"I get you...","caring"
"Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do","caring"
"[NAME] is the most useless phantom thief change my mind","neutral"
"Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?","love"
"Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed","approval"
"Wait till I show up in threads and start saying opposites just to trick you.","neutral"
"I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.","disapproval"
"Still no!!!!","neutral"
"Did he run them into the car? It hasn't been proven that he was holding a gun. As of now it is only on the kids","confusion"
"That was your comment dude. Which part of my comment was fake news? *wake me up if you find it.","disapproval"
"Hiya! 😃","neutral"
"Resist it! You can be strong. Block him! Then do something nice for yourself","caring"
"And whatever other slowness and rootkits etc may come with Epic. I still havent forgotten Sonys bullshit or how resource hogging Origin was","anger"
"Best not let [NAME] near him, what with her oils and all...","admiration"
"If only I could figure out how. I'm trying, but to no avail. ","disappointment"
"You got me","neutral"
"And *they are the ones* talking about NPCs!","neutral"
"Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.","gratitude"
"I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.","disappointment"
"Plot twist: the customer just found she's diabetic and that's why she's crying.","approval"
"Not ruined. They'll be bonded back in place if they were permanent crowns. Source: I have 14 crowns. Don't recommend.","disapproval"
"One of the low key best hikes in AZ! Better than Camelback IMO","neutral"
"wow this seems like a huge ᴡᴀsᴛᴇ ᴏ- ᴡᴀɪᴛ ᴀ ᴍɪɴᴜᴛᴇ. ɴᴏ, ᴛʜɪs ɪs ɢᴏᴏᴅ","admiration"
"I bet your all of the rage at parties","neutral"
"Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)","gratitude"
"I really despise that woman.","annoyance"
"Same here but it seems like that will make it more rewarding to actually build a base with gardens and stuff.","neutral"
"It's not an official licensed promotional company yet, thats why his next fight is under the mayweather promotion banner and his future fights could be as well. ","realization"
"There's no excuse for him not reciprocating it's pure laziness. What about a 69?","annoyance"
"Ok. I didn't know we discussed this topic. Have a nice day.","confusion"
"She has an amazing voice","admiration"
"My #1","neutral"
"Like the [NAME] twins, I guess.","neutral"
"This would be very much appreciated.","admiration"
"cause they want people to know there relvant again","neutral"
"well, that took a dark turn","neutral"
"I loved the first single from BO so hopefully the entire album will be good. And has more effort into it than "WHERE ARE THE JOKES"","excitement"
"Not heinous for sure, but frustrating.","annoyance"
"Oh I get it. I totally misunderstood.","annoyance"
"And completely daft","annoyance"
"I am just saying that it makes no sense in Russian","disapproval"
"Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.","neutral"
"You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!","neutral"
"No no this is true. A very redeeming quality. Them [NAME] like their water crisp and cold.","approval"
"I hear you, but I'm at this point I'm willing to take risk","optimism"
"Just rubbish.","anger"
"Also packed with preservatives and extra chemicals! Homemade Bread: 4 ingredients, Store Bread: ~22 ingredients...","neutral"
"Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.","gratitude"
"Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.","caring"
"It's more laid back, which I kinda love.","approval"
"It is physically impossible for [NAME] to get bad skins.","neutral"
"sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕","approval"
"Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.","annoyance"
"Oh gosh dang it","anger"
"We had a great thread of egg jokes in Slack this afternoon, after the whole "can this egg get more likes than [NAME]?" thing.","neutral"
"Maybe, idk though. I dont think thats enough to nail him. We need more.","confusion"
"It's a genious strategy, isn't it?","confusion"
"I'm not sure if [NAME] is visiting the Podesta pizza party.","confusion"
"I like how the money blows into her face halfway-through. That's some quality filming.","neutral"
"So is liking [NAME] enormous eyebrows "biological" too? /s ^I ^think ^her ^eye ^brows ^look ^cool","neutral"
"Thanks I will check that out.","gratitude"
"Oversleeping always makes me super depressed and even a little nauseous! Even so, I always want to go back to bed.","desire"
"love that, we need more women like you ","admiration"
"Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.","disgust"
"He was huge!","neutral"
"Omg yes lol","joy"
"Thankyou! Good luck with your search! An AP is out there for you!","gratitude"
"Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.","annoyance"
"i dont think theyre planning beyond "screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit" themed rants","annoyance"
"Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff","admiration"
"Bagel Bites?! Blashphemous! Pizza rolls or die. (All joking aside, welcome! And Bagel Bites are freaking delicious)","neutral"
"Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.","approval"
"Lmao, your joke did not go unnoticed to me!","amusement"
"Ahhhh That's rich.","excitement"
"Same, I feel weird when i thank something unaware, but I feel worse when I don’t thank it","disappointment"
"And your folks thought that that Liberal Arts education would be worthless!","annoyance"
"Only 5 more years to go. Can’t wait!","excitement"
"You got banned for participating in a brigade.","sadness"
"She’s not even on vacation anymore!","approval"
"we deserve to lose after that","disappointment"
"I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.","sadness"
"Well howdy neighbor. I'm also about 200m away from there. It inspired me to setup wireless security cameras.","neutral"
"I wish they didn’t hate [NAME] so much. Feels bad to play her.","disappointment"
">recommending Elite mode to first time players My stomach turns in disgust","disgust"
"I got used to it with Voltron, but I still yet to watch the last season.","neutral"
"I just really don't see 20% for him. I would be very surprised.","admiration"
"Sometimes when it gets super annoying I cut it off with scissors but it always turns out worse and makes all the surrounding ones irritated and sore","annoyance"
"They're on the list, still have a few of these to knock out ","curiosity"
"Ah if they went to school together that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.","remorse"
"TOOLS! I HAVE TO HAVE MY TOOLS!!","neutral"
"Goddamn right!","approval"
"I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].","embarrassment"
"Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option","neutral"
"Thank you for asking questions and recognizing that there may be things that you don’t know or understand about police tactics. Seriously. Thank you.","annoyance"
"You might be able to google earth it? I dont know that area very well so I cant help at all. But thats what I would try.","neutral"
"The simple ones feel elegant.","excitement"
"I thought they were motor vehicle accidents.","neutral"
"I was right next to that score, bad times so it was.","approval"
"You have just been r/woooshed","amusement"
"I would be surprised if she's doesn't have at least 1 kid","surprise"
"Yes - thank you for stating it this way - perfectly said.","approval"
"Oh heck oh frick","fear"
"I was putting my comment on why and when PC players (like yourself) will complaine. Seems I wasn't too far off","realization"
"> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up","neutral"
"[NAME] please don’t come to the USA. We’d love to have you...but you don’t need to deal with this.","love"
"Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.","remorse"
"Looks like something translated from Irish to English using google.","neutral"
"They’ll find out that I’m no goat. I’m the troll that eats the goats under the bridge.","annoyance"
"I, also, wound up face down on my floor for a good 5-10 minutes after the Saints won it in OT. ","optimism"
"All I'll say is when I can smell it walking down the street it makes me very jealous.","anger"
"That’s sex discrimination. The male class has their own bathrooms but the female does not.","anger"
"We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.","annoyance"
"Literally any type of pepper, Bell, chilli etc. Pain in the arse but I’d rather limit my choices than have that allergic reaction again. ","neutral"
"[NAME] has consistently being volatile. It's just a matter of time until she's being rude to [NAME] again.","annoyance"
"Whoa, we need animal safe verbiage! Don't feed a fed horse.","neutral"
"I miss [NAME] wish we could trade back for him!","disappointment"
"Hmmmm... I don't think 3D modelers are the ones who have to fix the bugs and the physics.","curiosity"
"Haha thanks for the warning but we met with her irl before :D","gratitude"
"I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode","love"
"Love this twitter account.","love"
"Did you include Euterpe street... you know I have strong feelings about it /u/mojomartini","optimism"
"I hope your gaydar has leveled up enough to filter these out now","optimism"
"It’s the NRA, I don’t think it should shock anyone regardless.","disapproval"
"If you have a pelvic kidney and some back pain, I know of the perfect hospital in Florida for you.","caring"
"And that is exactly why I never got that shit done, even though it interests me greatly. ","admiration"
"sorry my fellow youngsters, we're illiterate.","anger"
"So much lonely","sadness"
"> Think before you speak The amount of times you should have take that advice beggars belief.","amusement"
"Is a valid, unsound argument logical?","confusion"
"I have a model gun IRL, similar to the ones in Persona You could imagine how fun it was playing through P3","optimism"
"I don't know why this image bothers me so much","disappointment"
"This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.","excitement"
"All I can think of is her sweaty mom cooking away in the back 🤮","neutral"
"Right back at ya! Also love the username!","admiration"
"450 coast to coast at WM!!","amusement"
"I was quoting him. He wanted an "outsider rich business type", piss off","anger"
"Nurse here! There is no way they would ever relocate me to another hospital because of demand, another ward yes, not another location entirely!","neutral"
"oh shitttt. it’s upside down","annoyance"
"I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol","amusement"
"Same with [NAME], she’s simply stunning at any age. ","admiration"
"Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar","amusement"
"Mr [NAME], tear down this thread!","disappointment"
"you can tell who is in power by who you can't criticize' = Israel","neutral"
"Depends on this being a small town or not.","neutral"
"I love the RDS.","love"
"This hurts my brain","sadness"
"I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!","neutral"
"> I just take their word for it that **some** of them find **some** things offensive, and their reasons why. ","disappointment"
"If your maternal grandmother is [RELIGION], so are you. Not having ceremonies doesn't change that.","disapproval"
"Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.","disappointment"
"i have noticed i am getting leg pains & backpain after day 1 of fapping and feeling powerless and unmotivated","neutral"
"On the contrary, he gets off on his own ego and the delusion shattering reality of intimacy with another person makes him limp as a wet noodle.","neutral"
"Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)","joy"
"Yikes. Was he unfamiliar with the area? How did it go over at work?","neutral"
"If he moved on, it’s time you do too. Plain and simple... your 15 years old... lots of time to find someone new.","neutral"
"Omg she's gorgeous!","admiration"
"See her recent article in The Atlantic, in addition to what the other person who responded to you said.","neutral"
"GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌","desire"
"Hence I used "weird". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up.","annoyance"
"and i answered, sorry if you can't follow. i agree that having a pet involves (unnecessarily) having power over a small animal. ","approval"
"For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.","anger"
"You're obviously a size queen. Go find yourself a big penis.","neutral"
"Not defending the poor choice, but maybe he thought this is what they'd like?","curiosity"
"Bravo, that looks beautiful. Though i know for a fact that i would find a way to fall face first on those things sticking out.","admiration"
"Not cool Op...not cool...","disappointment"
"I report these every time they appear on the buy/swap/sell groups.","neutral"
"Why was everyone so happy when he pulled that knife","curiosity"
"Hope she likes cold showers.","love"
"Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!","approval"
"Loved it!","love"
"Ha the additional loss of life to your engine really showed them.","realization"
"I used to know a guy back in HS, and college. Every male in his family had been struck by lightning, except him.","approval"
"She did mention she loves making costumes","love"
"[NAME] is playing good","admiration"
"The remaster comes with all DLCs from the original.","neutral"
"[NAME], all that whataboutism. I guess the FBI couldn't find anything for all that.","realization"
"Xers and [NAME] would be more of age in the 90’s doh, signed [NAME]. ","neutral"
"I want to thank whoever lied to her and said those contacts were a good idea","approval"
"I've never seen a more adorable tumble","surprise"
"I’m The Avocado™️","neutral"
"I had the same problem","neutral"
"That is really dumb. If you have a crime committed against you, you have a civic responsibility to report it. We need those stats. ","disappointment"
""*[NAME], what's your favourite 80s band?*" "*New ORDERRRR!*"","neutral"
"PLQ is soon. Wanna focus up. That’s why only Splyce is I guess","neutral"
"Hold it there you. Shouldn't be throwing stones after what your team pulled.","disapproval"
"!RemindMe 1 day","neutral"
"Go with [NAME] brah","neutral"
"....it’s just raining on my face","neutral"
"Not what I wanted to read today. :(","neutral"
"Hey! Your mom sucks.","anger"
"Ive mostly only seen positive things, so it should be good for both of us ","admiration"
"and op is NOT self deprecating","disapproval"
"Luckily that is not going to happen ever! [NAME] and I work at a massive university in entirely different sections / different campuses!","approval"
"Please don't come back.","disapproval"
"Omg I thought he was actually fired lol. Got excited ! I still approve tho","approval"
"Messages like this will always get replies from me, even if it had been about erm punching me?!","curiosity"
"Was just thinking that. Great tunes","pride"
"It’s funny how people use one good game to dismiss an argument against a player. They do the same thing with [NAME].","amusement"
"Wtfffff why can’t I have all of the benefits and none of the consequences :( :(","remorse"
"Yeah it's pretty odd how defensive some people are about my comment too","disappointment"
"Have a wonderful day.","excitement"
"Why would you do something so controversial and yet so brave?","curiosity"
"I agree, but people always respond with "muh eugenics! Literally [NAME]! Human rights!"","approval"
"!RemindMe 10 hours","neutral"
"This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.","neutral"
"Shit, with a full season of [NAME] on the docket? Yes please.","approval"
"Tortilla chips are the worst oml. One time a piece got lodged between my gum and my tooth. Like, that fella was /deeply/ embedded in my gum","annoyance"
"Wow Jurassic Park looks a lot different than in the cinema","surprise"
"Nicely framed.","admiration"
"Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.","admiration"
"This. I relate to this. So much. Almost too much.","approval"
"Actually it's touching and kind of beautiful. The only thing stupid and lame is your comment.","admiration"
"So pretty! Great piping!","admiration"
"Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.","disapproval"
"Should be ,,How to be a [NAME] Character"","confusion"
"Weird, I checked again and it works for me now. It wasn't the first few times I tried to click.","annoyance"
"But that situation is not really what you are talking about, is it?","neutral"
"Your logic is pretty messed up and the pos assumption has zero to do with this. Centralized mining will cripple the ability to fight censorship.","neutral"
"Ooooooo that burns!!! 🔥🔥 🤣 This is amazing.","admiration"
"Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.","joy"
"Me am be failed English and am unfaulted teacher not even frum England","disappointment"
"There to busy guzzling down Russian propoganda , to enact a final solution on tmor.","approval"
"VR Mechwarrior would be awesome","neutral"
"Yep. I found out that a member of the school board is upset about something that happened with their own child, and wanted access revoked for teachers. ","neutral"
"Get help.","caring"
"Now it just looks like she has a cape...","approval"
"I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”","love"
"Oh my [NAME]...","neutral"
"This is a hate sub","anger"
"The original is funnier... or at least it's funny, to begin with.","amusement"
"I'm so glad Mercy's have to actually try now.","joy"
"Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.","admiration"
"Or 16th if you're on console.","neutral"
"I kinda love it. Not sure what the theme of the party would be but... its cool.","joy"
"> or just explore the zones to grab quests. Sounds like a terrible reward for exploration","fear"
"I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...","caring"
"When in the past 4 decades has anything changed due to a march?","neutral"
"Well since they hate cops and love criminals... this fits for them","neutral"
"I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!","disapproval"
"Such bullshit. Reloading components included? Not that they'd let that stand in subsequent laws if it is.","anger"
"Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.","love"
"I could but it's been a few months so you'll have to one","neutral"
"Cool I have a few friends that do the same I appreciate them being stories instead of direct messages","gratitude"
"You have a talent use it, take your time would love some pop kids melodies etc subscribers will come for sure","admiration"
"I think it's insane how they reach out and then ignore. My ex does that. It gets on my f n nerves.","disgust"
"> pushed all of them Hey dumbass you pushed the emergency button","neutral"
"I was in Korea in July and August, it's hot as humid hell. Spring and autumn are better.","approval"
"Wow. I could have gone my entire life without witnessing this limpdicked haemorrhoid rank the severity of sexual assault based on who the victim is.","annoyance"
""That's impossible." "It's necessary." If they were aiming to make a [NAME] a steely-eyed missile man, they succeeded. ","admiration"
"I guess learning French in school helped me for once","neutral"
"Yeah we're just awful. Sadly that's too friggin' true just now!","admiration"
"Only had 1 line to worry about and they did all the damage","neutral"
"Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :","admiration"
"ADD is also a DISORDER And yet no one crys "Why oh why does my kid have ADD? WHAT DID I DO WRONG?!"","neutral"
"That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that. ","annoyance"
"Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!","admiration"
"Feel free to leave.","approval"
"Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.","approval"
"You were shot by a Vigilante!","surprise"
"that missed dunk is so symbolic of [NAME] lol","neutral"
"Oh god the “glow”! I get comments about it at work almost weekly.","admiration"
"If you're in luck, she might be waiting to be independent and find you but the chances are very slim. ","neutral"
"sorry you have to deal with things like that. i hope things are better where you are now","optimism"
"are your feelings hurt?","confusion"
"I do. That thing about your mom is weird. Go get help.","approval"
">Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!","annoyance"
"I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.","love"
"No. It IS her condo and she CAN smoke inside her own home.","neutral"
"10 mg Trintellix and 1.5 mg Vraylar","neutral"
"it has been a while since [NAME] has pulled any pranks on [NAME]","neutral"
"12 Angry Women","neutral"
"17 my boy. Best league minimum contract out there right now","neutral"
"What's the problem? The worst aspect is the DRM which is easily circumvented, and of course giving money to Amazon ","curiosity"
"Love your username","love"
"We get it, you take Etizolam, congrats I guess..👏 ","pride"
"Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....","disapproval"
"Niemi locked in holy fuck.","anger"
"Always worth a try. Good luck!","approval"
"I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.","joy"
"Fucking refs suck my balls.","neutral"
"It actually takes less clicks now to get a full stack of items than before.","neutral"
"Wow. You basically found my dream woman and gave her up.","disappointment"
"Damn. Saving your post","neutral"
"tRuLy A wOrK oF wOnDeR","neutral"
"Is this furry_irls equivalent of a tik tok? And I hope more people join in on this I want to see EVERYBODYS sonas and ocs together!","curiosity"
"The fuck? That ball was still on the ground tho.","neutral"
"true that.","approval"
"toxic players will sure show you the ways soon enough. Hope you got the game for free.","desire"
"You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.","caring"
"Don't go into alcoholism because of my comment :(","sadness"
"lmao... okay buddy","neutral"
"It’s so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!! ","realization"
"Who's [NAME]?","neutral"
"You forgot some hyper text transfer protocols there buddy.","neutral"
"Couldnt find this one in google, where abouts is it?","annoyance"
"They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !","realization"
"At least you went out with a bang.","neutral"
"To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is","amusement"
"Next level up to termination.","neutral"
"I wish to find my best one.","desire"
"Why do y'all gotta be mean like this. They're clearly comfortable with themselves","neutral"
"I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.","neutral"
"Though underwear would have made this less embarrassing, I wear it for a different reason. ","amusement"
"supposed to be brain ache but I am too tired with all these losses i have","disappointment"
"Mean daddy not taking her out again.","neutral"
"Just looked up TITANS, now I've GOT to watch it!! Thanks for the advice too","excitement"
"That moment is always noted in YouTube video comments!","realization"
"I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels","disappointment"
"Forget every single acronym and buzz word from TRP. Never think using that terminology.","neutral"
"Love frank and moody together","love"
"This works for me too. Not sure why either.","approval"
"This is so scary but I would love to go there. And it is actually in Brazil","fear"
"Former [NAME]? I've been scared already by [NAME] who were former d-line","curiosity"
"Dont mind him/her, they have decided that anything which kinda speaks against the whole Apartheid is to blame for everything for the next 150 Years is bad. ","annoyance"
"Solid argument. Honestly this game’s a mess and impossible to balance for both sides equally.","annoyance"
"But the panther saddle is sexy af.","admiration"
"Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.","optimism"
"I'd bet this guy is also one of those people that said "not my president" for 8 years when [NAME] was in office... ","disapproval"
"In a few years she will probably be claiming to be in her 30s!","optimism"
"I wish I could just do a poll of the whole stl area to see everyones opinion on it.","neutral"
"I think there’s something to the concept that overindulgence in technology contributes to a lack of physical and emotional bonding these days.","optimism"
"I compleatly get it. It makes me not trust people over the littlest things.","annoyance"
"Dude has a wicked coke nail... just saying.","neutral"
"I do this. It's pocket cash though. You have to do a whole lot of walking if you want to hit 6k.","approval"
"Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke","amusement"
"*Whispers* ... ‘they are everywhere.’","neutral"
"There's so many! Auntie [NAME] and Dame [NAME] are two of the best. But personally, the bass player from Spiderbait, [NAME].","admiration"
"Exactly. That's why I'm watching his videos as well. ;)","admiration"
"Thanks, I'd never heard this information. Only "humans have the best endurance"","gratitude"
"I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY","annoyance"
"You can't vote here anyway so it is a moot point.","neutral"
"Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus","amusement"
"[NAME] dumb friends wanted him with the little baddie. and now he's gonna end up back in jail. Oh [NAME] I love [NAME].","love"
"Awe! That sucks!","surprise"
"Are you kidding? She literally got on top of him while he was tripping and he's the asshole?","neutral"
"No scratch. Weird. It's almost like she just popped her pimples and smeared the blood. 🤔","embarrassment"
"Get himmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!","neutral"
"Oh wow I didn’t realize that","excitement"
"Remember, the little accident with black panthers nomination...","neutral"
"I'd go with "Thanks" and leave it there or maybe ask what exactly they are praying for depending on what kinda relationship it is.","gratitude"
"And I clapped. So hard.","excitement"
"Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4","admiration"
"OH MY [NAME]","surprise"
"Better hope nobody steals your keys","optimism"
"Come on, New Day! Make it finally finally happen, [NAME]!","excitement"
"So it gets flipped to him being corrupt when he doesnt side with [NAME] as I said.","neutral"
"What a finish","admiration"
"Nice try hom... oh no it’s real this time D:","admiration"
"Real-life goblin checking in. It’s very demoralizing.","disapproval"
"What evidence are you basing this on? What evidence would you accept as convincing you're wrong?","curiosity"
"Human produce bad carbon dioxide too We should EAT OURSELVES ️","amusement"
"Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.","admiration"
"Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.","approval"
"Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...","sadness"
"> complains about fun > plays game mode with the most fun > loves it FTFY","approval"
"I can't describe how that makes my stomach feel","relief"
"Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!","gratitude"
"IDK about this stuff but I think you need a psychologist.","desire"
""Think about how dumb the average person is; then realize that half of them are dumber than that!" - [NAME]","realization"
"Weird, just got back from the one on Grand 45 min ago and I got in and out no problem. ","annoyance"
"Anecdotal evidence.","disapproval"
"Reminds me of series finally [NAME]. Serious and dashing.","admiration"
"Bee happy! ' v')","excitement"
"Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.","annoyance"
"Seriously? If he spent the same amount of time doing anything else would everyone be bitching that he’s addicted to that? Doubtful.","confusion"
"Wow got em you know [NAME] made the same mistake ?","confusion"
"No no this is true. A very redeeming quality. Them [NAME] like their water crisp and cold.","approval"
"Didn't the government drastically cut the amount of international students they accept? I'd expect this will reduce the demand for housing","approval"
"At least this person sounds like they don't want to be fat. They just need guidance m","neutral"
"I've been expecting that forever edit: gave up on that one","neutral"
"All the ladies can stay at my place.","caring"
">if your car is so great why do you have to fill it with petrol all the time This is how stupid you sound","annoyance"
"Its free karma","neutral"
"I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.","admiration"
"They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.","neutral"
"Had such a hard time cutting up the steak","sadness"
"It's not your fault....","neutral"
"I have soo many questions!","neutral"
"We should have been doing this for years.... The reservations people had/have against the use of stem cells held us back for far too long.","neutral"
"Franz Ferdinand are awful too","neutral"
"Bohemian Rhapsody is a horrible song. Really horrible. Queen had a lot of great songs, but that one wasn't one of them.","disapproval"
"I'd say British humor isn't for everyone. I think he was on point most of the time.","realization"
""paid text messages" And what an odd assortment of districts, most of these I'd categorize as Lean D to start.","surprise"
"WHY WOULD YOUR LANDLORD GIVE A STRANGER KEYS TO YOUR APARTMENT?!?!","neutral"
"I was in that phase for a good while until i lost it all later anyways.","disappointment"
"[NAME] has the best facial expressions LOL. Her face is literally this emoji: 😒","neutral"
"Stay hydrated, move slowly and stay cool.","caring"
"I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect that to be real","disapproval"
"I would also have all this issues if I looked myself in the mirror dressing like that","disappointment"
"[NAME] is getting frustrated and [NAME] is playing well, not much between the two last few points. Finishing it off is going to be a challenge for [NAME]","disappointment"
"I mostly shooed him away and didnt report him. But no one liked him. It was a short internship.","sadness"
"Watching LEC is such a snooze fest... the casters are awful, the interviewer has awful flow, the players have no personality...","disgust"
"Yea no problem just be aware that when you are trying to aim at someone it can lock onto the wrong target because of the bigger lock on area","caring"
"Do something you’ll love and you’ll never work a day in your life? Huh, strange","optimism"
"Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.","embarrassment"
"oh c'mon - i wanna see you defend old testament slavery some more!!!","neutral"
"No I'm saying you can't love someone else if you don't love yourself. ...","disapproval"
"I would say make it NSFW but I won't joke. We don't work here","anger"
"It was interedtinh to see. The first few sacks were schemed up, but eventually, he started beating his tackled with some consistency.","annoyance"
"By having to pay out over a hundred million in lawsuits?","neutral"
"Cool story bro","optimism"
"It's not your cake day tho, so take a blue arrow. ","neutral"
"I friggin love [NAME]. Are we sure she aint [NAME] in disguise?","love"
"> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?","curiosity"
"$2M AAV, love this deal","love"
"thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period","relief"
"What, do you disagree that that freak can in fact buy a megaphone?","disapproval"
"[RELIGION] is indian tho lol","amusement"
"Don’t make fun of the cancer kid","caring"
"West Ham is the retirement home for players that used to be good/talented some years ago.","admiration"
"Hey, we have that problem too. Remember at least one number, folks. It's in your best interest in case of an emergency or jail.","disappointment"
"Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend","confusion"
"#25 on the floor #1 in my heart","neutral"
"I love this one too "I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well" Men translate this into "Pay me for sex"","neutral"
"No. It’s slower and takes more calculation but it can be done. That’s why it should be practiced.","disapproval"
"Which one? The November game where the Bengals almost come back or the December game where the defense scores two TDs?","neutral"
"This exchange made my day. From a female doc, thanks for getting it. ","gratitude"
"Yeah, that’s probably what he was trying to say","neutral"
"He was standing there, they went up to him. Like have you not watched the video?","confusion"
"Ah, I didn't understand the context.","confusion"
"Ugh Morons stop breeding","neutral"
"nothing specific. it varies. it's rare.","neutral"
"Please give us updates. Oh wow.","excitement"
"Also 24 years old. I'm that old and it's odd.","neutral"
"Thanks for the help but just went for the delete all option somehow still kept my ranks so idk what the fuck that all was evennabout","gratitude"
"That's sick I love your setup! Have a great tour bud!","excitement"
"Dedicated agents will work without pay to see him hauled away in cuffs to visit his pal [NAME].","approval"
"Ya, because it’s funny and relatable","amusement"
"I can’t believe I’m agreeing with [NAME].","surprise"
"I told them I’m not ETFSEC so they cancelled the call :(","sadness"
"Someone who seems great while texting might not be that great in person. You can't make someone meet a stranger if they don't want to.","disapproval"
"By pushing misleading and false information, your agenda is dividing [NAME].","annoyance"
"I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.","disapproval"
"You gotta know [NAME] is willing to pull the trigger on you at any moment if it means he can fleece another gm.","caring"
"If you read sub rules, you would know you can't post here. ","disapproval"
"I’ll never understand people who freak out at that, just say they were born a different color.","approval"
"A fatass? Look at him. You think he cares about his appearance? He’s likely talking about alcohol anyway.","disapproval"
"Men and women praying side-by-side doesn't make Israel any less of a [RELIGION] state.","neutral"
"Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.","fear"
"These posts must make people want to be security guards.","neutral"
"What a terrible list","fear"
"We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!","sadness"
">No most cops are good people who wants to inforce the law. Pick one.","admiration"
"Thank you destruct","gratitude"
"Mountaineering is more technical than hiking, and requires ropes and other equipment. Hiking uphill is part of hiking.","neutral"
"The username makes it even better, sucking a dudes toes, who is [NAME]. Man I'm jealous ","anger"
"It looks like how [NAME] is introducing the comedians in "Whose line is it anyway ?"","neutral"
"Of those affiliated with TFSA? Not heard about that. I do recall there being a general amnesty to those involved in looting though...","confusion"
"Spoiler: you might be depressed, go find out if you are, then come back.","neutral"
"Thank you for saying so! I have loads more where that came from on my soundcloud.","gratitude"
"I get all my cupcakes from Randalls, however I wanted to try Central Market recently but interested in how I would get scammed.","neutral"
"One of my favorite war movies ever. The cast and soundtrack are unbelievable","joy"
"She’s sexy I’d hit.","admiration"
"You’re the coward! I was the second man to walk on the moon. NEIL BEFORE ME.","annoyance"
"They hated [NAME] since the beginning of [RELIGION], they treated them like animals","anger"
"Personally I'm wondering why our OP didn't go with the clone angle. That's way more insane than them just being sent to prison.","surprise"
"Didn't even knew that was a thing, eitherway it would be nice to have a back up page just in case","realization"
"I’ve literally done this when drunk before, I doubt it was you but my apologies nonetheless haha ","amusement"
"Run. Dandududududud","neutral"
"Oh wow. Except gillette i haven't used aby P&G products in years","realization"
"Only a dozen times? That’s nothing. You can do that in one evening. You’re giving up before you even tried!","admiration"
"Here is [NAME], a member of parliament saying [NAME] was a socialist killmenow.jpeg","neutral"
"Ask him if he’d consider opening a makeup store if you gave him $6000","neutral"
"dont be scared","disapproval"
"Calling (some) media the Enemy of the People and Fake News - is that not impeachable in a non-bizarro world?","anger"
"Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.","annoyance"
"Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.","anger"
"That number seems a bit low to me","disappointment"
"I think most of us would really just rather you calm down a bit and stop being such a jerk.","neutral"
"YES. Thanks man. Now I can feel less weird about my 20-year long passive aggressive rivalry with my sister. That means a lot.","approval"
"This is the proper timing","admiration"
"What "same thing"? You're not addressing any of my actual argument and have barely been doing so for a while.","annoyance"
"What is the chair in the photo? I'm torn between sex toy and torture device.","neutral"
"[NAME] rev up my tractor I got a cuzin to marry","neutral"
"Id rather do the highlights again just not a full match.","realization"
"Yeah, people my age make me more anxious than older people. I feel like my generation is more judgmental.","approval"
"Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.","optimism"
"Awesome! I just recently custom made some art for my razer panthera! It certainly is a lot of fun to do! 👍","admiration"
"That doesn't answer my question.","disapproval"
"So wtf can I do then ? All the killers I was good with I suck with now and ruin is cleansed way too damn fast anymore .","neutral"
"Kinda both, they maintain a pin-up section in their newspaper bizarrely enough. Not like any of the credible newspapers in the province ever needed that.","neutral"
"Oh, I realized that moments after rolling down my window, when his hand came through the space. ","realization"
"It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).","admiration"
"I would be like pay me than or I won’t do anything for you again!","realization"
"Apparently [NAME] is realizing that it looks bad when he isn't performing governance duties.","disgust"
"If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.","optimism"
"He had a poor year in 2000 but a really good year in 1999 that helped the Mets make the post-season.","realization"
"It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe ","approval"
"His smile and optimism: gone.","neutral"
"Looks deliriously boring.","annoyance"
"Hope you're doing okay!","optimism"
"End this relationship NOW. And please learn from it!!","annoyance"
"air supply? the irony of life","annoyance"
"I just watched the entire episode. They never once hint that they were having an affair. That information didn't come from the show.","neutral"
"That’s one pissed off [NAME]","annoyance"
"This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.","desire"
"Welcome to the fucking Pacific NW!","gratitude"
"I wonder what would happen if you did the same thing to him.","curiosity"
"huge fool just like everyone who believes anything [NAME] says weve been two weeks away for months now","annoyance"
"I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything","joy"
"Chugging hot sauce is for retards, not for serious chefs.","anger"
"Damn. I don't think candidate has lost Colorado by a double digit margin since [NAME] reelection.","disapproval"
"Both Islanders goaltenders support [NAME] and they are having career years, coincidence? I think not. ","neutral"
"It's amazing how utterly lacking in self-awareness this sub is, that it can upvote this without a hint of irony.","surprise"
"I broke contact after 6 months. It happens to the best of us. Get back on the proverbial horse.","disappointment"
"> Clothing predates religions though Can you cite that? It seems like a somewhat interesting question.","curiosity"
"I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high","sadness"
"Tell that to korea","neutral"
"I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels","joy"
"That literally doesn’t even look like her omg","amusement"
"For the last Time [NAME], YOU ARENT [NAME]","neutral"
"hey thank you! any time I can help someone, I'm more than happy to:)","gratitude"
"If you need to vent or anything, let me know. I'd be glad to chat or even just listen, whatever helps. Stay strong!","caring"
"Ok. Thanks","gratitude"
"Small penis and resulting anger issues.","neutral"
"I live in southern Ohio and my WV based phlebotomist was literally was just telling me about this today,","neutral"
"Was it? I thought it was someone from last season. Maybe I am just remembering wrong. I’ll have to watch her again!","confusion"
"I swear of all the people that dislike artifact, the gwent crew is by far the most obnoxious.","disgust"
"I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.","admiration"
"Fuck these trendy hipster joints. Give me my shit like normal fucking people.","neutral"
"70% tax rate is a terrible idea","disapproval"
"Dam this really gave me perspective on Mother [NAME]. Of course she wouldn't go to the wedding 0.0","neutral"
"No, he controlled the match. He had to be dialed in the whole time and he was.","neutral"
"No it's not. It's two people legally allowed to kiss kissing. Whatever stigma you have is yours and not shared by everyone.","annoyance"
"just read to chapter 216 and im heartbroken i hope they fix this...","sadness"
"I know right! Now I’ll never even know how far the distance was","confusion"
"Wow damn this some good words","gratitude"
"O.o love it 👌","love"
"I respect your laziness.","amusement"
"ok, thanks pal","gratitude"
"^much more accurate","neutral"
"Its 1:23 in the morning and now I wanna go load a bowl","desire"
">We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews","caring"
"Are you implying this is not CGI?","curiosity"
"They wanted [NAME] to be in the cameo and both to wish her happy birthday as specified in the order","neutral"
"So you made this purposely to get post karma...","neutral"
"Are you feeling any better? :)","confusion"
"Cut the guy off and gave him a yes-no question. Which he exasperatedly answered. This is not the way to listen.","disapproval"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** Spottedgriffin! ^(hug)","love"
"They hated him, because he told them the truth","annoyance"
"209 comments and we don’t get to read any? All that good pasta advice going to waste. Shame.","embarrassment"
"Are you saying the ones who suffer most are billionaire psychopaths? I’m confused by the wording.","confusion"
"When it's the same composer, this kind of thing is bound to happen.","neutral"
"I don’t cry, either. It’s weird. I think it’s a personality/mentality thing. Just depends on how your brain is wired I think","realization"
"But it keeps my head warm.","neutral"
"Damn, super glue and band aids stat!","excitement"
"I'm convinced that libfems all hate themselves and other women. And in my actual experience with them that might not be wrong.","neutral"
"I never donate to 90DF go fund me. We can thank [NAME] and [NAME] for starting the trend.","gratitude"
"He’s a troll from T_D, they come through every now and then to try to start shit.","amusement"
"Appreciate you keeping to the bet. The other guy hasn't yet. Take care bro.","admiration"
"I work at a salon and we have a "no kids unless it's their appointment" rule. It's amazing.","admiration"
"Can i give reddit gold to your sister... Or at least a gold star Also how was the show","confusion"
"They were on the losing side of WW2 and unconditionally surrendered.","neutral"
"Soon to be ex","neutral"
"Can you explain to me what SW BRT means?","confusion"
"[NAME] damn it I hate when enemy keepers use their hands and stuff to keep the ball outside their goal. Make a mistake pls.","anger"
"[NAME] might actually be able to pick her up and carry her without huffing and puffing now? 😳😓","neutral"
"That’s fair, personally the manufactured electronic beat sounds the best to me","approval"
"Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.","desire"
"Observe the troll in its natural habitat! Majestic and elegant. Again and again it calls out its mating call:","admiration"
"Lol "progressive reformer". Gotta love how gullible Chicago voters are ","amusement"
"Thanks... that's the laugh I needed today.","amusement"
"Thanks a [NAME]","gratitude"
"I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.","disgust"
"I think this qualifies as r/prorevenge, honestly. Dude needs to face consequences more often, otherwise he will keep trampling over people’s boundaries.","approval"
"Flattened odds make it not matter nearly as much","neutral"
"He's so far into his fantasy land he can't let anyone say a fact to his face, it would destroy his dreams. Poor little snowflake u/chabanais ","disappointment"
"I do have a drain beside the water heater, thanks I'll look into getting a drain pan.","gratitude"
"I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight","gratitude"
"Have the zombies symbols available somewhere near for the Ra step, it's the most challenging","optimism"
"Still better than YouTube rewind","realization"
"I was well expecting the glee with which much of the userbase here would celebrate roadblocks being put up in front of "the other".","neutral"
"Growing soybean on the moon is really going to piss off the trade war neckbeards.","optimism"
"If it's all for [NAME] I'll forgive it.","neutral"
"We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!","admiration"
"Glad you liked it!","approval"
"Are those both not true statements? Everyone loves attractive people, even employers.","love"
"When does it drop again?","neutral"
"But why do I keep taking the shower? Even though the warmth seems like a distant dream...","confusion"
"Funny, coming from the tool circle jerk reddit.","amusement"
"He looks 10 years younger since leaving Old Trafford.","realization"
"You’re right. Thanks so much, appreciate it. ","admiration"
"It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately). ","sadness"
"Everybody is talking about [NAME], but what about that ball control and through ball from his teammate?","neutral"
"Love The Weasle, I've grown to like him a lot ","love"
"She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.","love"
"Hahaha thanks. I didnt notice the spelling dammit. Edited now.","gratitude"
"Do you mean addons exclusive to him? The instasaw bubba is pretty fucking good....","admiration"
"That's a great point that I never thought of before... possibly nobody has!","admiration"
"I loveeeeee Perth!!!! Why isn’t anyone else gushing about this town?","confusion"
"Shittiest crowd weve got this season omg please stay home an empty arena would of been better than this shitshow tabarnack","disgust"
"PUT ON THE GLASSES","neutral"
"All that matters is how you use those four inches, really ","neutral"
"What I'm suggesting is that since companies are "people" in the terms of citizens united, something like this could have some interesting unintended consequences.","desire"
"Meant to post in r/Photoshop . There are more people online on r/Advice , though. Thanks for reminding me. Can you help me with my problem?","caring"
"This one is hitting people that knew him hard. He was such a happy guy all the time. Hopefully they catch the bastard soon.","joy"
"How did Detroit quality for these trade exemptions? By sending 4 guys and acquiring only two in the [NAME] trade?","curiosity"
"Aren’t property owners responsible for clearing sidewalks in front? The bike lanes are part of the roadway, and thus under the city’s jurisdiction.","anger"
"I genuinely don't think he is. Those features with a friendly smile or a cheeky grin, backed up by a good personality could totally get it.","confusion"
"The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.","admiration"
"And then he comes back after Wallmark's goal with, "A little Swedish Sizzle!" Best play-by-play announcer in the business. Love him!","admiration"
"Except of course that's not what I said. Autists like you like to live in a fantasy life.","neutral"
"It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.","fear"
"Its a bit weird of them to recommend you a song by The Strokes after they told you their offer","neutral"
"I love music but I haven't given a shit about the Triple J's Hottest 100 in at least 10 years","disapproval"
"One million points for Slytherin!","excitement"
"Just hanging out at UQ St Lucia is pretty cool.","joy"
"Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.","disapproval"
"I really wanna see how this argument goes....!","curiosity"
"What happened? Did something set you off? THough sometimes we can have good days and bad days, don't let it offset the progress you've made","disappointment"
"22 years to the day. It was uncanny.","neutral"
"Its great that redditors who bicker over different topics can come together for a laugh","admiration"
"It’s fun until you’re looking back","joy"
"Think about how many times OP has jerked it into those sheets","neutral"
"People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol","realization"
"Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...","embarrassment"
"Well reality exists therefore [NAME] is reality. Checkmate, atheist.","approval"
"[NAME] has turned into one of the NBA's great actors","admiration"
"You have my good wishes and words of encouragement! There is so much wisdom in “one day at a time.”","caring"
"I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it "offensive and pointless".","annoyance"
"Why not, I mean [NAME] is a child who likes to play with puppets. ","confusion"
"I know. My question was if they **used** to compete in T5-TTT2.","neutral"
"I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven. ","relief"
"Name and shame","embarrassment"
"Curious about your thoughts on BC’s LNG activity.","curiosity"
"if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face","amusement"
"He’s just tired and needs to rest.","caring"
"what are you doing here, [NAME]","curiosity"
"Chinese is awesome. Best of luck to your endeavors and med school. Hope to see you in r/Universityofhouston in the future ;)","admiration"
""what you want" is a populated, limited set, and thus discrete.","disappointment"
"As someone who's had whooping cough as an adult I will physically beat down anyone who says that especially about their kids","caring"
"I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven. ","approval"
"It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.","nervousness"
"You're all insane.","annoyance"
"[NAME]? 1st for [NAME]?","confusion"
"Ghostbusters 2: ghost-bustier ?","neutral"
"Yeah people demonize salt but like that's the opposite problem with restricting, salt is my friend leave me out of it","neutral"
"This whole ordeal seems entirely pointless, but i don't want to turn away in case i miss some drama","disapproval"
"So is the OP still permabanned for no reason?","curiosity"
"We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.","annoyance"
"I would like to send you a card or an email for your next birthday if you would want that :)","caring"
"[NAME] expunged my paraphernalia without consent and I called the **LAW TIGERS** to sue him for damages.","anger"
"How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].","sadness"
"Interesting!!","admiration"
"“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.","remorse"
"Imagine what he thinks of TLJ...","neutral"
"Because she wanted to look at the American girls lol","neutral"
"[NAME] doesn't believe in tipping.","neutral"
"This would be boring as hell","disapproval"
"Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this","disgust"
"Wow i've sat like all of those","neutral"
":-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.","admiration"
"Nice try hilary but you lost to those idiot minority","admiration"
"[NAME] buddy, [NAME] :) being lonely is only much needed solitude in disguise, a break from all the shit","neutral"
"he's gotta make shots and get to the line...2-6 so far, no ft's","desire"
"Srsly, mountains in Netherlands?","surprise"
"I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.","admiration"
"I dont know how this is a joke. BUTT, I appreciate the effort.","confusion"
"So in other words, he wooooshed","neutral"
"It is a kayak","neutral"
"Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander","confusion"
"Ace here! I do masturbate and enjoy it, I just feel no sexual attraction or desire to have sex with other people.","approval"
"Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail. ","desire"
"I love a good leg pop","love"
"They are. Primates (humans being the exception) dont hug like that when they're happy.","joy"
"What's with the click? I don't get it... It ruins the joke *hangs up*","disapproval"
"900 IQ Play by that tracer to use her 300 Damage Ultimate on a 600HP Character who has a healing/damage resistant ability.","sadness"
"I forsee success in your future endeavors.","disappointment"
"[NAME] doesn't know the pain of CHRONIC MASTURBATION though. So I think [NAME] has the right","approval"
"Guy looks like he's taking a nasty deuce.","neutral"
"Damn....poor guy","neutral"
"If [NAME] gave me pizza I'd still be annoyed but I'd eat it.","neutral"
"Personally I like to thin their are lizard people. It would explain their cold hearts.","neutral"
"No no! I meant it in a positive way. The emotional rollercoaster of the photo album.","optimism"
"I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.","sadness"
">You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.","disapproval"
"Don't underestimate him, he can do it in 2","neutral"
"I don’t know that they’re like that until the get in my feels and then BAM. Dbags","realization"
"Honestly not mad at that lineup at all. Let's make it happen VH1!","realization"
"Venezuela has uniquely terrible oil.","neutral"
"Doesn't matter, you don't deserve an advantage over everyone else just because you have a disability. Edit: Lol, downvoted for stating a fact.","annoyance"
"It doesn't have to be illegal to be wrong. And really, *sit down*? lol","neutral"
"So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.","admiration"
"Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.","amusement"
"While I agree, that doesn't necessarily means we should take those 3 in the first 3 rounds. It really depends on the players available. ","approval"
"Yeah, at this point I just keep of off anything remotely related to what Im playing/reading, its just too easy with the internet these days too be spoiled","approval"
">How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]","optimism"
"You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.","approval"
"[NAME] and [NAME] would be amazing, maybe [NAME] too.. The Rolling Stones, [NAME] and [NAME].","admiration"
"I just call em like I see em, [NAME]","approval"
"Happy Cake Day 5makes10fm! Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.","caring"
"True only it's much harder to hide real property than it is to hide cash.","approval"
"already downloading, as long as there is 1 or 2 fun heroes it will be worth it","realization"
"Okay, thank you so much!","gratitude"
"They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !","disapproval"
"I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!","desire"
"Urgh I feel that. I'm doing an exam next week and I'm gonna have to wait 9 weeks for the results back.","neutral"
"I’m really starting to like that kid","approval"
"Thanks for your advice.","gratitude"
"Oh! I didn't realize they were also vegan.","confusion"
"You and everybody else is free to contribute though. Unlike r/bitcoin where all of us once came from.","annoyance"
"Alright... What does that have to do with the question?","neutral"
"That’s awesome! Good call :) settling my alarm now m/","admiration"
"You’re mean","anger"
"> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.","disappointment"
"So THIS is what it's like to have a seizure when listening to self control...","approval"
"Swap places? I'd take your place over listening to my father complaining about how Canada's not conservative enough.","curiosity"
"In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.","anger"
"I agree w that.","approval"
"Girls screaming alone gives me horrible flashbacks","fear"
"I legit thought he was JSE for a second. I was so confused, but so happy all at the same time","confusion"
"*Bride walks by* B: "You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"","annoyance"
"Awful taste hmmmmm","disgust"
"the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.","neutral"
"Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all","approval"
"oh I thought you were calling OP loser my bad","optimism"
"That is extremely uncomfortable to look at.","embarrassment"
"This sounds an awful lot like a solicitation. In case it isn't, what you seek may exist but you'd probably have better luck with the lottery.","fear"
"Sounds like a problem with how you are playing, not with the perk.","neutral"
"I need to know the backstory on this!","desire"
"Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that ","approval"
"only Beijing? Forbidden City and national museum are great , $100 pre day would be enough to find a decent hotel.","admiration"
"Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying","fear"
"Love Galore pt.2 💯🔥🔥","love"
"What is it called? "People online voicing their opinions and making jokes about the hilarious bs we do".","curiosity"
"United wins the championship and then profits 20 million off this transfer? Rest of the MLS needs to take notes and catch up","approval"
"Thats who I thought it was too😂","realization"
"Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]","admiration"
"From Rockledge, Florida in the united states. Don't know why I ended up here to be honest but it's a good time.","admiration"
"Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.","admiration"
"Her elitism is what earned her the place here. She's clearly a lefty statist.","disapproval"
"Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.","fear"
"I'm torn. I watched it twice, but only twice. Also, I didn't check the sub until I saw the comments. ","neutral"
"Thanks. I'm still sad till this day. But whatever happens, I'm at peace with his decision.","gratitude"
"I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because "I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"","approval"
"Wait what are the stereotypes? As a bi male I'm a bit curious to find out what others think in like.","curiosity"
"Because it would look worse than 2D art.","neutral"
"Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??","love"
"yea he had 6 assists which created 13 points, if he had 13 points and no assists people would be calling it a great game for him","disapproval"
"Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers","neutral"
"It's great, though kind of painful if you ever had dreams of writting/drawing/making a comic/game/novel it hurts a lot.","admiration"
"She's probably had to delete it all now the police are involved, they will be using it as evidence ","neutral"
"It sucks because the guy ruined the name. Also ruined a tiny mustache.","annoyance"
"They’ve always loved her. i read this in the space of five episodes.","neutral"
"That's a huge shame and says more about Sacks than it does anything else.","disappointment"
"You better go to a church tomorrow and repent..also, tell the Pastor what happened. I am serious. ","approval"
"I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.","anger"
"So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.","annoyance"
"What an amazing guy.","admiration"
"Ugh yeah it’s really tiring. I’m in a public place right now and just had like, 3 mood swings. ","annoyance"
"Boy just tell her to "calm down" or "watch her tone" and get it over with.","neutral"
"No kidding, this dude is trying to drown some serious demons.","optimism"
"Yes [NAME]!! Give us interviews 🖤💜 love this idea","neutral"
"Imma say this didn’t happen","disapproval"
"If it was Central Transport you might of got lucky. Sometimes I wonder if they even hve doors on the trailers things go missing an awful lot","admiration"
"If [NAME] gave me pizza I'd still be annoyed but I'd eat it.","approval"
"That’s depressing","nervousness"
"Not your chair, not your problem. That's what I say.","caring"
"Lol alright dude. Nice chat.","approval"
"How can he be cool? Pretty sure he has sexually harassed women.","approval"
"I just switched to the extra srength coconut oil one and i absolutely love it","love"
"Good luck. :)","optimism"
"I’m confused because her mom doesn’t post anything bad, especially compared to her photos she took in prison. ","confusion"
"i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw","disappointment"
"Fine. I hope he has a fine wife and she’s fine if he shall need to pay a fine.","optimism"
">The left doesn't need this kind of public displays. >i never said that explictly or implicitly **thinking emoji**","neutral"
"There it is! Just the facts! I take it you are a PragerU man.","neutral"
"I would love to see a sewing challenge with Manila in the mix.","love"
"Please. Sorry.","sadness"
"I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.","amusement"
"Lmao, this guy is a tool.","amusement"
"I'll have one in front and one behind. Please and thank you!","approval"
"really? I tried last NYE during the day and it was dead","neutral"
"Dude, nobody wants to hear about your stanky feet this early in the morning ","neutral"
"As someone who just drunkenly told his boss what everyone else said about him behind his back, I can agree. ","approval"
"I want to get off [NAME] wild ride","neutral"
"The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.","annoyance"
"And I *can* physically drink over 12 beers in a sitting. And my cat *can* physically jump out of the open window if he wanted to. Sigh.","neutral"
"You know, ive always wondered how a car could get in a position like that","curiosity"
"[NAME] rarely uploads on YouTube does he have twitch? I love his accent","love"
"Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.","joy"
"I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all","caring"
"You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.","annoyance"
"Does anyone notice how his voice always changes when he’s trying to be cute and charming.","neutral"
"being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku","optimism"
"44 is chilly. I'm in Colorado and we were single digits earlier in the week so 50 today was like a heatwave! Stay warm ;)","amusement"
"Well she mostly horrible when she was drunk, so drinking less for her would be a huge improvement.","neutral"
"She wasn't a fit parent when she molested then 5 year-old [NAME] while she was high on meth. That ship has long sailed.","neutral"
"[NAME] gets no love.","disapproval"
"I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly","neutral"
"Ugh Morons stop breeding","anger"
"[NAME] sure saved that one from swirling down the toilet. Thank you [NAME].","gratitude"
"Excited to see this kid in red and black some day","excitement"
"they are shooting everywhere. Needs to give them more pressure and contest better but beyond that not much we can do right now","annoyance"
"Im hoping for a relapse too. I like her better, her hair gets darker, her leather jacket comes out. I miss private practice [NAME]","desire"
"Don't forget about the Kraken!","fear"
"Try painting a penis around the pothole. Seems to have worked in Manchester","optimism"
"What sort of material would actually swell this much instead of eroding or just breaking? Is his ceiling made of rubber?","curiosity"
"Yeah that’s what I was saying, thanks for pulling the stats I was too lazy to.","gratitude"
"Thank you for all of the tips. It's greatly appreciated!","admiration"
"Also the least satisfying answer but probably true haha","amusement"
"stuff is incredible on fried chicken","excitement"
"Well if you already bought them why throw them away? Use them up and don't buy anymore.","curiosity"
"These memes are either on a 9gag level or r/funny levels of comedy. And I can't tell which is worse.","confusion"
"This happened at my local Odeon last night. The amount of confused faces was kinda funny to watch.","joy"
"What’s all this [NAME] business? Edit: Thanks for the info below everyone 😇","neutral"
"Nope I'm good to go! My goal this year is to drop a packet for warrant officer.","admiration"
"Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)","joy"
"Nothing gets by you","disapproval"
"Maybe that's why it's interesting.","admiration"
"I will aspire to know the truth. Do not worry. and I will pray to [NAME].","caring"
"Yup, but I love wegman's so much, although I am curious as which one this is... I am guessing Jersey or DC area","confusion"
"Yes. Ignore and move on","approval"
">!the only time it's become a harem is in the epilogue, and it's only 1 part of him!<","neutral"
"I think this does help less good pupils to learn it better and agree with the teachers. In my class thats the biggest problem when it comes to french","optimism"
"I am so sorry for your loss. I lost my Brother a few years back. My thoughts and heart is with you.","sadness"
"I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.","amusement"
"I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️","approval"
"This is why I love politics. It really shows how stupid people are.","annoyance"
"I’m so sorry. <3","remorse"
"Go forth brother and make her so. If you build it, they will come. ","neutral"
"I honestly don’t know who’s out there that’s better for [NAME]","confusion"
"Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.","admiration"
"very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)","excitement"
"San Antonio since that is where I live!","neutral"
"All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!","disappointment"
"In [NAME]? I’m in Queensland and everyone but [NAME] stands up","neutral"
"Make nachos, get a beer, and get ready to yell SUEY!!","excitement"
"Nutter is a great word for it. I haven't even gotten into her claim that she is psychic yet. That's a story for another day.","realization"
"This could be valid. Remember that [NAME] was basically non-existent for the first 4 or so episodes of S9","neutral"
"[NAME] is as intellectually dishonest and stupid as people like [NAME] and [NAME] of Akhad. He’s just a chameleon who’s clueless.","neutral"
"She's a complete nut but she's def a good one","neutral"
"I think the dog is mostly worried about being fed and let outside when the last of the humans stop coming home.","caring"
"Yeh thanks man , been into meditation and mindfulness for a longtime , tho maybe not the most dedicated it def helps","gratitude"
"I bet there's something delicious in there that hornets do make","optimism"
"Just out of curiosity... What was the opinion?","curiosity"
"Keep it, join the army get promoted to SGT so pops has to stand at parade rest for you in heaven, or hell whichever one ","annoyance"
"Except, they do.","neutral"
"Tis but a scratch.","neutral"
"Yep. That will do it. Glad to hear the message finally sank in. Rehabilitation is the key to fighting recidvism.","approval"
"Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.","optimism"
"5 days?!? But I'm mad now!","neutral"
"Shut up why do you even care about what people choose to do with their bodies lol move on and keep living your miserable and ignorant existence.","amusement"
"Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me","annoyance"
"Wow, you an asshole much?","realization"
"Go easy on your mom; this letter sounds like it was written from a place of deep love.","caring"
"Somebody's obnoxious.","fear"
"The fact that [NAME], the other principal in the original story, has gotten out of this unscathed is annoying.","annoyance"
"I'm sure there are people who really enjoy being parents though. Those people just aren't us, and aren't most parents. ","neutral"
"wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run","anger"
"Seeing people overtaking on the right makes me anxious.","nervousness"
"It's a close one. I'm going to agree with you because look what happens when [NAME] goes down.","approval"
"Lol that’s incredible! PLO is such an amazing game, so much more entertaining than NLH. Good job pal. ","pride"
"My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.","sadness"
"I would love it ... how does the chat thing work I’m pretty new here","curiosity"
"That's hilarious.","amusement"
"I think they should have gone with “Breaking news: even healthcare professional can’t see the future.”","neutral"
"But they aren't poisonous?","neutral"
"Street Samurai Koji and Ojiisan Koji are my personal favorites. Greased Lightning Koji is pretty fun as well.","love"
"If this is the original Thai (I think) one then I would say it was a pretty good watch. Haven’t watched any other versions","admiration"
"What makes you think any of it is hoarded? It’s likely to be near 100% invested.","neutral"
"He ships.","neutral"
"It's just an inside job to wreck his stats so we can lower the AAV on his 8-year contract extension after he wins back-to-back Vezinas","neutral"
"Yes! I love her laugh so much","love"
"Yeah, neither of them are communists. [NAME] is a left-leaning [NAME] and [NAME] is a [NAME]","neutral"
"Look I don’t mean to be rude but w","anger"
"She’s been on this sub twice now, girl has to get her feet back on earth.","neutral"
"Well to be fair, playing the whole game would be a great start. Winning puck battles would also help. ","admiration"
"Seems more first thought is to stop and make sure to call 911.","realization"
"And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.","admiration"
"Well since they hate cops and love criminals... this fits for them","approval"
"I suppose the circumstances of it would chance things a bit :p","optimism"
"what app is this? i see the layout every now and then i’m just curious","curiosity"
"I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.","realization"
"No. Maybe if he kills [NAME]. Still a long shot","neutral"
"I do play League of legends and [NAME] is my favorite character that's why my name has Thresh in it :)","love"
"The meth pipe is the icing on top","neutral"
"What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.","annoyance"
"It's very hard to be an alcoholic drinking only beer.","disappointment"
"I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.","neutral"
"They're holding out for as much as possible... some mysteries arent that hard to solve","neutral"
"Get a second opinion from a different doctor. Eczema can get exacerbated by home remedies sometimes, so be sure to check with another doc first. ","caring"
"honestly i don’t mind it but ik some people do and i rly don’t care enough to get into that","relief"
"Stay strong [NAME]","caring"
"he saw it","neutral"
"It’s a facepalm just for the wrong reason","disappointment"
"Color me surprised. Take your "free" care and like it, peon!","surprise"
"If you look really, really closely you will find the man tears in his eyes...","neutral"
"I'm betting you're 100% right. 😊🍻","approval"
"Slave labor because the wage savings will be more money to bribe FIFA !","neutral"
"I'm sorry that's what you read because it isn't what I said.","remorse"
"hmmm interesting... i guess your an interesting lady. PM me then. :)","admiration"
"I’m saving this.","neutral"
"Umm, I think you can take it out, [NAME].","admiration"
"I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !","love"
"Money, money, money!","neutral"
"Fair enough, but that doesn't mean she won't in 2020.","disapproval"
"Clearly I need to run for President so that I can blame all of my failures on my run for President.","disappointment"
"Love me some Clash","neutral"
"Let's keep making that trade with different teams until we have all 32 picks in the 6th round one year Sorry, I'll go back to my NHL19","remorse"
"Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.","confusion"
"Might be an overestimate at this point.","disapproval"
"There’s some Rask sparks!","neutral"
"So looks like it was gang violence?","surprise"
"Maybe you could put it in the context, which was responding to someone who claimed to have been blocked for political reasons.","neutral"
"[NAME] is a comedian. Every monologue he does is based in humor -- extremely intelligent humor. He is also extremely observant.","admiration"
"Oh sorry on my phone auto correct. Which does jobs you focus on one person ensuring that they are ok","remorse"
"Just dump it on the other side of that fence down there...ssss","neutral"
"Cheers, [NAME]!","neutral"
"I only watched the clip someone posted last week, but I found [NAME] funnier.","neutral"
"Kernel Seasons bruh","neutral"
"We really need to stick to having helpful titles or a quick tldr.","neutral"
"Considering how much they project and accuse how often they others of only hating X person because of their race, it makes sense.","anger"
"Wow I typed that out before my eyes were awake 👀","realization"
"U got some strong references mah frend","neutral"
"[NAME] who voted for [NAME] I voted for sicko mode","neutral"
"It will work this time!","optimism"
"[NAME] is a cute woman, A Shyster, but cute.","admiration"
"My names Welsh and only 5 letters and even that is too hard for most people.","neutral"
"Holy shit that was fucking bad...","surprise"
"Congratulations, you did it","admiration"
"Sounds like your new chapter has started already, brother. You deserve someone who truly loves you and treats you that way. ","caring"
"1. Left tiddy 2. Right tiddy","neutral"
"Yeah, my thoughts exactly. Alright people, time to revive this comrade's karma.","approval"
"You win one internet!","admiration"
"Keep a steady hand, don’t erase too much, and draw an outline. Don’t start on details until after.","neutral"
"I could be completely crazy but didnt they attempt a coup like 2 years ago and it failed?","love"
"Don't do [NAME] dirty like this smh","annoyance"
"gotchu lol, in that case sorry you got downvoted to hell for this lol","amusement"
"Just take them and get them vaccinated without his knowledge. Only one parent is needed. Dont even tell him after it's done.","neutral"
"Baba Yaga has very defined taste.","neutral"
"weird flex but ok (the heart is flexing)","disapproval"
"GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY","anger"
"I think the 90 day rule applies to increases over 5%?","curiosity"
"It's a waste of water to shower that often.","disapproval"
"I really should know better than to ask questions like that here...","disappointment"
"I just got kerbal space program flashbacks","neutral"
"Really? That already looks way too salty for my taste.","disapproval"
"Was at wreck beach yesterday a guy was masturbating around kids family etc just sitting next to a log...","annoyance"
"I don’t know why, but if I had to guess his sport beforehand...I’d still say it’d be bowling","neutral"
"I’m not sure are we now taking the word of the FBI and Navy as legitimate sources or what’s happening here lol?","curiosity"
"keep everything well hydrated","caring"
"Lol only a snowflake would call that a harassment campaign","amusement"
"Your VR program is a *game* changer I see what you did there, [NAME]","admiration"
"And I for one welcome our new meme overlords.","neutral"
"I didn't find it too bad. I always favoured the 1500m and my wife is from Abu Dhabi","approval"
"Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.","disapproval"
"You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.","annoyance"
"That really sucks. How old is your baby?","annoyance"
"I *demand* satisfaction","neutral"
"LOL to your family","amusement"
"I don’t get it :(","sadness"
"Hey and there are people who drink their urine too. Maybe try that next.","approval"
"Hmm, I had no idea that eating spiders gave dogs that ability.","confusion"
"Bruh cake happy day","gratitude"
"Except trophy hunters, although take away their gun and see how well they fare then.","neutral"
"We are killing this planet","neutral"
"Totally read it as [NAME], was confused","confusion"
"Huh. Similar things happen to me. Just my big brother believe that I got the wrong diagnoses and Dad think I am "cured".","approval"
"I like that idea.","admiration"
"I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier","love"
"I realized that. Why I jokingly said they were messing with you. Didn't think you actually spoke with them.","realization"
"Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good","joy"
"Glad it had a positive impact on you. Welcome to the club!","admiration"
"Only 2 days ?","neutral"
"They will. The White House gave credit yeste day to Russia and Syria and saod they will finish the fight against ISIL.","approval"
"No one does","neutral"
"I want to say I'm shocked. I'm not. Disgusted, but not shocked.","desire"
"“I did do the nasty in the pasty.” “And that past nastification...”","approval"
"Nope. This is shown with [NAME] spider-man having reversed version of the Raimiverse spider-man, a la the upside down kiss having [NAME] on the bottom instead.","neutral"
"That town is sadder than [NAME] town. I don’t remember it being anything besides rainy or gloomy in Ohio :( poor yonathan","caring"
"Have you ever consider knocking three times and that hide and seek/stalker vibe is terrifying. It's the most disturbing thing I can link you my AR 15.","annoyance"
"Well, quite. Now I’m all annoyed.","annoyance"
"“Deforestation” - The brilliance of this idea wont be obvious until the green mold starts to blossom on the bread. /s","neutral"
"Well if you refer back to my original reply to you that should be clear, really. ","approval"
"Read divorce busting and kill all marriage counselors. As much as it sucks...youve been given a gift by him giving you time.","anger"
"Maybe he has really bad short term memory, and is genuinely curious how the cop got his attention.","sadness"
"Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters","neutral"
"Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar","approval"
"Yeah, [NAME] stans cannot get enough of it. In their little bubble [NAME] can outsmart a queen with experience in dealing with petty people. ","approval"
"Hey, come on! You did me twice! ","neutral"
"I thought he had it tattooed on like [NAME]","neutral"
"GAA' isn't a sport...","surprise"
"I need to find a term for this so badly.","disgust"
"I don't think we could afford the expense bill for coming out of a pretty cushy retirement.","nervousness"
"They want to play the best team to learn the most.","neutral"
"Which really gives a ton of insight into their psyche: they see interpersonal relationships as retail transactions, and then even beyond that go all choosing beggars. ","neutral"
"You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.","pride"
"Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.","annoyance"
"didn't work anyway","disappointment"
"I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is","neutral"
"Maybe I have the mind of a child but I found that entertaining like I’d upvote it if I just saw it","joy"
"We just had a teacher do that at my school. I don't know who wiped the kids butts though","curiosity"
"I've found that people who say things like that are the worst at partying","realization"
"She was such a pretty girl, she didn’t need to get all those surgeries. What a shame.","admiration"
"I really hope that this guy becomes the next u/back2worksoon on Meme Monday","optimism"
"I mean every team could use a few vets to help the kids. I'm not saying to sign him to a four year deal or anything.","neutral"
"They react bad because they've been indoctrinated to see capitalism as the only way that works. Even if they're social democrats.","neutral"
"I can relate to this so much.","approval"
"Also likely selling stolen goods too lol","amusement"
"Okay well we should move him to wherever he gets the most opportunity to blitz from LB while our new signee can cover behind","neutral"
"That's not what I've heard ;)","disapproval"
"It was intentional. Maybe not with much thought behind it, but a very dangerous instinct.","disappointment"
"only suckers believe this don't be a sucker","anger"
"so painful to watch","disappointment"
"Well AB definitely isn't the norm, but if you're gonna have burgers and fries why not have something better","caring"
"You've described my parents who have been happily married for 36 years. You are good dude.","admiration"
"> Take away the snow and it looks like an IU home game. Damn [NAME].","neutral"
"Did people really go against [NAME] when he came out? I wasn't as in to his stuff at the time but I remember people being supportive.","confusion"
"It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.","disapproval"
"whah we got a badass over here xD","anger"
"Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol","amusement"
"i got the auto reply a day ago","approval"
"This is what happens when you've gotta get the video out as fast as possible. Quality suffers.","desire"
">Parkour is better in odyssey Hah. Nice one. I was actually believing that this was a serious post up until that point.","disapproval"
"😂 thanks. I like yours!! Makes me think of yoga retreats but like in the best way possible","gratitude"
"Nice, thanks!!","approval"
"Chickens would definitely die out, sheep might have a small chance at surviving, cows might have a slightly higher chance, but pigs would surely survive.","approval"
"No. You know better. She has already demonstrated how little regard she has for your feelings.","neutral"
"Consoles can’t hit 120 fps in fortnite m8. You’d be lucky for like 90","disapproval"
"> Do you need me to link posts or something? Yep. Nice ban evasion account, by the way. ","approval"
"I can't help but agree with the headline at the bottom, bright side (the YouTube channel) is annoying.","annoyance"
"Personally, I think WebOS was the best until HP beat it to death. I loved my Palm Pre.","love"
"Don't get your hopes up; apparently car seats also cause autism:","neutral"
"Oh wow. That’s nice of New York.","realization"
"Damn that's a good-looking pizza","admiration"
"Thankyou!!!!!","gratitude"
"Pls no, it's too cold outside to go hatless.","neutral"
"All star is a popularity contest voted by the fans. Stupid as fuck. [NAME] should be an all star this year","annoyance"
"^(That was a joke man.)","amusement"
"Random question but has your username ever actually worked lmao","amusement"
"What I learned last year was not to read the comment sections, because it used to get me hot!!!!! ","annoyance"
"Are all the people in that thread praising SB2...SB2? They all talk in a similar manner. It's odd.","annoyance"
"thanks heaps it actually did help [NAME] good man, saved","admiration"
"ah, if only i could hug a beautiful and understanding woman and cry all my depression around her neck.","admiration"
"I quit soda about a month ago and this makes me want to go buy an entire 2-liter just to comfort myself","joy"
"You obviously don't understand, this season was a bumper crop and *I* want to bank all that sunshine in *my own* pocket.","desire"
"I hope you’re doing well with RCIA! So sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family, and your daughter ♥️","caring"
"I loved this place but I would only go for the big Blockbusters. It was the best IMAX theater in Minnesota hands down RIP","grief"
"Yeah, but ask how many people know who [NAME] is and how many people know who [NAME] is.","curiosity"
"I was kidding.","amusement"
"The pit! I fell in it, the pit! You fell into the pit! We all fell into the pi-ee-ii-ee-iit!","neutral"
"I love playing [NAME] against everyone. Main fire for 2 seconds, alt fire in the head, 100🔥 ","love"
"Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.","optimism"
"[NAME] is a madman and I love it.","admiration"
"I've had good luck reselling on StubHub. They take a cut but it is secure and easy to do.","admiration"
"yeah i guess being a sexually unsuccessful giant dweeb is being red pilled","realization"
"Oh ya, def me","approval"
"Oh gosh dang it","surprise"
"My adopted daughter told me, "You can't tell me what to do. You're not my dad." While true, it still stung.","disappointment"
"Aw thanks!!!","gratitude"
"I love your art style, that looks fantastic!","excitement"
"yeah, [NAME] is who i was talking about :( love her but soon as she starts talking about baby stuff, i'm out","love"
"I’m a woman","neutral"
"As someone who is not based in America and has the basic understanding of a toddler about molecular science in terms of football, why do you hate him?","anger"
"I like [NAME] because she hates America","annoyance"
"And do they all follow her main account? See, she has fans, they just all happen to be her. Lol","amusement"
"As Kings fans both my brother and I laughed out loud that it wasn't called. Looked sick though.","amusement"
"Make a super sweet piece of jewellery","curiosity"
"Sounds fun, is it?","neutral"
"Other than the Futurescope trilogy, it is pretty bland.","neutral"
"Wouldn't it be great if [NAME] went down with charges?","optimism"
"That's spot on, except for the "it does matter" part.","neutral"
"I mean... It's about average. So not $200 but not "throw it in the trash" either. ","anger"
"Yup. I don't want to soil the paper unless I have something very interesting to write about.","neutral"
"Use a damn rubber","annoyance"
"Please stop LOOKING, and go.","approval"
"“So which one is she” “Uhhhhhhh.....”","excitement"
"Then present an opposing argument.","neutral"
"Unfortunately for [NAME], when [NAME] meet her on the battlefield, his machete will not hesitate. ","neutral"
"Wow I guess alcoholics and drug addicts done exist either! and everyone always makes logical great decisions!!","admiration"
"But people have jumped from burning planes no parachute no snow on the ground and walled away.","neutral"
"Wonder if it’s possible for [NAME] to engage with a polite fan in a magnanimous way.","neutral"
"this made my day/night. thank you","gratitude"
"Just triggered me thanks","gratitude"
"Because he's looking at the love of his life! Oh does he love the person looking at him in that big screen!","gratitude"
"Introducing, PortaBoobies. Boobies, when you need them!","neutral"
"Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.","surprise"
"Yeah, that would be one value combo he would shove that she is beating.","sadness"
"You should make your own listing to showcase exactly this. Should be easy if it's as rampant as you say it is.","caring"
"He's protecting and defending the angels now 💚","neutral"
"Store them on a barrel in the ship and have to transport them in your bucket?","neutral"
"Democrat politician, my bad should have specified. We are mostly all “liberals” here even if we’ve been alienated on this issue.","embarrassment"
"Wwwhhhhyyyyy do they keep forcing [NAME] down our throats. [NAME]!","neutral"
"Could do even better by kicking out anything north of Cambridge or west of Oxford.","optimism"
"Yikes. Be careful out there.","caring"
"I heard the same thing after she had made false allegations and tried to hoover me back . Its so triggering now .","annoyance"
"ahh sweet man seems like i have more luck at night like 6 and after","amusement"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"Before things like that can happen we need to first atleast make it stable and usable for the people that actually do pay","neutral"
"Yeah, I'm just saying it's too early to be writing off any candidates.","approval"
"Yes in the right places as do bites, again they have to be in the right places.","neutral"
"Watch alpha jackals explanation of the Nerf. It's a great explanation","admiration"
"IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]","annoyance"
"True. Edit: Maybe my only issue is the misuse of funds. Like that couple that went to Vegas and put the homeless guy in a trailer.","neutral"
"That depends on the country and the state (if in the US.) You don't even know what continent they're on.","neutral"
"[NAME] buyin?","curiosity"
"Our o-line was great outside of 2 games this year. My [NAME] did you even watch or pay attention to this team this year?","confusion"
"that sounds fun!","excitement"
"If everyone liked exactly the same thing, there would be a few very worn out girls and billions of lonely, horny guys","love"
"Eh, not in Europe, it ain't.","neutral"
"I hope you enjoy it!","optimism"
"couldnt believe [NAME] got the rebound AND the three","neutral"
"Also in [NAME] news - he's now contributing "insight" to Sputnik. Nothing weird there...","neutral"
"I second this. All signs point towards him biding his time until the next election and hopefully solidifying his place to expunge the filth.","optimism"
"Today on someone flamed me in chat","anger"
"The older I get the more I just want to sit and be still on psychs","neutral"
"It’s halftime so I turned it on LivePD and this is the first thing I see...","approval"
"Take an updoot for making me smirk and smile. It might be immature, but it's hilarious.","amusement"
"oh, it's free with prime now, added to watch list.","neutral"
"Hahahaha that one is my favorite [NAME] video","admiration"
"Btc is a shite coin","disgust"
"I sent this to my two friends and one said “haha.” And the other left me on seen : )","neutral"
"Please no.","neutral"
"Know whats too far? Anchovies","confusion"
"no I meant, it would appear if I just walk up and have the ability, without doing anything else. ","neutral"
"I was jumping the same gun but decided to do some googling just in case. Glad I did :)","joy"
"Looks f*cking delicious","joy"
"Give him time to fatten up. He's young.","caring"
"I'm not sure how is this as big an issue as you put it up to be.","confusion"
"It was a good sub before the porn took over","admiration"
"Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.","realization"
"Yes, exactly. Fix a date and if he still procrastinates ditch him. Or remain his penpal for the rest of your life.","neutral"
"It returns "Sorry, this service is not available." ","remorse"
"I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”","annoyance"
"Classic imperialism at its finest","admiration"
"Not really grinding you down though. The EU is just sticking to the agreed schedule","approval"
"I am really sorry that you are feeling this way. Sending you good vibes and reminding you that you are beautiful.","remorse"
"What an idiotic thing to say.","annoyance"
"He's not had a great season but Athletic in general has been a shitshow this season (and last) so no real surprise there.","annoyance"
"I provoked by breathing too hard. And yes, I hate that. ","anger"
".... You do realize they will eventually hit a glass ceiling since that's unsustainable.","realization"
"Smile maliciously. Make her wonder what you’re up to.","neutral"
"What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that","annoyance"
"Fuck shit bitch","anger"
"Must be a nice feeling...unless UDG is counted.","caring"
"Yeah, but most people who have body pillows don't have girlfriends so can we really use this as a good example","optimism"
">We had a bunch in the prequels (which also suck, please stop giving them too much credit salt miners). It's treason then. ","neutral"
"So much confetti","surprise"
">Eat more salad Might I also suggest some vegetables too. You'll feel infinitely better","caring"
"Out of curiosity, is this notion backed up by any evidence?","curiosity"
"Girl, wear what you want. Here in Michigan, we get accustomed to cold. No, I'm not freezing just because you are.","annoyance"
"He burnt out. Give it some time. Other option is he never really cared, but I find that unlikely. Also maybe life just happened.","disappointment"
"BOOP! Go Stars!","neutral"
"I believe he means he was a very pretty child to become otherwise after puberty...","admiration"
"It hurts to look at it","sadness"
"Imagine we hadn't spent money on Barkley, Drinkwater, and Bakayoko. The money there would've been enough to buy someone like Isco","neutral"
"Wow... drug smugglers will always find a way I guess. I bet that took a ton of work","approval"
"This is being said about every fucking update that lowers the skillgap. Yes, it does change the game because we're already affected","annoyance"
"Except of course that's not what I said. Autists like you like to live in a fantasy life.","approval"
"okay thanks!","gratitude"
"uh... you explore. Iv def been curious and just spent a bit jamming my fingers in there feeling it all","curiosity"
"Congratulations. You posted the famous very first lolcat picture.","admiration"
"What's wrong with your cousin.","confusion"
"[NAME] is such a doofus. It's awesome","disapproval"
"Man, I can still remember [NAME] playing for Texas","neutral"
"Get help.","annoyance"
"Seriously? Where the fuck did that sink come from?","confusion"
"Halakhically it appears that they didn't have a problem with it. Halakhically I have a problem with it.","neutral"
"Just tell them cheating is part of toxic masculinity and they will immediately crack down on it.","neutral"
"Intelligence is to know the difference between MB and Mbps. Wisdom is to not be a cunt about it.","realization"
"Eh? You inherited basically the entire language!","curiosity"
"lol, not a bad idea I could always ~~use more easy money from you suckers~~ help the community ","approval"
"Didn't one of those two idiots void their visa to the US over some political bullshit? I think it was [NAME], can't remember.","neutral"
"Tan woman here. I can see my boob veins too. Kinda cool to trace the lightening strike","amusement"
"Honestly I thought it just meant any game where you couldn't choose Casual mode... which is everything pre-Awakening.","neutral"
"I dont think all of us do. However I think the ones who actually do are unfortunately the loudest.","surprise"
"Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.","anger"
"This guy probably just started watching football. These younger generations just aren't as educated as they used to be.","neutral"
"My comment wasn't aimed at you... try to relax","caring"
"Correct. I still play NHL Faceoff 98 and I always turn that rule off, because it's terrible.","approval"
"It can be uncomfortable to be honest but after a while you both find your sleeping positions.","neutral"
""LEFT TURN YIELD ON GREEN"","neutral"
"One dumbass who hasn’t watched Hereditary complaining about meaningless awards on the Internet means... eh. I lost my point. Go watch Hereditary","anger"
"That’s what I think as well.","approval"
"oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh","excitement"
"It's a shame you're sticking up for a dictator who orders the beating and shooting of protesters in the street.","anger"
"They also oftentimes are not friendly environments for women and queer folk in my experience","annoyance"
"Get a lawyer. You entered into your marriage in good faith, that shouldvcount for something. ","neutral"
"Love those clips on YouTube, does this add anything to it? Considering Netflix's obsession with exclusivity, this is an unusual arrangement. ","curiosity"
"She got the death penalty...? fck me.","anger"
"It would be in the league's best interest for the Dodgers to win too, right??","neutral"
"After someone told me about goat yoga I now believe all anecdotes like this.","approval"
"I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC","desire"
"He's a selfish bastard druggie, so we no longer care about him. Thank you for your condolences <3","anger"
"Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!","surprise"
"Definitely not looks, but confidence and body count? Absolutely.","confusion"
"Bee’s are cool","neutral"
"Ha keep him on his toes","neutral"
"Is there much of a population? I wanted to play it back in The day and then they changed it into an almost entirely new game.","anger"
"I like it I just wish he’d drop the m and apostrophe","admiration"
"Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.","caring"
"I really want pizza right now","desire"
"This is my favourite movie. Not enough can be said for [NAME] acting. One of the best things about it.","admiration"
"*Super Dark Times* was awesome. Those kids were great actors. They really tuned in on the bleakness of the situation.","admiration"
"The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.","neutral"
"Where is the discusting from?","annoyance"
"He thought of it but we don't want his mother's house to be wrecked by the staff.","neutral"
"I thought she was married to my boyfriend. He's got some splaining to do...","realization"
"I'm so bad playing solo! I guess I need people to help me improve.","embarrassment"
"I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits","optimism"
"First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much","disappointment"
"This movie, though simple but effective, shows how it is being jammed in your face is because it was just one police officer, chill.","approval"
"I am always hungry. I do not know fullness. No matter how much I eat.","confusion"
"Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!","gratitude"
"They’re all so damn gorgeous. No complaints here lol","admiration"
"That’s disgusting. You should be ashamed of yourself. Banging someone in sales. No excuses for that.","disapproval"
"Yup, I rather take those small shots get messed up than drinking a diarrhea drink. ","neutral"
"Yeah, you can see the ball changing direction","neutral"
"[NAME] is the worst coach in bulls history","neutral"
"Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.","optimism"
"Lol I need details!?","confusion"
"Many of them do love LEGAL ones.","love"
"Good for you for shutting that door! You are not responsible for him. He’s a grown ass man who made his own mistakes.","anger"
"[NAME] after he declares he loves playing Fortnite, wants to play with his brother no matter what and loves Vancouver. ","excitement"
"I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.","nervousness"
"Awesome map!","admiration"
"What does the guy she's cheating with look like compared to you? Be honest and objective.","curiosity"
"Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for ","embarrassment"
"Comment [NAME].","neutral"
"Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.","gratitude"
"Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.","approval"
"The men who didn't get other matches were being hypergamous in matching with a [NAME].","neutral"
"yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.","disappointment"
"Aren’t property owners responsible for clearing sidewalks in front? The bike lanes are part of the roadway, and thus under the city’s jurisdiction.","curiosity"
"All these threads are being brigaded hard. They're not even trying to hide it.","neutral"
"You've never come across two pickup trucks blocking the road yakking it up?","neutral"
"[NAME] and I don't agree with much, but I agree with him here.","approval"
"Doesn't change the fact that the Lions weren't in a position to get him because they had too much money tied up in their QB.","neutral"
"Devils fan here: how good is [NAME]? I'm watching this game and was wondering how he's been and what his potential is","admiration"
"But, oh boy, they can try.","neutral"
"[NAME] actually just released an awesome video on the self help industry and it's relationship to these folks!","admiration"
"Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢","fear"
"Sad, but American","sadness"
"I really appreciate this perspective, man.","gratitude"
"I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes","optimism"
"yeah, a little bit.","neutral"
"After 3 weeks of vacation, today is my final vacation day. Unfortunately, I go back to work tomorrow. not staying up for this one","disappointment"
"Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not","fear"
"19??? Yikes slow down, enjoy yourselves and figure yourselves out. Not an age to make big decisions like that, I say at 24...","caring"
"Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain","approval"
"Googled it, the US is a democracy.","approval"
"Ah. I can't see that when replying in my inbox and didn't see his name the first time I checked here to read other comments","realization"
"I love Wayfair! Just started using them and am impressed. Sounds like UPS sucks. Enjoy your couches! Haha","admiration"
"Thank you! I call on Monday to find out when I have court","gratitude"
""I shot [NAME] in the face"","neutral"
"I love your username...","neutral"
"This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.","optimism"
"My main issue with Anarchism (although this should probably go on anarchism_101) is that i don't see a difference between anarchism and syndicalism.","neutral"
"Pretentious erection is going to be the name of the lawyer funk band that I’m going to bring into existence someday.","desire"
"Ok who is yelling OHHHH every time [NAME] throws a punch","approval"
"Wow. This I definitely needed, I'm glad I stumbled onto your comment. Helped in a major way, thanks. ","gratitude"
"He ain’t lying. I’ve seen the way he eats tacos!","disgust"
"Love me some sushi! Have yo give this a try!","love"
"This is your first boyfriend so you're overanalyzing more than you normally would. It's your issue you just have to move past it.","neutral"
"I love this!!! You got it!","love"
"We gotta throw the whole world away","anger"
"Could be an attainability thing. My personality is very aloof and I tend to have much better results with more confident girls in general.","approval"
"[NAME] isn’t the problem [NAME] is.","disapproval"
"I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.","joy"
"[NAME] already setting records for most nicknames in the league. There is no way to stop this kid...","disapproval"
"I broke contact after 6 months. It happens to the best of us. Get back on the proverbial horse.","neutral"
"[NAME] back, LAL will keep it close at the least or snap out of this funk.","neutral"
"Like the op said, [NAME] is more of a giver, so I think [NAME] would be happy as long as [NAME] would be happy","joy"
"Is that a sattiva or an indica?","neutral"
"I would LOVE to be on the show!","desire"
"You should be flattered he wants to have sex with you!","neutral"
"lol [NAME]","love"
"Yes, good communication is key and we all see the world through our own unique perspective. Thanks for sharing!","admiration"
"Thanks for keep us posted","gratitude"
"You don't avoid it.","neutral"
"Yeah, surely this is *exactly* what democracy is? ","curiosity"
""You aren't important, just impertinent." That's a third degree burn","annoyance"
"Outrage over something that isnt even true. Thats sad man Edit: well the bandwaggoning part is true","annoyance"
""14 Last Minute Life Hacks For Busty Girls"","neutral"
"I don’t know why but this made me crack up so hard!","confusion"
"People put their lives at risk trying to rescue them.","neutral"
"WHO'S EVEN ON THE ROSTER AGAIN? FUCK, [NAME]? [NAME]?","neutral"
"My school usually says that you should avoid fighting and try leaving the premisis asap","neutral"
"You're that Ninja...","confusion"
"Yep. They'll declare a national emergency and use army troops to seize all the plastic straws from chick fil a restuarants in the country","approval"
"ain't that just a beatiful thought","admiration"
"Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.","caring"
"I’m shocked at how big that defeat is.","surprise"
"Don't remember the gold but I wanna say like $16ish and like 430 exp","neutral"
"Believe it or not, but I saw that he's a college instructor now","surprise"
"No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*","anger"
"Just asked my 8 year old that goes to public school. He says they still say it.","neutral"
"Haha yeah!","amusement"
"I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.","love"
"Yes!!!!!! She’s a hot mess!","approval"
"Okay this is racist fear mongering. I got it now thanks.","fear"
"No one ever laid on their death bed and said, “I regret not working even harder.”","remorse"
"[NAME] would be a disaster for the progressive movement. [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME], not much better.","neutral"
"No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...","disapproval"
"nah, my face is the farthest thing possible from cute ;-;","disapproval"
"You're right. Respect and honesty has never changed for me, though I realize that's naive","approval"
"I love [NAME].","love"
"other than the fact that she's totally korean you mean?","curiosity"
"These honestly are getting infuriating. The creator of this made this whole thing up yet Facebook old people take it as reality.","annoyance"
"Brown isn't a primary color, those are red, blue and yellow...","neutral"
"YES YOU SHOULD, although it's only in 2300. Surrounding communes get expensive quickly.","approval"
"Go get some sleep buddy, it'll be alright.","neutral"
"Hi, yes? Ok, one moment... Hey OP, yesterday called and they want their post back. ","neutral"
"If it was communism, the poor lad would be killed","realization"
"You're ugly","disappointment"
"The kind look on his face certainly helps","optimism"
"look at more of [NAME] work, he really makes the picture come to life.","neutral"
"[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics","joy"
"It's not his fault, it's your wife's. Shes the one you need to be pissed at","anger"
"I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.","neutral"
"Ah, thanks. ","gratitude"
"What's the name of it? I googled Anker and there are several, but I want an included SD lol","excitement"
"I hate Detroit","disgust"
"Dont think i can find them in -15C but would be cool","admiration"
"Huh I would figure the Royce's have been lost in the shuffle of thousands of characters introduced since Waymar, rather than a late bloomer.","disapproval"
"I dont know.. i did message him many times but he didnt reply me.. i am worried about him. I asked his mother about him","approval"
"Well who knows Germany was way ahead of its time","neutral"
"Sydney is not for you","disapproval"
"That only works for the ironclad","neutral"
"yeah it was awesome!","admiration"
"I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.","disapproval"
"Yay!!! Finally the fix we're all looking for after hours of endless scrolling.","approval"
"Lol thanks! I thought it was funny but apparently my humor isn’t for everyone.","annoyance"
"We don't have this problem where I live, we use Torrents ","approval"
"Oh, the boat was already on its way out lol","neutral"
"The Volvo driver is calling his lawyer...","neutral"
"Fuck is exactly what she's good for","neutral"
"Tech hobbyist scifi fan (me): That fridge is going to get hacked","neutral"
"Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health. ","caring"
"Parliamentary systems don't have the same separation of powers anyway. But it's the executive of Bavaria, not the federal executive telling them how to vote.","neutral"
"Actually good point, I should have asked for the source their too. It was only a rumor when I first heard. Might be wrong, sorry.","approval"
"INJECT A GIF OF BASTIAN NODDING IN SATISFACTION FROM THE BOX INTO MY VEINS","neutral"
"That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.","curiosity"
"Go Army!","neutral"
"I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.","disappointment"
"what the fuck do you learn in first grade that’s so important anyway?","anger"
"Mono Red is probably the best counter to Mono Blue, but it is unfavored vs Ramp and that probably makes it a bad choice.","annoyance"
"I note how you said "on" and not "in". I see what you did there.","neutral"
"The sex must be great.","admiration"
"You can always tell from the vote counts lol. They're way too blatant","amusement"
"Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well ","admiration"
"Holy shit, your therapist just (inadvertently) explained SO MUCH in my life, internet stranger.","anger"
"Neither is beating people up","neutral"
"They are having a whole bunch of problems , maybe they are paying so the state doesn't go after them as well.","neutral"
"Just feels rude I guess","annoyance"
"HER VOICE IS SO GOOD no wonder she likes phone calls","admiration"
"What’s a matter? I thought you liked faces.","curiosity"
"Okay, that sounds like a plan, I can handle that.","approval"
"At some point you just gotta say, that’s impressive. This isn’t that point. ","admiration"
"Thank you brother. I saw you once!","gratitude"
"Her license hasnt been revoked though ;( If purposefully giving people the wrong medecine isnt enough of a reason then idk what.","approval"
"Finally getting the help it needs","relief"
"I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...","confusion"
"Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.","amusement"
"Omg the hockey god’s actually helped us !?","surprise"
"The lake is steaming! The water is way warmer than the air","neutral"
"This article is stupid.","annoyance"
"Can confirm it's very cold in Chicago today","neutral"
"Legend says he still can't believe he's done this.","neutral"
"Thank you. 😀","gratitude"
"Good. It's weird that Polish gun culture is nearly non-existent, given their history as a country. Hopefully this is a step toward fixing that.","admiration"
"Maybe try online classes or even start with a Udemy class on writing? Would that help?","neutral"
"Im loving these DBS and canuck meme mixtures","love"
"I’m kind of out of the loop... is THIS the big Chungus?","confusion"
"Forget it [NAME], it's Chirotown. ","neutral"
"This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.","amusement"
"I love Arkansas. /s.","admiration"
"more like consistent*winner*, i hope you find a lasting happiness","caring"
"She sends it to her tinder dates as proof of identity. Edit: maybe grinderdates or something else. I don't want to descriminate against ANY sex-dating app.","neutral"
"Worst episode of the entire show","disappointment"
"[NAME] for reasons of his ACL. Although, assuming everyone on the list was fit to play, I'll say [NAME].","approval"
"When did he claim it was "destroying Western civilization"?","curiosity"
"Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.","annoyance"
"What a goal","admiration"
"Please explain more","desire"
"It’s pretty captivating in a make you want to throw up and then beat the shit out of [NAME] kinda way.","admiration"
"I'm after interesting things to read (like science, tech, psychology and etc.). So what's my place?","neutral"
"errr, nah she'll be dead in both without compesations. less than 40% winrate.","disappointment"
"[NAME] I didn't know this reddit, the comments are wonderful.","admiration"
"I guess I dont see a difference between harassing someone and pretending to harass by actually harassing them. Their motivation or pre planning doesnt really change anything right?","realization"
"I can tell you professionals didn’t do it that way in 2009.","realization"
"[NAME] Damn [NAME]","anger"
"I really want to find a female version of him and ship them both","neutral"
"At least you went out! For what it's worth, I definitely would have gone out with you if you were near me.","neutral"
"Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter","confusion"
"Honestly his post was a little sad. The fact that it got upvotes makes me want to avoid this sub over the summer.","annoyance"
"Try harder next time <3","admiration"
"Having fewer friends means having deeper friendships in many cases. I can tell when someone isn't my real friend.","approval"
"[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.","caring"
"Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.","anger"
"Should people be taken to court if they are suspicions about them killing someone?","curiosity"
"Oohhh so you go to school on a military base? Is your mom or dad in the military or both?","realization"
"Delete this. Not relevant.","neutral"
"I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.","sadness"
"Thank you so much. I will involve my landlord/Roomie","gratitude"
"I agree it was just funny with the timing. I'm guessing you don't usually order AT the gym. :)","neutral"
"dudes jelly. keep your distance.","disgust"
"Happy cocaine on a plate day!","amusement"
"Money is always going to exist sorry","neutral"
"Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.","caring"
"I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!","excitement"
"But actually, they are all beta","approval"
"Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!","admiration"
"This is one of the best things I’ve read on Reddit Cheers to your perseverance","admiration"
"yeah you're right. i just glanced over and thought it was a swish haha","approval"
"MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!","anger"
"I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's","love"
"Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)","joy"
"My ex would have believed that kinda stuff too. Some people aren’t really into movies","desire"
"Lollll the mental gymnastics required not to be embarrassed by admitting you have to buy someone elses hair.... To put on your heads lol like what hhaaha","amusement"
"Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.","anger"
"Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.","neutral"
"I didn’t know it was gonna be that simple Forgive me [NAME] :D","surprise"
"Lots of them to mature. Thank you for half baked?","gratitude"
"[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.","anger"
"Love the new intro song.","love"
"Other dude is right, OP and [NAME] comment got me masturbating","approval"
"Wipe them out, all of them!","neutral"
"I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.","approval"
"I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.","optimism"
"That’s so cool! I can’t wait to see when it’s finished!","admiration"
"Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing. ","annoyance"
"You're going to have to make that simpler for my tiny brain to understand","optimism"
"We are simply comrades in feed! Accept this glorious future!!","admiration"
"One of my favorite war movies ever. The cast and soundtrack are unbelievable","admiration"
"ASK HER OUT FOR COFFEE OR SOMETHING ALREADY! And while i wish things go well for you with her, next time dont wait for so many signals.","desire"
"And I clapped. So hard.","admiration"
"You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.","admiration"
"I didn't downvote you but Emirates 1st class suites are ridiculously nice.","approval"
"That’s what I was thinking but the few times I’ve had it happen I got far less than than long pickup + cancel.","confusion"
"I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest. ","disapproval"
"You described my life!!","excitement"
"Good luck.","optimism"
"She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells","neutral"
"There's really no way to know since my lady hormones prevent me from remembering sexual assaulters' identities.","approval"
"Seriously. OP needs to get their shit together.","disgust"
"It's crazy that I just saw like seven clashing patterns and immidiately thought "oh yes, eastern Europe". Why is that?","curiosity"
"Ikr. Who the hell goes to Greggs for *pizza*?","annoyance"
"Without US attempting to do a regime change by funding jihadists in the first place there wouldnt have been a syrian civil war.","neutral"
"Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness","disapproval"
"That’s how I got banned","neutral"
"He said some facts and you accused him for being 50c. From his tone you can't even tell he's a supporter of CPC.","anger"
"Thanks man I’ll try, you stay strong too!","caring"
"[NAME] was bottom 3 just last split...","neutral"
"Let's not name anything after him. Even if it's a disorder, the incels will take it as recognition and pride.","pride"
"I love this. Thank you","gratitude"
"Hopefully he gets better and comes back so they can give him a proper roast. :) really heartening to see people come together like that.","neutral"
"I'm so sorry. That's awful.","sadness"
"Ah TDS victim, got it.","approval"
"If they didn't want the wheels to be stolen, they shouldn't have made then so easily stealable!","disapproval"
"You’re a wonderful person. I wish I could afford to do the same ❤️","admiration"
"Sure you can, it’s called abortion, we’ve done it literally millions of times","neutral"
"But it looks so fluffy","neutral"
"HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE","anger"
"Judging by my 10 month old, that is about 2.5 days worth of dirty diapers. ","neutral"
"You’ll struggle to get premier league tickets (without paying a hefty premium) so concentrate on the lower leagues.","neutral"
"I guess we both have just had wildly different experiences with the game and how our friends have played it. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","excitement"
"If hes there in the third he might be worth the pick. His tape looks atrocious tho.","neutral"
"I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.","approval"
"I would pay money to see the security cam footage of that.","neutral"
"But you understand that the whole point here is to get [NAME] in that suit.","neutral"
"Can’t tell if you’re joking. But it’s called a habit.","disapproval"
">!I mean he did give himself a weird new arm...!<","surprise"
"Heppy birthday OP! hope you get your favorite cake/dessert! 🎁 🎂","admiration"
"I’ve read your comment over and over and I’m sorry I can’t parse what you’re saying.","remorse"
"You have to demonstrate the necessary being in this world.","neutral"
"It was a screech of delight. I like this hire. Would let to get a good OC now.","admiration"
"Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)","neutral"
"[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.","gratitude"
"I used to. It was a common pattern that my thoughts would spiral out of control but somehow I grew out of it eventually.","relief"
"Now I know where to do stag party for my friend, finally.","approval"
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels the same!","joy"
"I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that. ","confusion"
"Happy holidays used to refer to both Christmas and new years.","joy"
"LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁","neutral"
"True. Here the mistakes has already been made. Please don't mess up for us who are looking for an alternative refuge to Israel.","disappointment"
"I can't thank you enough for letting me know this exists. I'm going to go waste an hour looking through it all now","gratitude"
">continually push that as fact I never once did. I responded to the corrected statistic that YOU provided.","approval"
"Someone needs to quit horsing around I’ll go home now","neutral"
"Ignore the trolls this is a fantastic idea.","admiration"
"Lol, the delusion is strong.","remorse"
"Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option","disappointment"
"while it's debatable how big government should be, I'm glad someone isn't advocating for private fire departments again. that was such a disaster","pride"
"Let me admit. This show is a guilty pleasure. Seeing these people's lives in such chaos brings me joy.","joy"
"Did I say he was a scammer? I said he's disgusting and there's nothing endearing about him at all. Not surprised this subreddit is defending him","annoyance"
"Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.","caring"
"kind of funny considering that the fentanyl that is killing people in North America - Canada and USA - comes from China.","joy"
"I know right? Let me just stop what I'm doing to feel pity where you go wrong in relationships.","curiosity"
"If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 "omnipotence".","approval"
"Like... how is that possible? Holy shit","surprise"
"As a millennial, I think millennials are childish entitled humans. ","approval"
"And why do you have low self esteem?","curiosity"
"Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.","disappointment"
"He literally looks like a potato","amusement"
"Gotta share the love, have an upvote :) ","love"
"Yeah I don’t think [NAME] wants you to fuck my wife/his girlfriend anymore you cuck","disgust"
"Bitch yes!","anger"
"Be free!!","caring"
"Additional space race","neutral"
"Agreed. And I like how far you can see into the distance","neutral"
"I’ve heard of “over hard” so a fried egg (like over-easy) but broken yolk and fully cooking it... idk","confusion"
"This hit a little too close to home","neutral"
"Just ask if she wants to go out sometime. It doesn’t require this much thought","curiosity"
"Another italian word could be added to that brexit context. Comedia dell arte.","neutral"
"Wow this team has no clue what to do against this right now. There has to be 15 turnovers already.","annoyance"
"Noice! I hope to improve my Mika with this~ Thank you and may the Muscle Spirit be with you!","gratitude"
"Nah you just gotta know how to use him. I've had great matches using him","admiration"
"Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard. ","disapproval"
"It's a grey area, my grand dad on my mum's side is a devout [NAME] and he listens to music and performed when he was younger. ","neutral"
"That's an adorable horsie","admiration"
"This. Nurses already have one of the hardest jobs on the planet. They shouldn't have to waste time on this.","disappointment"
"Wow you just disregarded his entire comment.","disapproval"
"[NAME] Almighty. This may be the most empathetic and compassionate reddit thread I've ever seen! Who ever said drunks were mean? Terrible stereotype.","fear"
"Have you received any answers from them outside of ‘DM me your client ID’ and ‘please make a support ticket’?","neutral"
"Oh. For real? I stand corrected then. I haven't encountered that before. 🤷🏻‍♀️","confusion"
"She was probably suspended to protect her from the angry mobs protesting outside the school edit: here's a better article","optimism"
"[NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]. That thing about their daughter and [NAME] was just weird but whatever so was the whole thing","annoyance"
"I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.","admiration"
"please report the physical and emotional abuse to the police so there is record of it. And get a lawyer ASAP.","approval"
"This would be a good thing. I want capitalism to die.","admiration"
"You obviously don't understand, this season was a bumper crop and *I* want to bank all that sunshine in *my own* pocket.","annoyance"
"I'm surprised she could operate a suitcase.","surprise"
"It's strange i don't understand how work reddit, i drop a link when i create a post but it doesn't work","anger"
"He needs to go knit or something.","neutral"
"Why must you hurt me with such words?","curiosity"
"> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....","neutral"
"I like how /r/gaybros just turned 7 and this type of post is still the most common. Paging /u/-Massachoosite","love"
"Wah, the poor dead fascist thug! What a fucking tragedy. Every dead cop makes the world a safer place.","pride"
"delusion hits hard","neutral"
"That's wonderful! As you're learning to accept and love yourself as you are, so will your followers! Don't give up and good luck!","admiration"
"Welp....I think your question came across as judgmental. Why did you ask it?","curiosity"
"republicans and their hatred of Nordic countries are hilarious. "Oh no some place has a much higher standard of living than us let's bash it!"","amusement"
"So the price goes up until it's worth it for UK people who want to "work for a few months and make some money"","realization"
"A thousand times this! I just found some of my old childhood stuff from the 80s with a 2 bar and it is fucking awesome.","excitement"
"Boooo!!","disapproval"
"Except [NAME] is worse","anger"
"Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.","disapproval"
"Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil","anger"
"thanks guys appreciate the clarifications!","gratitude"
">I want to believe that everyone deserves love They absolutely do! And he loves himself enough already! Too much, in fact.","neutral"
"I'm still insisting he is not her dad...","disapproval"
"I love to watch [NAME] play tbh","love"
"The creativeness and flexibility goes away once you get out of gold.","disapproval"
"I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.","annoyance"
"I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts","amusement"
"My point is that [NAME] is a giant hypocrite for claiming he wants to respect party democracy while ignoring members.","neutral"
"Nah man you need to have NEGATIVE IQ to enjoy that show, cuz the weed ain't working.","disappointment"
"I’m telling ya, we really need to impose a basic hockey knowledge test to post here. I’m sick of the mouth breathers.","sadness"
"Ok I tried to search the sub... is it too late to get a flair? It won’t work for me","realization"
"Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.","embarrassment"
"It looks fun as hell too, from what I can tell. I’d love to give it a whirl","joy"
"I admit I’ll be fairly happy if we continue to invest in young internationals and sign a $100+ mil free agent every offseason.","neutral"
"My condolences.","sadness"
"It's bad enough to break into a house, but snooping and stealing from a friend?! r/trashy r/iamatotalpieceofshit Hope you have better luck with friends in the future!","disgust"
"This makes me want to die","disappointment"
"Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.","realization"
"I can't stand when a team member has no shoes, the sound drowns out other sounds for me and its just incredibly annoying to listen to all game","annoyance"
"SAF is also in the list for Facebook. I triggered some people when I set my birthday fundraiser up.","neutral"
"I like how bro is just underlined for no reason","love"
"Conan has officially moved to number one on the top of his hit list","neutral"
"I know! I love it..... this is who we really are!","love"
"How did U quit being obsessed? It’s my goal for 2019.","curiosity"
"Kinda both. The show itself is mediocre and has pretty generic jokes in my opinion. But the fans make me dislike it even more.","disapproval"
"The bathroom on the first floor at my school had no soap dispenser, a destroyed toilet, and toilet paper so long it left the bathroom.","neutral"
"Girls dog got bored fairly quickly.","annoyance"
"Actually good point, I should have asked for the source their too. It was only a rumor when I first heard. Might be wrong, sorry.","admiration"
"Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).","caring"
"Thank you all for the insight.","gratitude"
"Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️","admiration"
"Good news everyone!","excitement"
"Feminism Is For Everybody and The Will To Change: Men, Masculinity and Love by bell hooks could be of interest to you both.","optimism"
"one dude puked on my patio, he fell out at 2am! weak!","fear"
"Was he in your butt?","neutral"
"[NAME]... Cur from Kindred says hi. (Order). Y'all remember JTT? Best guild ever.","admiration"
"Well now we know how [NAME] and [NAME] lip syncs did lol. [NAME] is overthinking it, and have the second photo looks nothing like her?","curiosity"
"How generous :) you must really make them happy. Good on you for that","admiration"
"migration lol","amusement"
"Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.","disapproval"
"He's been great since his first snap as a [NAME]","admiration"
"My point is that IQ basically works. As with literally everything, there are flaws, but it's not junk science. ","approval"
"When I was in college a girl in my dorm asked me to "stop using big words" because I used the word "duplicate."","neutral"
"Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.","disappointment"
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying "libertarianism is astrology for men"","approval"
"I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.","desire"
"Thank you for that statement.","gratitude"
"In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.","annoyance"
"I thought there's a top 5 and they filmed each elimination? What makes you say [NAME] isn't there (though I'd love [NAME] to be)","confusion"
"I am from Darwin, and can NOT confirm that "Darwin has a surprisingly high amount of good looking women" Must be hanging around the wrong places","disapproval"
"Literally right after I sent it. What the hell","annoyance"
"What do you mean?","confusion"
"Wool will stay warm even if it gets wet.","optimism"
"Speak for yourself. Our defense crumbled under incompetency despite the talent they had to work with.","neutral"
"You are the smiley face killer","annoyance"
"Thank you for your advice!","gratitude"
"Probably, [NAME] will accuse him of raping her now. ","neutral"
"Also “he wasn’t even good enough to be a starting pitcher how could i possibly allow him to be the first unanimous HOFer”","curiosity"
"What kind of dog is this?","anger"
"[NAME] has no Plan B. She's either dominating the match or praying that her opponent drops her level and playing second fiddle.","admiration"
"5 make the football hall a year as players. It’s a huge event when we get the rare 4 man induction in MLB","neutral"
"So people will support him in this fake news quick reaction political environment","annoyance"
"Yes!!!! Great weekend. As others have said, I can now enjoy the rest of the playoffs","admiration"
"I think Bayern get far less hate than they should tbh, the Manchester United of Germany is almost selling them short.","neutral"
"Ignored it and it will be forgotten 2-3 months from now.","realization"
"OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•","realization"
"We dem boys.","neutral"
"i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were","disapproval"
"Good luck, and godspeed.","optimism"
"Did you watch highlights of [NAME] vs [NAME]? [NAME] had amazing highlights but he isn’t the one competing for the Hart trophy now.","admiration"
"I wanna die!","sadness"
"I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?","disappointment"
"Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.","admiration"
"Boomers ruined the world","neutral"
"The duck looks very dignified. Some might even say he looks presidential.","neutral"
"Surprised Greece doesn’t see [NAME] as their own. I mean he’s not from Greece but still Greek.","neutral"
"I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.","sadness"
"The Evergreen debacle shows how badly that goes in real life. Turns out the Diversity Coalition would actually hack [NAME] into pieces and parade her organs around.","neutral"
"Literally anyone could be a freedom fighter if you look at it right (or wrong)","neutral"
"What an effort! Lets Go Pens!","neutral"
"[NAME] gettin angry!","neutral"
"Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier","annoyance"
"This guy isn't getting laid lmao he's tipping girls and buying them things in exchange for webcam sessions and videos.","amusement"
"I am so thrilled that you broke through that constraining ceiling, or that "tunnel vision".","surprise"
"ok, so there are no checks client side, thanks for the information and all the best luck on the project!","approval"
"I found an understanding of [NAME] degrees of belief and updated probability extremely clarifying","excitement"
"You smug fuck","anger"
"That’s so cute I wish I was that talented at drawing haha. I love art like that it’s adorable","desire"
"In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound","disappointment"
"I would go into the walk-in and curse like a sailor for a minute at full volume then freeze out the offender to the best of my ability.","optimism"
"Only Ten more minutes of watching [NAME] drop easy ass throws","disappointment"
"Don’t forget to show your work!","neutral"
"and is where it's at!","curiosity"
"Ah, good old single level LAX. I barely remember it except traffic was a nightmare.","annoyance"
"And happy cake day.","joy"
"I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true","approval"
"Grandma, the war stopped like half a century ago, you can come out of the cupboard now ffs","approval"
"As a lover of PG and Scrubs, I've not seen this one. What a genius tongue in cheek celebration to [NAME], [NAME] and PG.","admiration"
"nah man im just shook and dead™️","sadness"
"I can only speak from my experiences, but I have [NAME] and 3 siblings, 2 of which are extremely social.","disapproval"
"why the fuck is this getting downvoted","annoyance"
"Well dang. Seems like there’s no tried and true method then.","admiration"
"Can’t buy a bucket...just one of those games","neutral"
"Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of "The Good Place" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort. ","anger"
"You’re right :(","approval"
"What is that black stuff running along the tub and into it?","curiosity"
"Because some women are capable of seeing past physical appearance and are intelligent enough to try to get to know someone instead of making snap judgements.","neutral"
"I'm seeing this everywhere, what does BEC mean?","curiosity"
"My son told me he hates me","sadness"
"I have that problem myself sometimes.","approval"
"Is there any way to force him to act? Sending more budgets or refusing to vote on anything non budget in the house etc.","confusion"
"Holy bait-and-switch, [NAME]. I’m so sorry, that has to be incredibly stressful to have to be around and deal with.","sadness"
"It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy","confusion"
"YES!!!! I will never understand why some post rants complaining that they cant make $$ off another persons hard work.","neutral"
"Me too thanks","approval"
"I'm sorry for your loss","grief"
"U can try. Maybe say u are busy now Thursday but Friday is still open. I mean u are not waiting for her forever right?","curiosity"
"Big ol fesh","neutral"
"Yeah, apparently they're wrong. It is a bummer and only getting worse, it seems.","neutral"
"[NAME] the curse is real. This ones on you LeBatard.","approval"
"Actually it's quite hard to decide without a proper reason. Under what circumstances do we have to do that?","confusion"
"I’m going off memory for the FLDS and the show “sister wives” so I could be totally wrong.","neutral"
"You're right and I hate it.","anger"
"Dear lord this woman is awful","disgust"
"It hasn't been posted until now! Thanks, babe!","gratitude"
"You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.","disappointment"
"My entire family is Buffalo fans, it's all I've heard about this week","admiration"
"I am honored to be your only comment","admiration"
"Yea. That video is garbage.","approval"
"HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL","surprise"
"I see,if you'll just excuse me............ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )","neutral"
"[NAME] might be up your alley, friend. ","neutral"
"It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something","disapproval"
"She is renowned for her versatility.","admiration"
"The only way I can make people laugh","neutral"
"I feel you. Most look generic af. I've seen some absolutely stunning ones though. Like [NAME]. She's a 10/10 IMO.","approval"
"She's a complete nut but she's def a good one","gratitude"
"It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something","annoyance"
"St. Anger and All Nightmare Long are my favorite albums :))","love"
"Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost","disappointment"
"Oof. Didn't see what happened but cizikas like died on the ice there for a minute.","neutral"
"*geez oh man my father was a mailman*","approval"
"I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.","love"
"But balance does not include the dark side","neutral"
"Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.","admiration"
"I'm not but there's a difference between criticism and constant, unrelenting negativity.","disapproval"
"Introducing, PortaBoobies. Boobies, when you need them!","neutral"
"what do you wanna bet [NAME] thought they meant "his" campus sexual assault info as opposed to everyones and just stalled to be safe?","neutral"
"Alright leaving town now. Thanks again. Taking my mom she’s always wanted to go to a game.","gratitude"
"Convert to [RELIGION].","neutral"
"I’m hoping I can find a stream of [NAME] doing the play by play!","optimism"
"My [NAME] this Administration is somewhere between the mafia and the three stooges","surprise"
"He was already hard when I came in","neutral"
"Thank god, Montrose has always been lacking some decent Mexican food and now we're finally getting it!","relief"
"My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple! ","admiration"
"I keep swallowing chunks of infection from my sinuses that are draining. It’s really ruining the wine.","embarrassment"
"Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.","gratitude"
"Guy who posts on r/steroids talking about the shortcomings of others, oh boy","annoyance"
"I always thought the GNT version of 10:14 was amusing. Intelligent people talk sense, but stupid people need to be punished. Proverbs 10:13 GNT","amusement"
"We saw them last year from Baker Beach. So many whales!","approval"
"Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.","anger"
"SIGN HIM UP","neutral"
"#I BELIEVE IN [NAME]","neutral"
"exactly. you're a child. you make personal attacks when you lose an argument. I feel sorry for you.","anger"
"Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone","approval"
"Damn. It's hard to comprehend how massive the USA really is.","disappointment"
"Very interesting to find out about small details like this. Are there any similar problems with any of the other armor sets?","annoyance"
"It picks you What I would do is try out everyone at least 1 rep You will find a main eventually I wish u luck :)","approval"
"Is that not implied by continuing to be friends and work with her?","neutral"
"This is honestly the cherry on top of the cake with this story. That's absolutely hilarious!","amusement"
"I'm a little disappointed that the tier markings werent' just different shades of green.","disappointment"
"Don’t like blood of the dead by the looks of it.","disapproval"
"I'll Google it, thanks again!","approval"
"i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift","joy"
"In our military at the time you could pay out at any point. They really only wanted people who wanted to be there.","neutral"
"Gee that sure is a strange way to spell [NAME].","disgust"
"that's ok, I'll come join you someday after I've finished all the tears here so be patient ! : )","caring"
"And that he’s not white","neutral"
"For those interested, Three Arrows has a great video debunking the "[NAME] were leftists" lie.","neutral"
"Shut up about the sun! SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!!!","anger"
"“The failing of mistaking internet trend.” Clearly he is a grammatical genius.","admiration"
"Ignore him, he is a spiteful little rat who is mad because someone did something good and it reminds him how pathetic he is.","anger"
"The myth is about selling shirts. Signing [NAME] opens up much more money making opportunities like commercials.","optimism"
"Sorry about that! Edited with the addition of those details.","sadness"
"Because no one was seriously hurt - - - It's hard not to watch this without laughing.","neutral"
"I rarely go to Dallas, I'm actually closer to Fort Worth. There's really not been much of a need to travel that far. ","annoyance"
"I suppose it is quite frustrating to have someone telling you the sky isn't blue","annoyance"
"Honestly, he’s throwing up at the moment. We’re gonna nap, drink some Gatorade, and get our shit together","relief"
"And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!","amusement"
"Thank you [NAME]","gratitude"
"I had a panic attack when I saw that, thinking that I slept for 3 years and Hall was a Duck.","confusion"
"BOUNDARIES. have some boundaries. say no. don't go. this is frustrating to read, honestly. don't do things that you hate doing.","anger"
"I have nothing to offer you but my love.","realization"
"Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.","sadness"
"Careful, they scare away easily, but they will be back and in greater numbers.","fear"
"But he's famous","neutral"
"Lol thank you so much for pointing that out. It’s the “re” on the “tard” cake.","amusement"
"If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?","confusion"
"It's one of my most hoped-for things. I think you should be able to approach a player and request a duel. It would be sick","disgust"
"I dont think self-sources work for TIL.","neutral"
"Yeah, too many blind assumptions. I'm just happy that we're getting four additional characters to pad the roster with.","joy"
"Interesting article, terrible author. Plagued with grammatical errors.","approval"
"That is patently false, considering his history of driving multiple businesses into the ground.","disapproval"
"This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.","caring"
"Please don’t give up like that. People gaslight you, and you just lie down and take it? You are stronger than that. 💕","approval"
"Oh, boo fuckety hoo. Let me play a sad song for you on the world's smallest violin.","neutral"
"They think they're so special 😂 I usually end up saying "oh wow another one!"","annoyance"
"Oooo I see, I was hoping it wasn't a troll thing, it seemed really tasteless.","disapproval"
"His entire speech during the climb was amazing.","excitement"
"Because its creepy and weird","disapproval"
"What is it that you are posting twice all over the internet again?","annoyance"
"Literally the reason he was discribed as the "king of parries". ","neutral"
"Congrats. Having a steady job (and one that I actually enjoy somewhat) is the #1 thing that helped me out with depression/anxiety.","admiration"
"Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!","gratitude"
"Insecurities exist even for people that are attractive. Even hot people are just like everyone else.","neutral"
"Damn I WANT to hear this!!!","desire"
"My problem is I like to get high","neutral"
"OP, u/christiangreyisdraco and u/lurkerturndcommenter, thank you for trying to make the point about focus. I appreciate your many attempts!","gratitude"
"Yeah that happens t","realization"
"I’d be very concerned if the posts on this sub were coming from 7 year olds.","approval"
"“[NAME], I tried to make ramen in the coffee pot and I broke everything” - [NAME]","remorse"
"Wow, [NAME] acting like he got [NAME] Punched.","excitement"
"Honestly- my period stopping is one of my favorite “old lady” things! Ha!","neutral"
"I like this plan. Hope [NAME] and [NAME] do too.","approval"
"I find this aspect of the law so ridiculous. I suppose pepper spray is lethal to people with respiratory conditions like asthma or certain rare allergies.","annoyance"
"Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!","surprise"
"Can't wait till the home game in March... And a portland okc playoff series would be "lit af" ","disapproval"
"That sounds really agonising, to ask for help and have no one hear you. What's going on for you right now?","disappointment"
"Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.","anger"
".250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine. ","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] you idiot","annoyance"
"I totally missed this. What did [NAME] say ?","disappointment"
"When it goes on your keyboard.","neutral"
"The old bait and switch.","neutral"
"Its a bit weird of them to recommend you a song by The Strokes after they told you their offer","embarrassment"
"Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now","nervousness"
">The left doesn't need this kind of public displays. >i never said that explictly or implicitly **thinking emoji**","confusion"
"Stocks have less market friction...there is also more chaos due to the amount of individuals vying to make money there, compared to here.","confusion"
"I feel like I’ve seen these before... but when I was very little","confusion"
"60% im super ded","excitement"
"I'm as big a packers fan as the next guy, but that car is ugly lol","disappointment"
"Imagine thinking you can learn what you need to about parenting from a paper lol","amusement"
"HURRY HARD!","anger"
"Marriage takes 2 to be successful. Love him enough to let him go.","neutral"
"Can’t wait for the saas drama!!! 😂😂","excitement"
"Call ambulance or police for a wellness check but make HER pay the ambulance fees/ callout fees, not OP. it should teach her real fast.","approval"
"Old toothless finally coming out of his den?","curiosity"
"We've got [NAME], [NAME]. I don't think [NAME] understands....","neutral"
"Right outside of 723, formerly quad studios. 2pac was shot in the elevator of that studio. ","neutral"
"This feels more like r/fellowkids to me. This is nothing compared to some of the more dystopian stuff the government has pushed out to be fair.","neutral"
"If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn","anger"
"Meaning of life is to work 8h + a day and then convert your lifetime in coins you can spend on useless shit.","neutral"
"What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.","anger"
"Wow, the JCS twitter account made the photo of [NAME] with his TSK counterpart **their banner**.","annoyance"
"Just tagging along for the screenshot. As you were.","neutral"
"But some people are not on that subreddit, he is just reminding all the people in the [NAME] faction","neutral"
"From his username I can tell he lives in a city close to me. I'm sorry everyone, Vermont has better to offer than the likes of him","approval"
"I fucking love Danbo. Thanks for putting it back in my head, I see my future self there in a few hours. ","gratitude"
"I don’t get it. We should just trade our bad players for other teams good players. Smfh /[NAME]","disapproval"
"Dopey may is still relevant. Delors is not. So your comparison falls flat. Do try keep up.","optimism"
"Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post","surprise"
"You’re an awful troll...","disgust"
"Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.","admiration"
"thats.... not the type of disco that i remember","confusion"
"When [NAME] drives, she sits in the middle lane.","approval"
"I like, don't like it!","confusion"
"Papa Johns in my area basically gives away their pizza. I can smell the desperation in the store","neutral"
"Yeah I don't have this issue because of this, seems it's more developed for HDR ","approval"
"Fool me once, shame on you...","annoyance"
"Not sure how kittens “lol” but I’ll take your word for it.","amusement"
"don't you know? the world is america only [NAME] Bless.","realization"
"Good on ya my man. I too am excited for some game time this weekend. TGIF","excitement"
"you deserve love too","caring"
"This look is fab you can't call everything cringe just because it's eureka","admiration"
"They play loud trap music.","neutral"
"I think you can find it in pieces on YouTube. But CW seed should work. It’s odd that it isn’t.","neutral"
"Thanks so much! Im not sure if its directly from youtube its","gratitude"
"Because [NAME] is a free agent after this season so he could just leave when this season is basically a lost cause for us","neutral"
"Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute","disappointment"
"I am here with you!","neutral"
"Yep. TTC, looks like queens park station ","neutral"
"Oh, I ripped one 😉🍁🔥😗💨☁️💯☁️🤙🏻","realization"
"Indian/East Asian?","neutral"
"No it hasn't.","disapproval"
"Like... how is that possible? Holy shit","neutral"
"Weird, I checked again and it works for me now. It wasn't the first few times I tried to click.","joy"
"So you defend an evil murdering dictator and pedal conspiracy theories and whataboutism. Grow up.","neutral"
"Can genes be altered? I feel like I’ve heard something like this.","confusion"
"Tried that for a year and still scrawny and look young 😂","admiration"
"Two year old account with all posts deleted. This is an interesting way to use a shill account.","admiration"
"I love the twist you did on the “it’s all gravy” idiom. Definitely saving this comment to refer back to when I need life advice","admiration"
"Woohoo! He is motivated and awesome!","admiration"
"You badly need to do more research than just a few good operations. There are a lot of terrible ones.","fear"
"Klokslag 12 I find really enjoyable, horror movie podcast, Im not a horror fan but I find these dudes very entertaining","admiration"
"But if you go to fredmeyer, which is also Kroger, It's like 50% cheaper on most things. lol.","caring"
"I am secretly hoping for a Vini winner - he deserves it so much, the guy pours his heart out on the pitch","optimism"
"I saw the first 10 seconds and I feel like I understand","neutral"
"Interesting read. Thanks for sharing","gratitude"
"Ignorance, Illustrated","annoyance"
"those were actually just meant as an example, but that really doesn't change anything. the artifacts were STOLEN and must be returned.","neutral"
"Cheers mate, ill do that!","approval"
"I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.","excitement"
"That’s crazy","curiosity"
"They confirmed its in the queue, just not yet. Fishing is happening eventually.","approval"
"My wife really likes Deja but hasn’t listened to TDAGARIM. I’m so excited for when she hears it for the first time.","excitement"
"Actually, I was just wanting for him to say..."oh know...just attack her..."","neutral"
"This is probably why people are fleeing CT. Our state is on fire and people just keep saying "this is fine."","neutral"
"Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!","neutral"
"Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.","approval"
"I'd like to add spontaneously experiencing unending self-loathing because you suddenly remembered that embarrassing thing you did 3 years ago.","realization"
"This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year","amusement"
"I didn't downvote you but Emirates 1st class suites are ridiculously nice.","admiration"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **7th Cakeday** Korrk! ^(hug)","joy"
"Wow great video. I love her.","admiration"
"Her boyfriend wouldn't propose until the Capitals won a ring, she's telling everyone at the bar the whole story. ","joy"
"*♪… I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time. ♪*","sadness"
"Damn this is experience talking.","surprise"
"You mean [NAME]?","neutral"
"Yeah, that one. I forgot the name earlier.","neutral"
"Doesn't make me tired in the slightest. It makes my joints scream though.","neutral"
"PIN IS TOO SMALL TO FIT 20 PEOPLE! #NEXT!","neutral"
"I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(","disappointment"
"I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah","disapproval"
"Used to be the November curse!","realization"
"I like the "filler" episodes, believe it or not. I actually get bored by the battles ","neutral"
"You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow","disapproval"
"I love you, brother. ","love"
"Are you joking??????","neutral"
"Libraries are usually a Freak Show anyway.","neutral"
"Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.","admiration"
"I'm right there with you on the acting. Never thought I would be able to pull it off.","neutral"
"forget new buildings, i work at the chase plaza building and am a little bummed that seagram tower made it but this didnt.","annoyance"
"Iirc she's alive but an alcoholic.","disapproval"
"Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.","admiration"
"He did not cheat on you. He ended it with that other woman before committing to you.","neutral"
"Human produce bad carbon dioxide too We should EAT OURSELVES ️","amusement"
"She's a good chief stew and very good at her JOB but a shitty people person and a shitty leader.","admiration"
"Cars- with my dad","neutral"
"I’ve never heard of a vet adopting out pets before.","approval"
"Wow you’re “like 13” in March then bro welcome to the teenage years (soon)","gratitude"
"[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]","admiration"
"If a woman forces a man's penis into her vagina, that ABSOLUTELY IS a crime. Not sure what you're smoking. ","confusion"
"They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.","approval"
"The cutest.","admiration"
"You can do it girl! I believe in you! :)","optimism"
"if [NAME] got any more attention i'd really like it to be with [NAME].","caring"
"Is this because of the sudden spate of comments feeling shocked that we don't respect proud right leaners or have you always had these mails?","annoyance"
"Watch Vegan Gains’ video on that, he had it when he was like 13, highly doubt he was juicing then","confusion"
"My dyslexia read that as "McFucking brilliant" and I was wondering if we could make it a thing.","surprise"
"> i have never even dated a girl. Lol","amusement"
"She’s like a younger freshener looking [NAME] though lol","neutral"
"I would like a link as well, please. :)","approval"
"Anyone have a clip of [NAME]’ three?","curiosity"
"Jeez, I was joking","amusement"
"No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%","disapproval"
"This is exactly why I fantasize about carrying a glass emergency hammer. This is also exactly why I shouldn’t!","realization"
"They were definitely having sex. He will never be trustworthy. 8 years is insane.","neutral"
"I can’t think of any at the moment but I just wanted to say I love [NAME] lol.","amusement"
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what "ironic" means.","approval"
"Like any relationship... Communication is key 🔑 Oh yeah Please just be yourself ","approval"
"They scammed you by wasting your time","neutral"
"Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.","annoyance"
"Or maybe just cross posting. Or even just saving the picture, reddit does have a handy feature for that. ","neutral"
"Glad I ended my shift early to go relax and gamble at a casino... I had been having some issues since yesterday.. having to close app/restart to advance","nervousness"
"Now I know rhino poop is very green.","realization"
"You're so right. It's unbelievable how well generalizations work for this game.","neutral"
"Thank you so much. I'm really glad you found yourself. I hope to get there.","gratitude"
"😡this was a scam","neutral"
"I'd imagine it's heavily dependent on exactly where in the world you are.","neutral"
"[NAME] stands a solid chance honestly","optimism"
"Thanks, I hate moderation (you must get that joke a lot) ","annoyance"
"And those are countries ruled according to [RELIGION] principles?","curiosity"
"That way you’ll get both food and laxative all in one. Sounds like a fair trade to me.","neutral"
"Weird crowd.","neutral"
"*Looks at Amoeba music shirt* Cool i have every album ever made!","neutral"
"Makes sense, thanks!","gratitude"
"Part of me want to see the rest but the other part of me realises he's probably cold","realization"
"Well they never got into metal. Get over yourself and get a lot safer in the comments.","caring"
"Right? Remember when she requested evidence of pill testing being successful? Then the stats came in from Canberra. #calledyourbluff","neutral"
"Wi-fi and 4G ARE microwaves, and it IS radiation. ","neutral"
"I actually laughed at this","amusement"
"Kicking out a child for a biological trait beyond their control objectively makes him a bad father.","disgust"
"The inspiring post was secular wanting to involve frummies....on secular terms","neutral"
"Thanks so much for the precious advice, that is very helpful!","admiration"
"I love how the lab is in the front like "shotgun!" .","love"
"Shouldn’t this be “How sex feels after your wife has a child”","neutral"
"I know a lot of people around my rural area who did. These are people my age ~28 sharing this tigger the libs crap.","neutral"
"Making DC climate an unapologetic brutality with blistering dry winds and no snow on a typical day.","disgust"
"Suctioning I'm almost certain. Now's the time for you to google.","neutral"
"Why not, I mean [NAME] is a child who likes to play with puppets. ","neutral"
"I get that you’re upset because I find a joke funny, but keeping it to yourself doesn’t hurt anyone. ","amusement"
"No if anything the exact opposite. Couldn’t be further from the truth","neutral"
"This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored","gratitude"
"That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.","anger"
"Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.","annoyance"
"Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.","caring"
"Yay I feel so uplifted!!!","approval"
"What a legend this fellow is, novak the one and only","neutral"
"Old timbermill. Was that the long payload defense and attack?","curiosity"
"When I was a kid I had the biggest crush on [NAME] from Footballer's Wives. She's hard as hell now.","love"
"It's time to cultivate some mass.","optimism"
"Hahah, it's all good now since I've got a mouse now","amusement"
"You're very welcome. You do, and I hope (for your sake and especially for your daughters') that things work out for you all.","excitement"
"Yea, I'm willing to bet the auto makers have known about this technology for quite a while.","optimism"
"That's a very...unsettling face.","embarrassment"
"I’m glad I’m not the only one.","relief"
"If you don't understand something then you want tyranny...","annoyance"
"I can tell you thought this damp squib was an absolute dinger.","neutral"
"...which means they will likely face some negative repercussions after the downvote brigade wakes up and buries this post.","neutral"
"It's as though it all melts away the moment you realize it's not true.","confusion"
"Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.","sadness"
"I got so high someone from the future stopped me from getting high.","joy"
"It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true "faith."","annoyance"
"My [NAME] says he hates everything right now, too. He's caught himself a few times from saying he hates me. ","disappointment"
"I ahead and report this jerk offs!!!!","neutral"
"The uncanny valley of creepy.","neutral"
"He looks fine. So does that 1911. He's just holding his girl's purse while she rummages through stuff. She's right next to him.","neutral"
"You’re fighting an opponent who wants to fight you too. There’s mutual respect right there. You’re not fighting [RELIGION].","approval"
"Unfortunately they do at times, but it's not the case in this video.","disappointment"
"Keep on hmmm-ing toots. Maybe you’ll put yourself to sleep","neutral"
"It doesn’t work as well as you’d think, but thanks either way","gratitude"
"BASED AND REDPILLED","anger"
"You better be!","neutral"
"unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill","disapproval"
"He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami","disapproval"
"No reason to follow pros casting setting because they pick what is best for themselves. You will find out what is best for you.","neutral"
"Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit","approval"
"I realize. I was too hasty in my conclusions.","realization"
"I'm an inspiring man","approval"
"That's a cool dino","admiration"
"I think you are missing: He's learned from the experiences and has stopped acting that way.","neutral"
"And she has ignored every single one of them, as expected of course.","approval"
"That's what i was thinking. Did she tell you she did?","approval"
"It's MLK Day so we're offering our best deals on our Ford F250s!","excitement"
"This actually made me laugh out loud","amusement"
"Its been a long time since they were teenagers. My oldest granddaughter is a teenager.","realization"
"I didn’t get to watch!!!! WHAT HAPPENED!!!!!","caring"
"Lost my kid to the system, wanna see wha the wee lassie has tae say","disappointment"
"Oh wow this is big. Thanks for the heads up. Indeed! So many great memories that I still like to reflect back on. Thanks!","gratitude"
"I'm glad that yours is getting slightly better too! Keep on working on it and you'll be a social butterfly someday!","admiration"
"Sunni scum - check Saudi vermin - check What more can you expect, this is the lowest form life can take.","neutral"
"*”Better videotape it for that sweet IRL karma. Look at how generous I am, people! I am so humble.”*","admiration"
"Yeah... we are. But hey, misery loves company!","approval"
"What about every series prior to that? [NAME] was awful vs the bucks [NAME] was awesome. What about the years before that?","confusion"
"Guys a complete troll who has no idea about cancer or the physical pain it can cause. Move on and don’t give the cunt the satisfaction.","sadness"
"I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die","sadness"
"Is that a sattiva or an indica?","confusion"
"MTV loves Indiana","love"
"There's a sweet spot. Pathfinder Kingmaker has important lines voiced, and others are just text. It works great.","admiration"
"Omg creepy!","fear"
"A chameleon?","neutral"
"Thank you I appreciate it","admiration"
"Sounds dreadful.","grief"
"Holy crap, I've never seen a picture of [NAME] so thin.","sadness"
"Wow, that was fast","admiration"
"Don't beat yourself up, you'll find the strength to be above other people's scheming.","neutral"
"Someone had posted the last known addresses here yesterday. I'll have to go and find it.","confusion"
"Oy vey! Shut it down!","neutral"
"Doesn't mean it won't work for some","neutral"
"Omg I love it","gratitude"
"He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.","joy"
"To the place","neutral"
"I’m very happy for you! Congrats! 😁","gratitude"
"When they figure out a way to hoard the wealth created by marijuana it will be legalized.","excitement"
"Bless this woman. That honestly sounds horrific from every end. I hope her ex [NAME] has lived a horrendous life since perpetuating that disgusting act.","disgust"
"Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !","gratitude"
"Still pissed we didn’t hire [NAME]. He would’ve brought [NAME] 😭","neutral"
"I have never laugh cried so hard at a TV moment","neutral"
"The people are WAY nicer","neutral"
"Ugh the fans smh","annoyance"
"I'm jealous.","anger"
"You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me","anger"
"I know it's 40C over here lol","amusement"
"I've had a few blisters from hot welds, but nothing that bad...","sadness"
"I can't describe how that makes my stomach feel","neutral"
"I dunno, I'm picturing completely beige and generic baby shower. Beige streamers and balloons, a banner that says "there will be a birth"...","neutral"
"Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.","neutral"
"Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.","admiration"
"[NAME] account is 9 hours old. No way this is real.","disapproval"
"I don’t know the whole story here, but would getting your tubes tied be an option?","disapproval"
"That’s a pretty great play mate. I applaud you.","admiration"
"Too bad they lost.","grief"
"Is that peyote?","neutral"
"Oh very cute!","admiration"
"Love u too booboo","joy"
"Never heard of anything other than brain freeze. Are the cheese heads moving south?","confusion"
"I’m glad not too much time was put into this","pride"
"OK. You’re not distinguishing yourself from an anti-theist. >[RELIGION] [NAME] I said ‘a god’.","neutral"
"Thanks so much! Im not sure if its directly from youtube its","gratitude"
"I saw it on the internet, so it must be true!","approval"
"Same here. I just don't understand how NOBODY at Lucasfilm said during the production, "Hey maybe this is a bad idea."","confusion"
"Wiggs stop that thing you do with your tongue man.","disapproval"
"if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time","optimism"
"[NAME] earned it I think. He was godlike at world's. But [NAME] is the absolute worst S+ on this list.","admiration"
"Their heart rate and sats are great. Don't know what you're worried about.","admiration"
"That's how I feel every time someone wants me to hold their baby.","neutral"
"The DNC effectively *was* lead by [NAME]... That was the problem.","sadness"
"Llanberis is in one of the most beautiful places in Europe and I am delighted that the local Chinese takeaway speaks Welsh. Cymru am Byth !!!!","neutral"
"That actually looks so fire","pride"
"It was still controversial at the time which was my point.","neutral"
"Does include bad cgi, tho?","sadness"
"I feel like that would just be a net positive for guys, is that what she wants?","neutral"
"Wow, kinda lame that if this true, most of us probably don't know about it.","disappointment"
"Its [NAME], everybodys favorite emotional support badger.","neutral"
"People talk so much shit when I say [NAME] is just a fast as [NAME] again, [NAME] just barely wins ","neutral"
"This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh","disappointment"
"So very sweet! Brotherly love","love"
"When social costs are not incorporated into the private price, markets have left costs outside of its monetary view. Lmfao.","neutral"
"Wow. Have that much debit in your bovada account is something crazy. Props to you","surprise"
"Woah, cool!","admiration"
"This made me laugh way harder than it should have","amusement"
"Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.","caring"
"Very well put","gratitude"
"Boys this team is 🔥🚒","admiration"
"Would it be great if they instead swap around old-rich-guys blood","desire"
"Swap places? I'd take your place over listening to my father complaining about how Canada's not conservative enough.","anger"
"I didn't hear anything, somebody sent me this.","neutral"
"Also wanna point out that it’s just for like 10mil+ iirc","neutral"
"They're Canada's rage horcruxes.","neutral"
"The keg talent is awesome with a touch of honey and another round turning [NAME] into a mage","admiration"
"Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.","approval"
"lol, not a bad idea I could always ~~use more easy money from you suckers~~ help the community ","annoyance"
"if only we could blast this type of stuff out there for everyone to hear, then we might just get get those neo libs to the realization.","realization"
"CURRRRRRRRY!","neutral"
"Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past ","caring"
"It’s... METAPHORICAL!","neutral"
"Cheers, cheers_im_drunk_bot.!","neutral"
"Have you had no withdrawal symptoms? Did you quit cold turkey? I want to go off abilify, it sucks.","neutral"
"Yes, I know, I read the article, thanks. I'm not sure why you're quoting that, it doesn't change anything I said.","annoyance"
"Omg enough of all the damn hashtags, it’s not 2016 anymore","surprise"
"I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -","fear"
"Don't fight reactionary idiots in public sure sounds a lot like "sit down and shut up" to me","annoyance"
"How can they expect you to write if you can't read? /s","curiosity"
"Yeah. If you're a woman.","neutral"
"Ya, he’s a lot better. If someone maxes dlo that will be the new [NAME] contract.","approval"
"*DRAINS, CLOGS, BACKED UP LOGS [NAME]!* *OH, NO, TOILET OVERFLOW [NAME]!*","annoyance"
"me too. it's a way of keeping distance. feels too intimate to use someone's name.","neutral"
"Hmm, were you trying to prove your inability to read, or just your inability to comprehend? Either way, you've effectively done so.","neutral"
"No, only unique roles are properly checked server-side.","neutral"
"I hadn’t seen it and appreciated it!","admiration"
"I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].","approval"
"So pure I'm smiling :)","joy"
"delusional about dread being a scam (don't know how this would work) and more of these conspiracy theories with zero proof/","disappointment"
"Here's a gun "oh good something to beat it with"","gratitude"
"Something something "low information voters" or whatever other euphemisms the bro-iest bros use for anyone not like them.","sadness"
"Broom him fast.","neutral"
"Thanks [NAME] for winning so we don't have to see so much of [NAME] laughable career dwindling away.","gratitude"
""You should have known I was busy...." or some other sort of nonsense that assumes I knew ahead of time. N's, amiright?","neutral"
"I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns","optimism"
"That's gonna be the upvote party of the year.","admiration"
"And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)","disapproval"
"Probably. The internet is a physically threatening place","neutral"
"Waiting to see if a card expansion will make the game fun.","amusement"
"If they lightbulb doesn’t change then it’s racist, sexist, Nazi scum. Am democrat just playing along. ","realization"
"Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.","disapproval"
"I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft","approval"
"[NAME] I wish that was me","desire"
"I needed this in my life","neutral"
"Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.","neutral"
"Lol, some guntards stepped out of the echo chamber and sounded completely unhinged.","neutral"
"So your sticking by the term "extremist" for this massive chunk of the population.","neutral"
"Are you being stupid again?","annoyance"
"Good meme, but unfortunately the pic is fake. ","admiration"
"I wonder why don't we share this planet together as human beings instead of slaving and being like robots... [NAME]","surprise"
"I took it as a woke/edgy joke. Don't admit it was just a typo!!!","amusement"
"Bless your heart sweaty. Bless your heart.","caring"
"The oldest Millennial is 38, so mot surprising you don't know how","annoyance"
"Sure, it’s just ironic for a National PM to see it as a crowning achievement on leaving politics.","annoyance"
"Potentially, he was built up as having all these questions and being part of [NAME] Legion. But they never went anywhere with it.","neutral"
"What this guy said but with a little more cocaine and a drinking problem.","neutral"
"Is that [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Fellow [NAME] fan, reporting in. She's my favorite character in the series lol. ","amusement"
"Have you ever brought up your concern before? I understand if that is the only issue but if it doesn't change it could fester.","curiosity"
"That'd be a funnier picture if it was just a picture of the floor with nothing on it","amusement"
"Shame.","embarrassment"
"True on the colder end, but their summers are not as hot because the humidity is low so it really cools off in the evenings.","neutral"
"Please don’t do that. You can do better","optimism"
"An experiment.","neutral"
"[NAME] was actually wrong all along. JAH > Jokic /s","anger"
"Time for a courageous conversation!","neutral"
"I've been a Rams fan since the first Rams vs Pats!","neutral"
"Where do you work/what do you do?","curiosity"
"I love [NAME], but man I wish I knew what [NAME] would have been like here.","love"
"Yes. You’re both at fault for not getting vaccinated.","approval"
"He was! And people in my class would be so hard on him about his accent. I hear the guy teaching the class now is really good, though!","admiration"
"Everyone has a right to fetish. Does not mean I cannot say “you deserve to be nailed to a cross” for it","neutral"
"The Morton hockey team train there, if the football moved down maybe we’d have success","optimism"
"That is so adorable. Her username as well.","admiration"
"Weird flex but okay 💪","surprise"
"This is true — it only really is annoying for 69ing I guess. Too much going on ahahaha","amusement"
"“-sigh- I’m so bad at making friends”- Owl","relief"
"One dumbass who hasn’t watched Hereditary complaining about meaningless awards on the Internet means... eh. I lost my point. Go watch Hereditary","disappointment"
"Wow that is one part disgusting and another part a huge waste of time for expecting an entertaining payoff. Warning, this video also includes spoilers for the latest Avengers.","anger"
"Good [NAME], what a waste of [NAME] time. Wait, is [NAME] a nutritionist?? WUT?","neutral"
"He really would be. It's not even an abortion anymore!;It's just post-birth killing!","annoyance"
"Nope. What’s it about?","neutral"
"Ding Ding Ding, exactly where I called BS","annoyance"
"[NAME] will find his form again. I’m keen to see him link up with [NAME]","neutral"
"i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.","admiration"
"Guess [NAME] back hurts more than [NAME] neck, a comeback insues.","neutral"
"Oh yeah...family chantel!","neutral"
"[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible","disgust"
"I told him to go away with his best friend to California, I am so appreciative!! ","gratitude"
"That's beautiful.","admiration"
"TIL I’m the only 34 year old that listens to rap music and everyone else listens to bands I’ve never heard of","neutral"
"I’m so sorry :/ always happens to the ones who deserve it the least. feel better♥️","caring"
"... that's inflatin' LAOP's frustration?","curiosity"
"I want [NAME] and [NAME] in Top 3 so I’m feeling the omens girl","desire"
"Uh, no. Not even remotely.","neutral"
"Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back. ","caring"
"I just got got and I like it","admiration"
"He is just the exception to the rule though.","neutral"
"You’re thinking agnosticism, atheism is a faith based position ","neutral"
"I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.","neutral"
"Why? That's not helping us win games.","neutral"
"Thanks, I appreciate that. It's about what I expected though. Sadly, I'm used to it.","gratitude"
"oooo, if that had gone in...so close Looked like [NAME] tipped it down instead of up.","remorse"
"Where else was he going to hang his sash up?","curiosity"
"Should've left it at this.","disappointment"
"Maybe stop being a safe place for terrorists and [NAME] and you won't get banned lololol You alt-right snowflakes sure don't understand Irony, huh?","optimism"
"Greetings from Singapore! Anyone looking to play, please come find us at our discord: ","gratitude"
"Is this in the US? 30k per year blows my mind, my tuition is like 9k ish a year+rent","curiosity"
"u/TheQTVain praying for your little fighter. Hope everything goes well and he comes out in good health. Stay strong and let [NAME] do his thing ❤️","optimism"
"If I start shoving food into my face as I enjoy everyone here, dis becomes a bery bery unhealthly situation. ","joy"
"She already is. The darling that WTA so badly needed with the talent to back","annoyance"
"He'll have to leave at some point. So might as well get him to a club where you don't have to despise him","neutral"
"I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!","admiration"
"My new favourite bromance","love"
"second this <3","neutral"
"[NAME] has only missed a couple games and WCJ hasn't missed any. Not sure how you rank their top 4.","confusion"
"Burn through ALL THE DATA","anger"
"Ohio is weird.","disapproval"
"This is going in the next update.","optimism"
"Didn't realize they were shipping the challenge coins with Israeli FAL rifles, that makes this whole thing even weirder.","disappointment"
"People say 'confidence is attractive' which is definitely true. That doesn't mean that being arrogant or pretending to be confident is attractive.","annoyance"
"> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!","approval"
"Same boat, sank pretty hard at the worst time.","sadness"
"Not bad iv'd tho","neutral"
">You're worth a lot more than that and there are so many other impressive and interesting things about you. What an outrageous lie.","excitement"
"Then she tries to just blow it out. Yup, that should work.","neutral"
"im in love with this comment","gratitude"
"Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.","confusion"
"I find that even when I wear a hat, I "look [RELIGION]" and get the same hate.","annoyance"
"These [NAME] names are really beautiful!!!","admiration"
"Try some other banks, maybe smaller ones, and good luck! Maybe get that deposit up a bit more, and borrow less.","neutral"
"Yep. When precedent is very right-wing ‘centrism’ is just “I fundamentally believe we shouldn’t move left any significant amount”","neutral"
"It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.","annoyance"
"it’s great","admiration"
"Shame our government can't progress as fast as the infrastructure.","disappointment"
"For a second I thought he was on shrooms","neutral"
">We had a bunch in the prequels (which also suck, please stop giving them too much credit salt miners). It's treason then. ","annoyance"
"It's become extraordinary, quite.","admiration"
"What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.","anger"
"Right, but we want to shit talk them directly. Not agree with other people shit talking them.","disapproval"
"Thank you. [NAME] killed it, earned his spot. Love my packers but sometimes people in this sub are ridiculous ","annoyance"
"Oh dear.","caring"
"your* and you're* btw","neutral"
"This made me lol, I don't want to sound racist but.... *goes completely ham with the racism*","amusement"
"It's a loooong story with some awkward weirdness haha","amusement"
"I read TFTFD periodically, too - - I wasn't sure if the Mods there would leave the post up or tell LAOP to post on r/AskHotel instead.","neutral"
"Not yet! But I waiting for a miracle any year now!!","surprise"
"If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.","excitement"
"I was talking about fMRI neurofeedback (sorry - left out that word):","neutral"
"Thanks for the advice man ! Have a great New Year’s Eve","gratitude"
"auto play really sucks but sex education was a really good show ngl I binged the whole thing in like two days.","neutral"
"If you really want a constant attack on yourself you gotta hit up r/TooMeIRLForMeIRL","neutral"
"there is a difference between being a good villain and being insufferable. He has passed that line a few too many times for my liking","love"
"See my other responses","neutral"
"The Melo FA is why I got a Twitter account I was an F5 machine that summer.","realization"
"lol, you dieded","amusement"
"Don't think so. Pretty sure i tried it on the MOG 12","approval"
"Hahaha. I see what you did there!","joy"
"Right, seafoam. High of 16c today! There are always nudists at the beach, it seems. Not many, but a few hardy ones!","neutral"
"That's a cute kitty :3","admiration"
"Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I don’t mess something up?","gratitude"
"One of my coworkers at my old job used to get a venti hot white mocha with 20 packets of sugar stirred in😷","approval"
"Ironically, everyone else (except a v small%) are thinking the same, try keeping this in mind next time.. enjoy your day","neutral"
">tries to insult [NAME] for wasting time in a stupid thread >is only other person in thread","neutral"
"Better ye, make some Pho and use lots of sriracha. Things will definitely get heated.","neutral"
"Better start believing in miracles then! LOL","amusement"
"when has one of those systems succeeded?","confusion"
"Fucking fuck! 2 (or more) sets of fucking socks in fucking sandals.","annoyance"
"Not for off from a quadruple double in the near future...","neutral"
"Ask him for as much help as you need though. Or anyone. You might be surprised as to how willing people are to lend help.","neutral"
"I now know what taking acid would feel like","realization"
"Does anybody else see strong parallels between power and freedom? Feel free to distinguish or correlate the two in a comment.","curiosity"
"[NAME] gets way too hyped around here","optimism"
"I mean people at YouTube with the ability to remove the kids channel This post was basically a poor quality rant about incompetence on the end of YouTube not the community","disappointment"
"Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.","fear"
"You have your opinion and I have mine why does that make only one of us a victim?","confusion"
"That was me a lot before I accepted myself as Trans","realization"
"People change their minds when trust is broken.","realization"
"Because deceptive practices are easier than producing actual arguments in favor of your position.","neutral"
"I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear","embarrassment"
"But how the— what the— wait, why would—fuck it, I’m out. ","neutral"
"This is amazing OP. Don't care if it's OC or not. This shit had me dying","anger"
"[NAME] was a [NAME]. He's on your people.","neutral"
"If you’re that disassociated with reality then it doesn’t matter","neutral"
"And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!","excitement"
"Haha! I was right :D.","joy"
"A mistake in the relationship? Or a mistake with the person I chose?","neutral"
"1. Use chicken thighs 2. Dryness doesn't matter with this much fat.","neutral"
"Which episode was this?","curiosity"
"I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.","neutral"
"I guess the top left forgot to read the part of history where their ideology failed many times, and killed many people","neutral"
"There is little attempt being made to protect native-born people from the negative effects of mass migration. If you think that is morally correct you are insane.","realization"
"Was not one of those players, still want to go back to the MW2 days. Totally would if I still had my PS3 :/","sadness"
"Don’t shove your “self control” in my face","neutral"
"Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!","love"
">Most FTFY","caring"
"In nNevada you get vested in retirement in 5 years. Stay in NV at least 5 years.","neutral"
"BLESS THIS WOMAN AND HER EVIL FAMILY","admiration"
"When your awkwardness only makes you even hotter.... I am not this kind of girl but look equally as awkward.","nervousness"
"That is fantastic.","excitement"
"You’re being bullied. Leave.","anger"
"What?","neutral"
"[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)","love"
"Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment","neutral"
"Crash. We should stop calling them "accidents" because they rarely are. Crash implies, as it should, blame. ","realization"
"Yes Will do thanks alot!!","gratitude"
"Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:","admiration"
"This is a great photoshop! On a related note... retire [NAME] Number and Maybe [NAME] number..... oh and also fire Garpax","admiration"
"I think they honestly don't realize they're self-contradictory. It's not your ordinary, everyday doublethink...","optimism"
"You good.","admiration"
"I would say there is a very good chance he did not buy these drugs at a pharmacy.","optimism"
"Dragon bender has even more negative value than [NAME] haha. But yeah, they’d need atlesst a 2nd for [NAME] crossover ","disapproval"
"thank you for your answer","gratitude"
"You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.","realization"
"That man had some hilarious lines/events","amusement"
"I just want the 24 best players...no more weird guidelines to keep deserving guys out","desire"
"Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.","disappointment"
"[NAME] has been waiting for this moment. People actually standing up for her in person to her father and evil stepmother.","excitement"
"I own literally no red shirts, would grey, tan, or purplish be okay?","neutral"
"I understand the confusion","neutral"
"Something extremely fishy is going on here with this story.","curiosity"
"thanks, just sold my house to go all in","gratitude"
"Not to be confused with the toughest guy in the streets of Harlem.","caring"
"I, too, can use patronizing terms of endearment with a perfect stranger on the Internet, cupcake ;)","neutral"
"At least I know that "Harvestmen" is still "Harvestmen' in Spanish","approval"
"hey uhhhh I love you","love"
"I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect that to be real","approval"
"This is the only viable way out of Brexit.","neutral"
"No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.","annoyance"
"Good. Can't wait for the lulz.","admiration"
"Not ruined. They'll be bonded back in place if they were permanent crowns. Source: I have 14 crowns. Don't recommend.","neutral"
"At least you weren’t talking to a [NAME]!","curiosity"
"Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his "watch this sick drift, yo" stunt.","anger"
"In the wild, it’s expected that something unexpected will always happen i guess ","optimism"
"The NHL has the best All-Star events. the 3v3 tournament is so fun to watch.","admiration"
"The least offensive example of anyone I've seen telling me to go fuck myself.","disgust"
"challenge him to a bout of fisticuffs.","neutral"
"> Update they would've never been arrested or charged if they weren't black. Epitome of the disgusting systemic racism in this country #UBERPOOLtoPrisonPipeline","neutral"
"Loved this book","admiration"
"Can anyone else feel that girls eyes slowly stealing your soul?","neutral"
"Yous offered the guy a contract and he rejected you. Probably couldn’t afford him lol","amusement"
"Exactly. Nothing but a burden at first, but our boy knows how to fight now.","neutral"
"He was 2 when our family adopted him. He's always been a gentle soul, and became even more so with age. ","approval"
"BUT GUIS I THOUGHT [NAME] WAS PRO GUN? This should put the final nail in anyone still foolish enough to think that.","optimism"
"Is that [NAME]?","neutral"
"on that real shit","surprise"
"[NAME] is in no way comparable to [NAME]. [NAME] is an imbecile.","realization"
"Hmm experiencing sex from each other’s point of view would be interesting 🤔","admiration"
"Toughest shit I’ve experienced never been in love like this before but a few beverages and some time I’ll be all good, thanks bro!","gratitude"
"Yes! These people are allowed to vote and drive and do other things that affect our lives!","approval"
"My target has lots of stuff. *This target had fortnite.*","neutral"
"It's going to hit all of us but there it is : no deal. It's high time to accept reality.","approval"
"Im about to order 1b-lsd today since thats all i can get here legaly and dont have underground conections to get real acid. I will keep that in mind :D","amusement"
"I've been in China for years. I love it. Great job, apartment and love my city. I've never had a single problem ","admiration"
"In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...","remorse"
"Are we still stuck on this?","annoyance"
"At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.","amusement"
"Haha penis.","neutral"
"Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.","embarrassment"
"As of right now, [NAME] is the better overall player.","admiration"
"really thought he'd hit a bird for the longest time.","neutral"
"I was so hopeful...","desire"
"That would be greatly appreciated.","admiration"
"End this relationship NOW. And please learn from it!!","anger"
"I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊","disapproval"
"So its not mum and dad then.","disapproval"
"The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:","joy"
"Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.","admiration"
"Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it ","joy"
"Livin life on the edge man","approval"
"That's awesome! It's good to have supportive people like that in your life and around you.","admiration"
"They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven. ","annoyance"
"The SATs are taken on weekends, it's a standardized test that's used for university applications and not a regular school thing.","approval"
"Yeah I was citing the wrong statistic here. Thanks for posting this.","disgust"
"Wonderful sculptures. Love the expression of the Scottish mythology behind them.","admiration"
"Ah I needed this!!","neutral"
"Yeah but everyone dies so that makes no sense lol.","optimism"
"Lol you're so close to getting it, dude. So close. ","amusement"
"I feel like its got to do with the bad desync in the game right now.","disappointment"
"EVERY POST YOU MAKE IS AMAZING THANKS MY MAN","admiration"
"> a nearly-neutered government Starving the beast rather than killing it.","neutral"
"I think he actually isn't feeling well tonight. He left practice early yesterday because he felt light headed, [NAME] still put him in.","neutral"
"No Mayo No Care.","annoyance"
"I have a book that outlines why [NAME] reject [NAME] on the grounds of prophesies. Maybe you could work off of those?","confusion"
"# SOMEONE GIVE THIS GOLD!!!!!!!!!!!! #","neutral"
"I DON'T BELIEVE, WHAT I JUST SAW","realization"
"SO FAR I couldn’t even listen to all of zombie bastards and ckth was mediocre","neutral"
"This is so Dope!!!","annoyance"
"Okay fine. Still though. Make some joke "maybe we should cuddle for warmth" and see how she responds. ","caring"
"I feel your pain. Sitting here wallowing in self pity and anger at how I let myself go!","anger"
"After this conversation, he never found the answer and every day was the same, day in, day out.","neutral"
"That was awesome!","admiration"
"What is normal? It should be tho....","neutral"
"Hang in there, we're here for you. I hope you get through this.","caring"
"“Bahahaha” Isn’t that a quote from the Raving Rabbids?","confusion"
"Oh that's so sad","disappointment"
"Not terribly many of those jumping fences in the UK I think. :P","annoyance"
"Yes! Bewildering. Thanks for posting. Really.","gratitude"
"Let's be real, he should have got the start anyways","neutral"
"SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL","disappointment"
"I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.","neutral"
"Thank you. I will look into the protein possibility.","gratitude"
"And what do you find in the mist in subnautica crystalized sulfur. So I believe this is definitely what they modeled the lost River after baddabang","curiosity"
"Wow really? I would think that UK bases would be the last place we'd have protests at.","surprise"
"A tree is useful today and 20 years ago, these people aren't.","annoyance"
"Gorguis jumper looks so clean when he has a minute to line it up","neutral"
"I didn’t even notice that one. I noticed the bottom right one","neutral"
"I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend","gratitude"
"Maybe [NAME] Paganism given the Viking Age, Did I already address Hellenism?","annoyance"
"Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm. ","relief"
"It's real enough sadly. Kin have been around for awhile in their own corners of the net.","neutral"
"70% tax rate is a terrible idea","fear"
"Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.","annoyance"
"*nods* I know an unfortunate reality. I was presuming that he isn't in a situation like that based on what he said though.","sadness"
"Jealousy is unbecoming","neutral"
"YouTube is also fantastic for this stuff too.","admiration"
"I could go, but honestly, it is the worst place on earth. I have 0 desire to do it.","desire"
"Idk why you got downvoted but heres an upvote","neutral"
"Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.","neutral"
"Yeah, but you should drive to the road conditions not the speed limit.","neutral"
"I think I can agree with you here, I kinda forgot about the military.","approval"
"i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.","love"
"Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.","admiration"
"[NAME] is worse but biden gropes women and little girls","disgust"
"Definitely. I cried. A lot. But if [NAME] existence has taught me anything, it’s to hold out hope! ","optimism"
"This guy used to be so good. I looked forward to his comics every week. Now, I couldn't care less about him. Complete economic illiterate.","disappointment"
"She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells","embarrassment"
"I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer","disappointment"
"Is anyone else really sad about how much plastic surgery she's had? I guess [NAME] self esteem issues werent that much of an act","neutral"
"It does make sense... I've always had a hard time opening up and I'm worried that that's what's really been holding me back ultimately","optimism"
"I see... that's a shame, but I guess we're comrades until it comes time for the 8th revolution or so","disappointment"
"Just do it!","annoyance"
"Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.","disapproval"
"That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.","joy"
"Then am I correct in assuming that you categorically oppose the ridicule of all public figures in society for the same reason?","anger"
"Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard","caring"
"Actually pretty surprised that they made it fit as well as this.","surprise"
"I used to live there (Hell) and I had this religious/fundy coworker who used to love to point out that "DARWIN Road leads to HELL!" ","neutral"
"Hahaha for real..","amusement"
"Could you explain please? I understand each word, but not the sentence.","confusion"
"I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!","caring"
"I may be wrong but I think cows are stronger than horses, or at least made to be ","neutral"
"Holy crap. I need to listen to that speech in full on my commute home then.","neutral"
"So word is we have eyes on [NAME]... I would be pretty amped to see him with a Jet on his shirt.","excitement"
"> DJT to realize I’m not sure this is even a thing that happens.","confusion"
"Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.","gratitude"
"Do you not see the blatant hypocrisy of this post?","neutral"
"I will downvote the hell out of any news article promoting ponzi schemes.","annoyance"
"keep tha hard work man, we (artifact community) are lucky to have you supporting the game.","optimism"
"try to attract the guy that i like. other than that i love gaming drawing writing and watching tv.","love"
"If your 2 year old son is consciously and deliberately manipulating you then you should take him to get his IQ checked.","neutral"
"[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.","anger"
"Some dank shit DEFINITELY happened at the Ritz back in the day.","realization"
"I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part","neutral"
"Kill em with kindness, as they say","anger"
">Shes completely self-made too :) Now I'm imagining her as some sort of entity that brings its own existence about","optimism"
"because [NAME] is already signed in on their device and you dont remember their password and really want to see what happens next season","neutral"
"This is what makes this sub so valuable, crazy and fun.","joy"
"Isn’t SOHR group of people(organisation)? lol dont tell me its just one guy.","curiosity"
"Or more aptly "OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck" As you see me run away.","anger"
"I am asking for a reason not saying they are underused","neutral"
"I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.","optimism"
"They said [NAME] was the strongest candidate too... look at what happened there...","neutral"
"Daaaaannnnnggggg!!!! I'm gonna watch your episode. I don't think I've seen it","neutral"
"That’s a terrible amount of bp for 11 kills","fear"
"Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh","sadness"
"Yes I’m in a 2 bedroom now with a lot more space and yes they live in Virginia but they live in the Hampton roads area","approval"
"Other source?","neutral"
"Uh, I have no idea.","disapproval"
"“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012. ","caring"
"Wow you’re cool","joy"
"They do sound kinda not worth it then. At least large ones don't sound worth it. You have my sympathy.","neutral"
"Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.","gratitude"
"Dude. This is exactly what happened to me. I hope you’re doing well. Hang in there.","annoyance"
"Oh sorry, do you live in downtown Toronto?","neutral"
"Thank you 👍","gratitude"
"Man, what a very tolerant person he is.","neutral"
"Let’s go [NAME]!!","neutral"
"Be true to yourself. Your the only one who will be","approval"
"No audio here either (Reddit mobile app)","neutral"
"Or better yet, on the woman who will let ME play with them!","neutral"
"I like it better this way!","admiration"
"Seconded. OP, PLEASE CONTINUE THIS STORY! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 And also maybe give an insight as to how this couple ended up with a devil child...thing...","approval"
"Bet they're like 12 lol","amusement"
"giving great [NAME] vibes","joy"
"I'm glad for that. Once that check comes in, I only have about $3000 to work with.","joy"
"Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].","sadness"
"Beans, yo! I used to hate them but now I sometimes just eat a can of beans for a meal. They are hella filling too.","annoyance"
"Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.","love"
"Yay! Smug buddies!","excitement"
"It's a shame he didn't trust you enough to believe you, but instead believed his own assessment of what he was worth.","neutral"
"Accidentally clip through a bathroom wall, get slapped","neutral"
"Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. ","love"
"Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!","admiration"
"I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.","disapproval"
"Honestly could be faster to just install ublock real quick.","neutral"
"He's been pretty open about their very legal and very cool bromance","approval"
"This is a 10/10 on concept alone. I can't wait to see if it's any good.","disapproval"
"Aww that makes my day too <3","joy"
"Not really cringey. Its not really embarrassing for you i think people might just feel bad upon reading it.","neutral"
"Well they do say they love kids just helping create more","caring"
"Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.","remorse"
"LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking. ","joy"
"Ill try my best. I can atleast try and looksmatch at 5'6. AlphaM is 5'6.","optimism"
"With [NAME] and [NAME] back, and [NAME] waiting in the wings, would you still want an EDGE in round 1?","neutral"
"They already tried and failed in Canada.","disappointment"
"I’ll see you there. I laughed out loud at this one too. RIP.","amusement"
"Burnout takedown. Then when trying to recover in the weekend, a nice chunk of self condemnation.","disapproval"
"it only flatters them when they’re posed a certain way. but other than that, it looks awful and uncomfortable","disgust"
"We like what we like.","love"
"Yeah that zip code is like right by where I work... now I’m curious lol","curiosity"
"This is all METH-up!!","neutral"
"I was homeless for almost 2 years, so it's something I feel very connected to. Not a circle jerk for me.","caring"
"I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.","excitement"
"Good idea, but unfortunately not running on the weekend. ","admiration"
"Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy","amusement"
"[NAME] that poor man just cut em off","anger"
"[NAME] was dork anyway. Be happy he ain't our hero.","caring"
"Didt know he was a point guard and should have 7 assists a game .","surprise"
"Not to mention the fact, that he's casually smoking a cigarette 3 inches away from an infant.","anger"
"Stupid theory!","approval"
"I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps. ","annoyance"
"She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so","admiration"
"Are you sure it wasn't just the six o'clock news? Its getting difficult to tell the difference these days.","confusion"
"overrated, change my mind.","admiration"
"They apologized for that episode.","neutral"
"So sounds like she was raped, and she seriously needs to press charges, this bartender needs to be raped in prison big time.","annoyance"
"This is from the Crystal Lake Rib House in Illinois if anyone was curious.","curiosity"
"Don't think we should be stomping all over people's bodily autonomy just so public health authorities can declare victory.","realization"
"All the more reason for us to trade down for oline.","neutral"
"Go for it! It may be a great thing.","gratitude"
"Just file and have her served, she'll get the message. You've tried to talk with her but she's being difficult. ","neutral"
"The way she caresses that heart though....","neutral"
"Given my grandpaernts survived the holocaust and told us everything, we have a horrible yet interesting family humour. ","fear"
"37?? He looks 47. Hard life...drugs and alcohol.","realization"
"Good to hear - I am glad you at least have that choice.","joy"
"I'm glad people with such foresight are the first to find this place unaffordable. Good riddance.","admiration"
"Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;","optimism"
"My 1 year old ate TWENTY TWO broccoli tots for lunch. And he still wanted a cookie afterwards. Like...what?!","surprise"
"Don't make me kiss you!","love"
"where is this link on the sidebar? I can't seem to find it for a reason. I only see "rules" and "moderators".","neutral"
"This guy gets it...","approval"
"Is it weird that I read this with Papa [NAME] voice","annoyance"
"So many enablers!","neutral"
"Now all I’m imaging is [NAME] casted in the American pie movies as [NAME]. Thank you for this memory.","gratitude"
"Found my flair.","joy"
"Hey, [NAME]. You still with the mafia?","neutral"
"They brown as they get older clear means nice and fresh","admiration"
"[NAME] my God. That was the best free throw shooting ive ever seen.","admiration"
"I think all of our assets will end up in India to a dead guy!","approval"
"I admit I’ll be fairly happy if we continue to invest in young internationals and sign a $100+ mil free agent every offseason.","approval"
"i feel like they are hateful towards everyone but that might be me not understanding their community","anger"
"It’s cheaper to track her phone.","realization"
"Oh my gosh, my Dodger blue heart goes out to yours and your family. I am so sorry.","sadness"
"I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it","annoyance"
"You can replace the ram / SSD now on the new Razer blade 15 but ya razer sucks.","neutral"
"& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for "oppressing people"","neutral"
"Looks like something translated from Irish to English using google.","neutral"
"Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.","remorse"
">the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.","sadness"
"Hey it's [NAME]!","neutral"
"Clapping ~~for~~ at me. FTFY","admiration"
"omfg my two favorite shows","joy"
"Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person","approval"
"it was amazing","admiration"
"He's basically telling the Lakers to come and get him","desire"
"It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now","optimism"
"Ooooooooh. Yeah I did not get that. Makes sense, thanks ","gratitude"
"You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.","annoyance"
"Great setup.","admiration"
"Doing [NAME] work.","admiration"
"Ah, thought they made another FA character cannon for a minute. I'd like to see [NAME] come back (with a bit of a nerf:)","realization"
"So cute!","admiration"
"I love [NAME] can’t wait for the full circle version of him","love"
"Yeah but being president is the only thing keeping him from being indicted so he’s kinda stuck.","neutral"
"Everything purdue throws up goes in. Frustrating. Need to find a way to get stops or this ones over at halftime","disgust"
"Because the content creators don't deserve to be paid, your seconds spent listening to ads are too valuable!","disapproval"
"See? Your mind is great! You think like [NAME]. And that's pretty cool. He's a dang genious. :)","admiration"
"Did you even read the discord logs?","disapproval"
"I ate my mommy and daddy","neutral"
"Was originally going to title this "BIG CHUNGUS", but it got dinged for being too short.","neutral"
"Y'all ever try to ride a scooter with one hand before? Shit was dangerous.","disgust"
"I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.","disappointment"
"I thought it was fairly common parents didn't let their young girls alone with boys or vice versa even though kids will do what they want.","realization"
"I used to delude myself mine had dreamy eyes. Now I know it was the weed...","disapproval"
"[NAME]? You can't walk by without squishing his cheeks!","annoyance"
"I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?","neutral"
"Happy Birthday! ✨","love"
"Yeah but then C diff turns into the hulk and then we’re REALLY screwed","neutral"
"Pls provide a timestamp to their antimigration chants and bravado lol","desire"
""And then you divorce them and date your stepsister."","optimism"
"Whoa, watch out everyone, Mr. Moneybags over here with 20 pairs of smart wool ","excitement"
">...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!","admiration"
"And the dude dropped his phone between those slots... ouch!","neutral"
"i just came to make sure she was safe cause she said her parents gone. It can be dangerous ya know..","caring"
"You cant love this girl if she already has a GF whom she sounds like she loves. You'll just ruin a relationship","caring"
"Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that ","approval"
"Lol, it seems like your projecting your own problems on me","neutral"
"I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!","desire"
"Oh [NAME] I forgot all about this site for good reason","approval"
"I’m in a similar situation, but mine is my spanish teacher she favorites the boys, and she really just hates me","annoyance"
"[NAME] IS ABOUT TO BLOW THIS GAME UP! Edit: wow thanks for the silver","gratitude"
"It got completely banned I think, saw a post about it a while back in r/gore.","disapproval"
"I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft","optimism"
"Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit","admiration"
"I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts","confusion"
"yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations","approval"
"...oh absolutely! ...it's really bad if they're having a mania episode...","excitement"
"Haha, this is hilarious.","amusement"
"Well, to them that probably was the polite term! That's funny though lol","admiration"
"They wanted me to talk directly to them but I've been refusing. I hope our relationship improves quickly. I really do. Thanks","neutral"
"I met him! He graduated from my high school and came back when I was a freshman to talk to us in PE. Really nice guy.","admiration"
"Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?","anger"
"what a shame that online sellers have made malls obsolete","disgust"
"Laziest team I've ever seen.","disappointment"
">who can shoot a gun accurately I too can pull shit out of my ass","neutral"
"Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...","disgust"
"Same. I unfollowed the cast and the fan pages. I can’t anymore lol","neutral"
"I love the Justice Democrats so much","love"
"What can you expect from guys who think everything based on sex and romance is solely based on a person’s looks and not at all their personality?","remorse"
"I unironically approve of this message. It is time for the French Revolution to end.","approval"
"Your comment reminded me of this","neutral"
"My crypto was pending when the site went dark. We'll see I guess but I've kissed that money goodbye in my head.","neutral"
"Omg. I hope she is ok! Poor [NAME].","sadness"
"There is insurance for stuff like that too, so maybe not always","optimism"
"Thank you! :O","gratitude"
"You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation","admiration"
"[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.","approval"
"Not sure how kittens “lol” but I’ll take your word for it.","approval"
"When I see a Lynx, even if far away, oh trust me I'll go to that cat and focus only him before anything else","approval"
"The entire generations thing needs to die. What are they useful for? Feeding the ego of some dumbass on the internet?","neutral"
"So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.","anger"
"Considering the whining he did in our modmail, he may not realize this.","disappointment"
"I don't think any [RELIGION] woman would care about such a thing. If they did then they have their own problems.","disappointment"
"See my other responses","annoyance"
"All the ladies can stay at my place.","neutral"
"When you look back at your picks and realize you’re laying pretty much entirely chalk Tenn -8 Bowling Green -4 Akron -1 NC STATE -1.5 Duke -21 MSU This should go well lol","amusement"
"About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.","caring"
"I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun. ","desire"
"Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.","desire"
"All I want to do is stuff my face with pizza but when you cut you gotta commit","confusion"
"That might be the first accurate thing you’ve said today! (You’re merely a couple of decades late.)","approval"
"I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.","annoyance"
"He likes an old song and is young DISGUSTING","disgust"
"You’re welcome","neutral"
"Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.","neutral"
"Not sure if /s but he's referring to the Jericho siren on the stuka","confusion"
"Whats trashy about her? She seems pretty well put together and untrashy to me. Everybody likes to put on a slutty dress and party every now and then","caring"
"my favourite singer ([NAME]) helped write one of the songs so i love it","optimism"
"I still like to think the combination of alums not donating and the TA strike caused them to reverse their decision on SS.","desire"
"So close to that dudes nether bits. Perfect","approval"
"Surely a regime that would kill millions of people wouldn't *dare* tell a lie.","neutral"
"I'm floored by their solution for "landing" the drones. It's so brilliant. I love this channel!","love"
"You need HELP!","caring"
"Do i just need to watch just 'some' or all of them, oh and what about his books? I gotta buy them too right?","curiosity"
"I'm not sure how to post a picture lol. Here's my attempt.","amusement"
"Deadly strike is also spammable with not costing brew and guaranteed damage. Personal preference bud, do the math","neutral"
"I didn't think it was that bad ><","disgust"
"I gathered that part from the Boulder Barnes and Noble part. Was just curious if we were ever in the same ward.","curiosity"
"Sigh. Maybe one day folks will see the system for what it is.","neutral"
"Haven't listened to today's podcast yet, who did [NAME] kill?","curiosity"
"[NAME] represent!","neutral"
"allegedly it from when he was underage. So maybe let's not do that.","neutral"
"my favourite singer ([NAME]) helped write one of the songs so i love it","joy"
"This is actually kinda funny","amusement"
"I would have thought this sub would be encouraging of religions and religious followers shifting their views into the 21st century.","curiosity"
"This is not a good relationship. It doesn't seem like she is ever good to you, only manipulative.","annoyance"
"LOL how can anyone trust you when you pretend that you voted for [NAME] when your clearly racist against blacks. Your user name is strictly a lie.","disgust"
"Oh god. The pages are still Packers though, right?!","annoyance"
"Playing pig so you can tbag survivors.","neutral"
"If yoire voluntarily going to one I would argue that all those "side effects" i guess you would call them are already in your life.","optimism"
"You're not my STBXH hehe. He doesn't type like you.","amusement"
"Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.","disappointment"
"They typically go bad before use. I can buy a plastic banana!","annoyance"
"Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.","disappointment"
"It doesn't go to neutral. Every throw break leaves the characters at a different frame advantage/disadvantage.","neutral"
"I know the feeling.","neutral"
"No, it's just that OP made that part up. The article didn't say anything about femenists.","disapproval"
"The moment when he turns around and realizes it’s a guy is the point where you have to double down. Assert dominance. Kiss him.","realization"
"Was it a promo for the cross overs?","curiosity"
"[NAME] hated religions, [NAME] was [RELIGION].","neutral"
"The real comedycemetery is people still posting this joke for the hundredth time","annoyance"
"That was honestly my first thought I’m so glad someone else went there too","approval"
"You have been rewarded my friend.","approval"
"> Corporate Media I like this one.","love"
"I feel like the last two seasons made me detach from the show.","disappointment"
"As far as I know, it's still bugged, so just reroll it","realization"
"We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.","disapproval"
"Sucks when people misunderstand philosophy right","annoyance"
"Pharmacy residencies started that in 2017 and honestly it makes the process so much better for both candidates and applicants.","approval"
"What about the hipster couple? Were you able to get their lawn on track?","curiosity"
"What an effort! Lets Go Pens!","admiration"
"Grew up watching avatar and [NAME] is one of my favorite video game protagonists, especially when RDR2 came out. ","neutral"
"I can’t even hear what they are saying.","neutral"
"Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”","approval"
"I legit wish you never talked to me","annoyance"
"This whole ordeal seems entirely pointless, but i don't want to turn away in case i miss some drama","disapproval"
"I will still shag her u fooking poof. gave im a rite fockin japester innit well u won't be having erection next few days.","neutral"
"Amazing. The perfect words for it","admiration"
"thanks for your help, it looks like i'm just gonna have to use the ole noggin for this project","gratitude"
""Better my child on death row than lawtistic!"","neutral"
"I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room","fear"
"I love [NAME] comedy. I hope she makes another show.","admiration"
"It would probably make inequality between countries worse though over a long term.","neutral"
"This is great","admiration"
"And that's why I prefer archive links instead of directly linking to a reddit post.","neutral"
"I guess learning French in school helped me for once","realization"
"Sorry to hear that, brother. Why do you feel more lonely now compared to usual?","disappointment"
"Yeah, it’s not exactly rocket-propelled hot wheels cars playing soccer, but eh, I’m down.","approval"
"Sadistic, but not smart unfortunately. ","disgust"
"Wait what power is this?!?","surprise"
"Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.","admiration"
"Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description","neutral"
"don’t you do it!!","annoyance"
"this is not bad","approval"
"Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.","neutral"
"Wow! That takes guts! I’m so squeamish that I can hardly stand getting a shot 😂","admiration"
"Waiting until Saturday or you test the method on someone sick.","neutral"
"If he can't cut his pubes he'll burn it","neutral"
"Thank you SO much! This is so genuine and so helpful. Thank you so much for your time and your thoughts.","admiration"
"Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.","surprise"
"Rose coloured glasses get rosier as time goes by :) You'll move on eventually. Treasure the memory but be present in your current and future relationships.","desire"
"I love [NAME] so much, but honestly it's great news that they refused to go back to that system. Hoping for [NAME].","admiration"
"Must've took a pic of [NAME] to the barber's","neutral"
"For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win","desire"
"When I first saw the title I thought someone was asking for you to become pregnant with their baby","optimism"
"Good luck buddy!","joy"
"Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad","neutral"
"Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.","confusion"
"Dude was using his power and leadership to exploit women. This is gross.","neutral"
"Wow. This I definitely needed, I'm glad I stumbled onto your comment. Helped in a major way, thanks. ","admiration"
"Well I get annoyed when they dont, because I'm always the one to answer within 30 seconds.","annoyance"
"Sorry misunderstood you! I’m talking about viruses and bacteria that can kill you like the flu etc","embarrassment"
"Mate, you’re a [NAME]. If it wasn’t for us you wouldn’t even exist. ","realization"
"Yeah I know u irl you look like ur 36.","neutral"
"I had my car window smashed and there wasn't anything in the car and nothing was taken. They don't care.","neutral"
"Well this has been interesting","neutral"
"Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D","admiration"
"I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️","desire"
"I’m surprised they arnt argonians","surprise"
"I agree a congressional library of excuses already. fella should try to hit the trim asap and get over her asap","neutral"
"u/pronouncedbooty Thank you for the advice, but IDK how I feel anout those foreign substances entering my body","gratitude"
"We're not a cult, so long as he apologizes and sees the fault in his actions, I see no reason to ban him.","neutral"
"Because all those delusional people be doing the same shit in their real life.","embarrassment"
"I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them","caring"
"How could you ever get bored of place that is getting more and more enjoyable as you are there","joy"
"Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...","disapproval"
"Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.","disappointment"
"In our military at the time you could pay out at any point. They really only wanted people who wanted to be there.","neutral"
"Cut the guy off and gave him a yes-no question. Which he exasperatedly answered. This is not the way to listen.","neutral"
"Happy cake day :)","joy"
"Slowing down does not equal stopping, the answer to stopping this is at a government level, not praying that corporations want to leave possible profits alone.","neutral"
"Nice try Gillette","admiration"
"Nah. Enjoy your free food","joy"
"I commented like 5 mins b4 you lmao","neutral"
"This brings a smile to my face","joy"
"We have Medicare Medicaid and Obamacare","neutral"
"oh my [NAME]","surprise"
"Wow, automated can collection is news in 2019? Literally have done this for a decade minimum...","neutral"
"Nah, I don’t care what these people think. As soon as I’m nauseous, I leave","anger"
"The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.","fear"
"I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult","pride"
"Great. I guess they learned from previous shutdowns.","neutral"
"Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him ","optimism"
"Sounds like some people could just be a bit confused and maybe not been to a drive thru before","realization"
"I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.","desire"
"yeah u can have them both!","neutral"
"Why not hit him up, maybe you can eat some chicken fingers (the good kind, 8 bucks) and then go bang behind the muffler shop","neutral"
"May is like a bad smell you can’t get rid of","annoyance"
"Homing pigeons make the best SOs","admiration"
"Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(","sadness"
"Why do you think he's right? What reason would a nonprofit newsroom have for publishing sensationalist headlines?","confusion"
"Lol this is so true [NAME] thanks for sharing","amusement"
"BRISCOE WITH THE DIME AGAIN","neutral"
"I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.","fear"
"You just made my point, you obnoxious whining kid","disappointment"
"Am I getting old or is that just really dumb?","confusion"
"I stand by my point: why do you care what he does now.","confusion"
"yeah what happened in this comment section... Hope these people are ok. TDS is very serious and real.","optimism"
"Did you play Origins? I absolutely loved it, I’ve had reservations on getting Odyssey and I missed the sale on Xbox.","confusion"
"Thanks, I hate it","anger"
"Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.","anger"
"So? Sometimes it feels good to be petty, especially when it comes to an ex","optimism"
"Do you find PnP or Checkers have better fruit and veg?","annoyance"
"Having that thought kind of makes you an asshole","annoyance"
"Everyone loved the Snacks trade.","joy"
"Dual income and continuous monogamous sex. If the sex stops before 60 I'm out, I'm not going to be one of those /r/deadbedrooms losers.","neutral"
"Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong ","approval"
"What a great photo and you two look so happy. 😍","admiration"
"Yeah I was waiting for him to coming at the end with "Why don't you just let us do it?" I would.","approval"
"Ask her out for date 2, see what happens. Sounds like a fun spontaneous night. ","excitement"
"Keep asking. Mine turned around eventually.","neutral"
"bcash is not bitcoin. its a fork if bitcoin, and you brought up [NAME] yourself which is pretty odd considering you think of him as a distraction.","neutral"
"That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.","neutral"
"Oh it is, it's just that you know that thing...about the intel","realization"
"What if I went around with a bat and stalked down every socialist I could find? Socialism killed more innocent [NAME] then [NAME], remember? ","sadness"
"Yes. His name is [NAME]. He was good friends with [NAME] and used to make YouTube videos with [NAME], another rapper.","neutral"
">it seems everyone is doing that now and I hate being One Of Those Women™. Wait- can you unpack this a little for me?","annoyance"
"Flattened odds make it not matter nearly as much","neutral"
"Population control in russia","neutral"
"TIL the Recession, Great Depression, Colonialism, War on Drugs etc. were created by socialists. ","neutral"
"Which part of what I wrote sounds like a baseless claim? Could you clarify me, please?","nervousness"
"old [?] people love their bags.","love"
"“Not a word you need to learn, honey” Cringiest part of the whole episode.","annoyance"
"Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only","sadness"
">captain [NAME] Wow, great nickname. Do you and the president swap notes on this?","realization"
"[NAME] living in y’all heads rent free lol. It’s kinda sad ngl. EDIT: Thanks for proving my point, guys 😘😘😘","gratitude"
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the "I drive better while high"","annoyance"
"That last sentence pains me","sadness"
"Moderate [NAME] votes the wrong way against the sanctions bill.","neutral"
"Ive got these too, any tips on how to remove/make them less obvious?","curiosity"
"Dang. A LPT!","surprise"
"[NAME] save us","neutral"
"Not at all. I'm not going to argue with someone who doesn't understand what a strawman is.","disapproval"
"Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.","remorse"
"The emojis in the background. Wtf lmao","anger"
"What if she’s also the franchise owner who likes to get to know her customers better?","love"
"I’m surprised I had to scroll this far down","neutral"
"> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.","realization"
"One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy","joy"
"It's the number it came from","neutral"
"GET MORE GOALS FUCK [NAME]","neutral"
"It looks like you might have some sand in your angina.","confusion"
"So your dad abused you because of your mum and you still keep in contact with him","annoyance"
"yeah, you're trying to twist things to fit your narrative.","gratitude"
"something something thats how we do it in philly","neutral"
"It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.","anger"
"Who's cutting onions?!","curiosity"
"I can't do it anymore today, I'm out. ","disappointment"
"Can someone give the non-paywall link? I know there's a way but I can't remember it.","neutral"
"> This is just a waste of time. Just like making portland denizens use their tax dollars to built a stadium","disappointment"
"Genetics is Everything","admiration"
"As far as I'm concerned, [NAME] run for the WH ended with this twisted ankle.","caring"
"That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... "Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."","realization"
"Same. You all tried to save me, but I rewatched with the sound on and... I have regrets.","neutral"
"4 x zero traction is still zero traction.","approval"
"Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one. ","annoyance"
"This is wack","neutral"
"I would think preschoolers would be better at shitting than with sharing","amusement"
"It could indeed apply to many gods from many different creations myths...which is his point. Everyone knows!","realization"
"I agree that you need more time in the later turns. But most games it feels like people wait until it is their turn to start thinking.","approval"
"Good, I was hoping I wasn't putting false words in your mouth.","approval"
"Thank you so much . I'm really really really nervous.. I just want to cry.","gratitude"
"Just slash his tires when there are no witnesses","neutral"
"I don’t get it. We should just trade our bad players for other teams good players. Smfh /[NAME]","neutral"
"This is the truth they don't want us knowing!","neutral"
"I did this for Christmas to coming home. Somewhere in Illinois I said to myself "fuck this Im flying next time and renting a car."","realization"
"Oh boy here we go.","neutral"
"Thank you. Man I wanted to throw this fact in someones face for goodnesssake","gratitude"
"There is another trash article from slate on there now, And it looks like they are posting more edited few-second long clips. They are obsessed with destroying them.","neutral"
"You’re very right, I’m relieved I was free of this man before anything else happened. Thank [NAME]! And thanks for your kind words ","approval"
"/u/allegedlynerdy is referring to China not Russia, as obviously Russia is not “religion free,” but atheist China is still very homophobic.","approval"
"Lol, thank you!","amusement"
"Tfw when not only is it tiny, but it’s damn ugly too. :( ","disgust"
"I am well aware of how immature and inconsiderate men are capable of being, but thanks for the reminder. Baby.","gratitude"
"Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!","admiration"
"Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.","annoyance"
"Good luck. :)","optimism"
"It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.","joy"
"What the hell did you just type?","annoyance"
"Shouldn't be getting downvoted that's exactly what I thought the motive was","neutral"
"The Dude looks great. I always get worried when I see [NAME] play these haggard characters. But he's just that good.","admiration"
"[NAME] I hate my hometown","anger"
"You still haven't shown any evidence of racism outside your own mind.","annoyance"
"Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.","remorse"
"Ok, I have to see this thing now.","neutral"
"I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.","embarrassment"
"Yep. Let him know. Weird awkward NOPE is better done online than in person","embarrassment"
"This is a great idea. I'd even figure out where my printer ended up after I moved and set it up for this.","admiration"
"There are a few high cost players that will likely be leaving this year. This team could easily afford [NAME].","realization"
"No surprise that the game series is gaining traction!","admiration"
">This erotic art from a borderline fan. FTFY","neutral"
"That would be me lol; glad it made you laugh","approval"
"Probably end of February and all of March before release. I think that's what they did last year","neutral"
"Hes been amazing, so good I've pondered about playing a 442 with [NAME] and him in the middle","admiration"
"I didn't mean to imply you did! I just know that's a mistake I've seen a lot of people make, is all","neutral"
"It's when you rock back and forth like an autist or do other repetitive movements because it feels natural to do so.","approval"
"False. Drop bears.","disapproval"
"Get a body pillow made of yourself and give it to her as a present when she misses you she can just hug the pillow","love"
"I'll happily answer this question if you provide a social norm to discuss. I really loath philosophical round-a-bouts on reddit.","joy"
"Yeah it looks like it","realization"
"Yes I do, I even tried a brand new pod as well and nothing","approval"
">"ad" nauseum I see what you did there.","neutral"
"I haven't been much on this sub recently. Is this a common theme?? If so that's just freaky.","curiosity"
"Here is the original post","approval"
"Lakers running an awful lineup and [NAME] was too dumb to change it after the timeout. Thibs levels of Stubbornness","neutral"
"30 people is big for you...? Dang im middle eastern and it's over 500 guests each time..","neutral"
"I agree and I’m a man haha","amusement"
"The hammer eh, interesting.","excitement"
"[NAME] has lost it and I'm loving it!","love"
"Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back. ","neutral"
"I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.","excitement"
"Clear your notifications, good [NAME]!!","approval"
"Problem is fornite kids are playing fortnite.","neutral"
"When you can see the redzone interception coming 5 seconds before it was thrown.","neutral"
"If this is serious mate it’s not the kind of shit you should be posting on reddit","anger"
"[NAME] is also very creative with the puck, I'm mostly liking the new guys so far.","admiration"
"I got used to it with Voltron, but I still yet to watch the last season.","approval"
"Lmao your posts are always good for an eye roll","admiration"
"Yes, In the edit, after I already made my comment. ","approval"
"I will pray that she (or whoever may be pressuring her into making this decision) will have a change of heart and spare the baby's life.","desire"
"I'm just glad everything came out okay.","approval"
"It is the only comment.","approval"
"Omg I forgot which is good 🤮. This almost topped the steak in the butt cheeks. Almost ☝️","disappointment"
""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!" I can imagine.","optimism"
"This should be of interest to you. -","joy"
"Thank you for fading","gratitude"
"Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.","surprise"
"Really hoping this is a smokescreen and we just go BPA then take Fromm next year","optimism"
"And the healthy snacks are on their way!","approval"
"I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.","disappointment"
"I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.","love"
"I was so distracted by a her piercings, I almost missed her *eye*....","approval"
"It is liver toxic but this was given in a hospital. Liver toxicity usually results from taking too much to often.","neutral"
"Yeah, I always get about 6 episodes deep and then start hate-watching just to see if they ever actually fall in love.","anger"
"That's not what diffusion is at all smh","disapproval"
"Do you read any of the content on this sub? Lol. Because it contains very specific detailed critiques and concerns that you're conveniently ignoring...","annoyance"
"I dont understand this personality thing? Most guys aren't that interesting but they will still end up with a girl.","confusion"
"I didn't read the entire article. That's great. Thanks for letting me know. Peace and happy 2019","gratitude"
"Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?","surprise"
"i love it but i hate everything around it. I want to theorycraft a deck with all the cards i want without having to spend money.","anger"
"Part cat? Haha his front paws look like cat paws. Such a fluffy boy.","admiration"
"That's what I came here for, thanks","gratitude"
"I'll miss [NAME]","sadness"
"Dang. Wash that thing out with some soap.","neutral"
"Imma say this didn’t happen","neutral"
"Apparently the Dodgers are still in the running for Realmuto.","neutral"
"This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.","disappointment"
"Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.","approval"
"What prompted you to change? Just curious. She does have a tinge of perfectionism.","curiosity"
"Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.","disappointment"
"Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude","admiration"
"No, I have been avoiding doing anything until it's actually fixed because I don't want to give them any reason to drag their feet.","disapproval"
"This is hilarious. Great work🤣","amusement"
"How is the JC-01 with juul pods. I've heard mixed reviews.","curiosity"
"It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America. ","anger"
"Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes","amusement"
"[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho","admiration"
"Get the hell out of here with that fiscal sensibility and care for other human beings!","disapproval"
"No, that's my radar detector.","disapproval"
"To be fair you haev to have a very high iq to understand this meme","admiration"
"Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.","fear"
"[NAME]. Go on Chapo.","neutral"
"Yeah I tried it the best was just 100% scale.","admiration"
"Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.","caring"
"I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels","neutral"
"How dare you not find domestic abuse funny! /s","amusement"
"Same, but [NAME] is one of my favorite champs, so beong useless hit me extra hard.","disgust"
"Don’t regret the time, had it been sooner you might be absent a kid or three! ","approval"
"I would literally rather have the government throw $3k into a shredder than fund this shithead’s trip down south","anger"
"You've described my parents who have been happily married for 36 years. You are good dude.","admiration"
"I came to say this. Lebanon is on there twice, too.","neutral"
"If you're going to troll us, at least put a little effort into it. ","optimism"
"This team is so untalented.","neutral"
"Yea. From my estimation I have about 5 years before I should just pack it up completely.","neutral"
"Dude has come up big in big situations time after time. To doubt his talent and clutch ness is dumb.","annoyance"
"One of he most useful things I’ve read on this site as a medical student. Thank you very much.","approval"
"This is exactly what I told him. I went the fuck off. Lol","approval"
"But it's especially tough when its state-owned oil. A lot of Scandinavian countries had hiccups.","approval"
"Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.","relief"
"No, he's fine. It doesnt compact","disapproval"
"I don’t think anyone would be offended by calling a group guys. But idk","neutral"
"Thanks for the input! I definitely want to check that out it looks beautiful Do you think a puffer jacket is necessary?","gratitude"
"I love that both replies to you are correct. It can be hard to tell cars apart. But also she probably wasn't paying attention.","love"
"Lol you're so close to getting it, dude. So close. ","amusement"
"Exactly.US has the 2nd highest carbon emmisions in the world","neutral"
"You’re welcome, glad to help!","gratitude"
"Cuck you're implying I'm vulnerable and submissive??! Hahhhaaaaaaa. You're the cuck here, the young incel loser","amusement"
"Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his "watch this sick drift, yo" stunt.","nervousness"
"Fair enough. But remember, the sooner you spawn, the sooner you'll have that sweet free labour around the house ","optimism"
"Convoys were the safest way to get cargo ships across oceans, so that would be yes.","desire"
"oh my [NAME]","surprise"
"Lol so you're too stupid to know how to argue, and stupid enough to actually use "lol" in a post?","amusement"
"No email. Besides Instacart emails go to my junk email so I probably would have missed it anyways","neutral"
"Hm... I can't help you then. I always go cold-turkey from any addiction I decide to quit. :/ That doesn't work for everybody.","neutral"
"I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(","disappointment"
"Nothing wrong with striving. Forcibly making people is though.","anger"
"Yeah, I don't think [NAME] supporters should use intelligence as a reason to talk down to people. I have watched [NAME] speak. Yikes.","disapproval"
"Yup, the cammer is at fault here.","annoyance"
"Thank you. I’ll look into those books.","gratitude"
"I highly doubt it man. You should be in the clear.","neutral"
"I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.","joy"
"Yes, a lot of it ","neutral"
"You know it wasn't missionary, if she wanted it that bad she was most likely doing all the work.","disapproval"
"I'm not covering for anybody, trump included.","annoyance"
"my sentiment exactly","approval"
"I think maybe it's because there are just more single moms. I don't know though so I'm going to look it up.","surprise"
"I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh","neutral"
"People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.","anger"
"I did misread i saw 23-27","realization"
"Get [NAME] streaky ass tf off this team.","neutral"
"> [NAME]. You disgust me. But seriously when do we get a real show and skip the constant ad teases.","disgust"
"Well, at least you'll have plenty of company","approval"
"it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right ","approval"
"You gotta be a fucking idiot to use a regualr wooden pallet for a bale. Blue or Red pallets only","annoyance"
"PS4 with pure vanilla setting, after a little practice counter GB and feint is the easiest thing to do","approval"
"First thought that came to mind were those water benders in the swamp in Avatar: The Last Airbender.","approval"
"But the satisfaction of getting a headshot is better with the USP.","approval"
"She barely has any real hair on her head. She looks like [NAME] dolly from Rugrats. Bet","neutral"
"Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.","approval"
"Lmao stopping a tracking working dog haha.","neutral"
"[Serious] I'm fairly certain this poster has Asperger's Syndrome or OCD or some other mental disorder. He obsessively fixates on really really weird subjects.","fear"
"i’m with you bro best of luck🤞🏼","approval"
"No foreplay, no connection, if he doesn't know what he's doing. If he asks for a blow job and then refuses to reciprocate. ","disgust"
"dont let the spirit of rock die motherfucker aroooooo","disgust"
"He gets criticized for being too "showy" in his dialogue because people dont actually talk like he writes. But I love it","admiration"
"Actually i barely remember any threads about him getting to rank 1 in recent years. Most of them were about his insane winrates against gold-plat players.","admiration"
"Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander","disappointment"
"Signed jersey from the Bulldogs 2012 team.","pride"
"trust me, he's not.","neutral"
"Nut! Keep your eyes of my hay!","neutral"
"I'm guessing that insurance to cover the liability is a big part of it. It sure as hell isn't going to the wages of the employees.","desire"
"It's happened:","realization"
"Lets go with sensitive, because what other reason is there to downvote an opinion ","desire"
"You can do it! live the dream!","joy"
"What...? That’s some real mental gymnastics to justify him assaulting her","confusion"
"Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less. ","joy"
"Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.","neutral"
"to the post","neutral"
"I hope your relationships are no longer abusive either physically or emotionally.","disapproval"
"The original argument was that he said the n word. Now the argument is that he just wanted to say it.","neutral"
"it's harder for them to do it in person.","neutral"
"Cheers for the reply ;)","joy"
"I honestly can’t keep a secret but I think that’s because I’m a Chatty [NAME], not because of my gender. ","pride"
"I hope your struggle is worth it. Stay strong.","optimism"
"Oh [NAME] this is atrocious... I think I'm in love","love"
"Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)","approval"
"Omg yes!","approval"
"What shouldn’t be lifetime? :)","curiosity"
"Shit, with a full season of [NAME] on the docket? Yes please.","excitement"
"[NAME] are you me? Like I was relating and then you said rot in Atlanta traffic and the pains of 285 burned into my mind.","neutral"
"This is where [NAME] loan becomes a bad idea. I know he wouldn't start but now there's no backup RB.","neutral"
"That is fantastic.","admiration"
"Go back to bed, grandpa","neutral"
"She should kick him out... next best thing from abortion.","neutral"
"I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.","approval"
"That's really interesting. How come?","excitement"
"Omg actually?! I mean no judgment , I am just SHOOK ","curiosity"
"So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!","neutral"
"This. This is too realistic man. Too late for this too.","annoyance"
"How do you know of this? Also dont spoil for me I'm looking forward to the new episodes.","curiosity"
"Thankyou so much","gratitude"
"But that rookie year was sick. Such a Slash fan when I was young.","disappointment"
"I'm floored by their solution for "landing" the drones. It's so brilliant. I love this channel!","admiration"
"That's my point he's comparing two things that are different this is past oranges and apples.","annoyance"
"Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow. ","neutral"
"It's okay. Just tell them you meant I love you "two" twice for four.","approval"
"Haha imagine if that limo in Vancouver where him, [NAME], and [NAME] were shirtless had a dash cam.","amusement"
"Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.","fear"
"This guy journalists.","approval"
"Why aren’t we putting guys in for garbage time?","confusion"
"only Beijing? Forbidden City and national museum are great , $100 pre day would be enough to find a decent hotel.","admiration"
"I don’t think anyone would be offended by calling a group guys. But idk","disapproval"
"I was absolutely gobsmacked when I found out an ICU/CCU nurse can be paid the same as a short stay obs nurse in my hospital.","neutral"
"Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.","anger"
"Sheed... Ik but I still envy Horry","desire"
"No, cause the number of games and mins he's played to get those points is a joke.","amusement"
"That gives me flashbacks to when my mom used to record me crying because she thought it was funny. Ugh.","joy"
"Best of luck to you my friend, keep going ","caring"
"When is EVO","curiosity"
"So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.","approval"
"Oh lol, source? Just interested to see what changed his mind","amusement"
"I thought I was the only one who did this","neutral"
"Wondering why this hasn’t been made a thing yet 😂","realization"
"What a great photo and you two look so happy. 😍","admiration"
"you never go full loco","disapproval"
"I feel the same","neutral"
"You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.","neutral"
"Glad that [NAME] continues to be himself even in a mystery fortress. I doubt I'll ever play another game as good.","neutral"
"He didn't run off like a deadbeat when he thought the kids were his.","confusion"
"This screwball is an anti-semite [NAME] supporter, no point in engaging it. ","neutral"
"not true! Acute acopia needs a brief social admission, social work, and tincture of time Chronic acopia needs placement","realization"
"Shot info -> Canon 5D Mark iii & Sigma 150-600mm C f/9 ▫️ 1/60 sec ▫️ ISO 400 **instagram**","neutral"
"I've been exposed, time to go into hiding. ","neutral"
"thanks! nothing else?","gratitude"
"The original post is a repost, I saw that before.","neutral"
"People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.","neutral"
"Confirms :-)","approval"
"Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.","joy"
"you seem like the kind of person i’d like to be best friends with! :)","admiration"
"She has no idea. You've got this ♡","joy"
"Funny. The only people who have ever attacked me were conservative [NAME].","amusement"
"Or the pulse night club shooter, extremism is on both sides and to whataboutism is being willfully ignorant.","neutral"
"I trust WeltHam, we low ball them first and watch them come back when they can't find any bigger offers.","disappointment"
"that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him","annoyance"
"Great Scientists can keep you competitive even if you didn't get too much harassed in the early game.","admiration"
"that was so sad :(","sadness"
"I like how she spins away it's too late.","admiration"
"As someone from Louisiana I am always thankful for Mississippi and West Virginia for holding down the absolute bottom","gratitude"
"Same. However, do we have tea or is this just speculation?","confusion"
"This looks like don't hug me I'm scared","fear"
"Do you read any of the content on this sub? Lol. Because it contains very specific detailed critiques and concerns that you're conveniently ignoring...","amusement"
"Happy for him, great game. ","approval"
"Wtf Powerhouse Macomb is the gym I go to. I've never seen this dude there.","surprise"
"There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.","approval"
"Imagine being triggered so hard that you ignore science and make up false claims","neutral"
"Love me some FA cup","neutral"
"FUCK OFF THAT"S A PEN","embarrassment"
"wow fkn nice :)","admiration"
"such a cute boy!","admiration"
""therapy>no therapy" very debatable, my friend.","neutral"
"Thank [NAME] she did the math for us","gratitude"
"[NAME]. Think there’s some controversy over how common that was though","neutral"
"He wasn’t hot to me but he has that attitude I find attractive af.","disapproval"
"Gotta know a season ticket holder willing to part with one. Did a quick search and found a few for sale.","joy"
"He’s your rebound guy. Have fun. But expect little. And certainly don’t expect it to last.","amusement"
"Because it's scary, and therefore thrilling to face your fear. Also the shrimp are easier to catch at night.","neutral"
"There could have been men going that we’re not priesthood holders.","neutral"
"Anything yet?","neutral"
"I am so pleased for you that you are going for therapy. You can really benefit from it. I wish you the very best for the future.","optimism"
"unblockables and cc moves do not affect him while in bulwark stance or at least he can also counter them (not sure how the stance works)","confusion"
"Yet, his recoveries on attacks are abysmal.","disappointment"
"FREE FRIES FOR EVERYONE, we splashing out here ","neutral"
"In Canada, we got rid of the penny a while ago.... I've heard few complaints. ","neutral"
"Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.","caring"
"I thought chiropractors were bad! Look as these medical doctors who were pushing opiates on their patients by the thousands!","sadness"
"Did he run them into the car? It hasn't been proven that he was holding a gun. As of now it is only on the kids","approval"
"I'm nauseous","neutral"
"You da best thanks","admiration"
"Is there a subreddit that makes fun of SJWs?","curiosity"
"> [NAME] is a religion, not a race. In the Holocaust, did the NAZI's commit genocide against a religion? or a race of people? ","confusion"
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 1937 - 2016 = Polls not very accurate 2016 - 2019 = Oh yeah, polls have evolved, they're like super accurate now ","admiration"
"INTRODUCING BUD LIGHT LIGHT for the [NAME] a beer consumer! Just when you thing Bud Light was light enough we managed to water it down more!","neutral"
"Damn this is really uplifting.","disappointment"
"Fuck it, im paying the premium -- 15% risk in not getting your money is quite high! ","annoyance"
"dude that stadium was lit as fuck 🤣🤣🤣 were about to embrace the tank like never before","amusement"
"Doctor: “I have good news and bad news” Patient: “good news first” Doctor: “we’re naming a disease after you”","admiration"
"Why was the discrimination and ghettoization of [NAME] prior to their extermination legal? Because legislators sometimes don't care for morality.","confusion"
"Lol now that I see it put in this way, it's even more sad. Thanks :(","amusement"
"THANK YOU!!! I’ve been trying to figure out his name","gratitude"
"How to delete spam: Learn how to punish sigs you fucking idiot","annoyance"
"It's not you, Taco Bell is grade D racoon meat and isn't fit for human consumption.","disapproval"
"From your username and the fact that you had to type that you’re NOT underage: now feels like you are","neutral"
"like clockwork she runs off to twitter to get validation","neutral"
"We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them. ","disapproval"
"I'd say the key difference is probably vegemite consumption...","neutral"
"The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo ","anger"
"So many? I’d be amazed if it was more than 0.1% of active players at any time","surprise"
"Definitely bitter, lol.","amusement"
"Jersey Shore: Dubai Edition","neutral"
"I forget my friends and families names on the regular....","neutral"
"This made me gag lol","neutral"
"Is she single?","confusion"
"Dude is hilarious","amusement"
"Cap locks are nothing to be ashamed of. *You're probably upsetting your mother by letting your chicken tendies get cold*","neutral"
"Three words, no subtlety. "Dude. Stop. Seriously." ","anger"
"Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.","sadness"
"They love me!","love"
""are you related?" "No" "Are you <more specific type of related>?"","neutral"
"That's why the OP was proposing a global tax law","neutral"
"Fuck your husband","anger"
"Thanks, I hate it.","annoyance"
"I'm NoT LiKe ThOsE oThEr DeSiS.","disapproval"
"I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.","joy"
"This is trying way too hard. Ease up on the carefully sculpted one-liners and I might start to believe this was even partially real.","neutral"
"Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff","disgust"
"Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.","realization"
"Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).","annoyance"
"Best summary of the situation right here.","admiration"
"Of course he loves you! You’re his sugar momma. Seriously, ditch the bi*|€. You can and should do better. ","neutral"
"Bet they're like 12 lol","neutral"
"I just actually listed it for trade haha. I can’t use paypal unfortunately as I’m under 18","neutral"
"Yeah I was talking about a pug right there.","neutral"
"Denigrating your opponents as either racist xenophobes or labelling them too stupid to understand the issue at hand will have that effect.","anger"
"Happy cakeday 🎂","excitement"
"You guys are fools. This is gold.","realization"
"Assuming it is manufacturer defect, sure. A lot of times, it comes down to the owner not properly caring for their gun.","neutral"
"Most valuable comment","admiration"
"You become assertive and take back your share of the power and control over your life. Go get No More Mr. Nice Guy.","pride"
"wait. So most of south asia doesn't eat rice?","curiosity"
"Well that isn't fucking creepy.","neutral"
"He was born in Scotland so as much as I’d love him to run it’s not likely.","love"
"Well I'm not to sure what country your from but my school has started integrating more modern views and it isn't all black and white anymore","confusion"
"I feel like that’s the least disgusting option. Imagine a penis or vaginal canal made out of fingers.","disgust"
"Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!","anger"
"That's odd. Where I live it all the disapproval has been silent. The loud people are older cougar ladies that are into that kind of thing.","disapproval"
"Wow. This is messed up.","realization"
"The ending was awesome","admiration"
"[NAME] has some perpetual depression. Nothing makes him happy. Unfortunately I just don't see him succeeding at Chelsea in the true sense.","sadness"
"As a song from my favorite anime of all time goes: "Make the impossible possible"","admiration"
"Bumper is cheap, at least you alive. Perspective.","neutral"
"And then if you don't go out and actually sin, you've done nothing wrong.","neutral"
"Nope, from Nebraska why? Lmao","amusement"
"Hope they will, but I doubt some of the dems in dc.","neutral"
"Actually feel sorry for her. She has depression and low self esteem, this is not going to make it better.","caring"
"Excuse me, I hate to bother you but could you please inform me what you find so aggravating about sea Lions?","anger"
"This reminds me of when it came out that the Hello Kitty! character is actually a human girl.","neutral"
"photos taken moments before tragedy","neutral"
"Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).","anger"
"thank god your not on the dev team","relief"
"Shit musta been bad for him.","nervousness"
"Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.","embarrassment"
"He took the pin, and verbally put him over. Big night for [NAME].","admiration"
"I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.","anger"
"I just watched this episode the other day. I was MORTIFIED. I like seasoned chicken, but not that kinda season no","neutral"
"Don’t be silly. Fiat on/off ramps will always be centralized.","anger"
"Leave me alone [NAME] and go take care of your man. [NAME] great for you, be happy. ","annoyance"
"Nobody is ever the only one to think anything.","neutral"
"She should just go straight to therapy.","caring"
"Fucking hell they're bringing on all the giants","anger"
"this is a relatable summer bop! it gives me some eurovision vibes. in this house we stan [NAME].","excitement"
"Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.","annoyance"
"Will do, thanks","gratitude"
"Transit Police were obviously too busy checking tickets to prosecute the anti social behaviour.","neutral"
"Wet dreams don't count","disapproval"
"Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot","caring"
"This made me cringe so hard","fear"
"I thought that I was on the IASIP sub...","realization"
"This is my favourite comment of the day. So because I don't like to be ripped off I should not be able to have a family?","approval"
"Honestly man just keep scuttling instead of changing","approval"
"I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.","love"
"Astrology and asttonomy used to be the same thing. The scientific aspect diverged and got renamed to astronomy to distance itself from the bullshit.","annoyance"
"How do you feel that other drivers know your next move?","curiosity"
"Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.","disappointment"
"Don’t fall for it.","neutral"
"Too slow, I already found it ;) It is a great ad though.","admiration"
"It's the right sub but why did we even set-up so defensively in the first place? Utterly bizarre.","annoyance"
"I'm just gonna take this as a metaphor for idiot units.","neutral"
"I was hoping this day would","optimism"
"Alicorn then maybe?","confusion"
"Definitely gonna go lookin' for that mod.","relief"
"My bf uses profanity, and I don't care. There's no reason for misogyny though.","disapproval"
"I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...","love"
"What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.","disapproval"
"The last two years have made me see why [NAME] do what they do.","disappointment"
"Haha! [NAME] aside, that is *wonderful*!","amusement"
"Hey when your yard is made up entirely of gravel you can do what you want.","neutral"
"Why did you expect to feel comfortable? What have you done to change?","approval"
"Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp","amusement"
"This is great, thank you! I’ll take a read and see what is still available.","gratitude"
"Go Pack from RVA!","neutral"
"I would see a doctor asap and get to a psychiatrist. Hallucinations of any kind are worrisome.","neutral"
"I kinda figured it out after I edited that and reread it all. It then sunk in that I got baited harder than a fish.","neutral"
"Whew lad they're bleeding employees, reminds me of [NAME] before they bit the dust","sadness"
"That guy who said that it's a good idea to never smile towards women you like? Pass, the book was ultra-overrated ","curiosity"
"Well fuck. I didn't think anybody cared at all...it's order than that?","annoyance"
"What a heel.","anger"
"Yup, my greatest fear realized.","realization"
"Was she? Oh, never been good at picking up on stuff like that. Thanks for letting me know!","gratitude"
"Agree. Not sure why you are being downvoted.","confusion"
"We will welcome you with open arms <3","love"
"Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure","approval"
"It is weird to be having sex at all at 15.","fear"
"Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.","caring"
"So your dad abused you because of your mum and you still keep in contact with him","disappointment"
"Yup. "Tell that to [NAME]"","neutral"
"This only pushes me closer to the void","annoyance"
"If you drop your toy gun and someone picks it up and points it at you, you're not going to be threatened by it.","caring"
"Did you do it yet? It won’t let me post lol","amusement"
"Every single time a person has demanded to see an MD rather than me I have appreciated the dodged bullet. It's never fun for the physician.","gratitude"
"Have a good one!","gratitude"
"It’s not clear to me that vulnerability functions as an ethical compass. Will table further replies in deference to a culture war thread.","confusion"
"oh that's sexy","neutral"
"They are taking advantage of the fact that you found this thread and realized you have to do is one more day until you get it.","realization"
"When an article implies something rather than stating it explicitly, it's almost always to create a better headline.","neutral"
"that's a weird way to spell "prison"","annoyance"
"Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.","amusement"
"Congrats, proud of you ! Hopefully I can follow your lead and get myself out of a similar situation ","excitement"
"I never said yes, I just said “they this is vague and hard to give a response to” 🤷🏽‍♀️","neutral"
"Are you not the copycat, for being the thousandth person to do this?","neutral"
"Whhhaaa really? When was this?","curiosity"
"I do recall him saying at some point that he was "unsure" whether he would vote for [NAME] or not (or something along those lines).","neutral"
"Witness tells police he heard suspect scream "OKAY I'LL CATCH YOU LATER THEN" while running away from the crime scene","neutral"
"This reminds me of the Percy Jackson series :P they do the same thing at one point when they visit a dam :P","neutral"
"Maybe? But his foot goes waaaay up lol. Maybe I'm just blowing smoke, idk much about good QB form","optimism"
"is it a jailable offence","curiosity"
"Been with ethnic girls, blondes, brunettes, and a fake red head. No correlation. ","anger"
"thanks, I agree","approval"
"leg-lock speaks to me in the most animalistic level","neutral"
"watching [NAME] attempt hook shots gives me a panic attack, even when he makes them (which is rare)","neutral"
"A guy commenting, please tell her the truth. Please ","neutral"
"She forced him to sing a valentine song by threatening him with anthrax and then called him pathetic for allowing himself to be manipulated.. sounds like love to me.","annoyance"
"I'm the one who died inside here","anger"
"So I’m not invested for the rest of the season. Wife is, though. Go Bears.","neutral"
"Holy fuck this sub is the gift that keeps on giving","joy"
"I am so upset for you and your family. She knew what she was doing, which makes this even more horrifying.","annoyance"
"They should build the wall out of [NAME] emails. After all, no one can get over them.","admiration"
"Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck","surprise"
"Someone please post "Could [NAME] have the wholesome loveable personality she did if she was on Tinder from ages 18-27?" Since I'm post banned.","love"
"You can be gone for several months and they won't care, nor even notice.","disappointment"
"Just discovered that my bathroom at work has this spray that you put on the water before you poo and makes it not smell. Absolute game changer","neutral"
"Unfortunately you can’t control YouTube. It’s pretty bad out there, you just have to finish the episode ASAP. ","disapproval"
"Running with a gun and a sensor dart out makes me feel so cool.","joy"
"I came here once accidentally, saw your commend and now, 2 weeks later, I totally understand. ","neutral"
"Guess I hit a triple","surprise"
">We banned Whose alt are you with your mod-powers?","neutral"
"I was just quoting the president (through his press secretary) to be honest.","desire"
"I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE","sadness"
"Women don't get an ego boost from and don't enjoy sex with men they're ambivalent about.","approval"
"That would look enormous if [NAME] ordered it!","neutral"
"What is this an excerpt from? [NAME] was a treasure. I should read more of his stuff.","admiration"
"You are the smiley face killer","neutral"
"What? Fur definitely shows up on beige. She stayed for 35 minutes and held one dog who was wearing a coat.","approval"
"Someone in my class said foreskin instead of forehead during a biology presentation and I still remember","neutral"
"Can anyone link the article? I can't find it","confusion"
"Gonna try GW2, might try GW1 if I don't like it. Thanks!","admiration"
"So no replays for arsenal penalty calls.. Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool","relief"
"/lookz at self in the","neutral"
"You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.","disappointment"
"Google owns youtube.","neutral"
"This is more normal for INTPs, but ENTPs can be this way as well.","neutral"
"I don't like [NAME] but I'd never wish this fate to any parent.","disapproval"
"I’ll take “things that didn’t happen” for $800, [NAME].","neutral"
"Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.","admiration"
"I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart","desire"
"Same. After that it’s unbearable. Plus, [NAME] appears. So. ","neutral"
"But 80% of the time they go back to "single" (or just remove the relationship status), so no worries.","neutral"
"Alright, thanks","gratitude"
"Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist","annoyance"
"Enjoy the void","caring"
"[NAME] isnt right wing. Hes center left.","neutral"
"Because you deserve to live and be happy","joy"
"Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.","disappointment"
"[NAME] was their best player","admiration"
"Found the checher","approval"
"I would never do such a thing. :P","desire"
"Same. I see some people just look really friendly, or just familar. ","pride"
"I don't about bringing it into the country but CBD is everywhere here","neutral"
"That partially explains why season 4 was such a fucking mess","disappointment"
"Saw bad guy, arrested same.","annoyance"
"Great. So increase prices 20% overall, give the waiters the extra money. I'm happy with that. 20% is a great tip.","admiration"
"They did. They used [NAME] crews and had soundbytes from #metoo and the supreme Court trial.","neutral"
"Oof. Didn't see what happened but cizikas like died on the ice there for a minute.","disappointment"
"Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]","annoyance"
"That wasn't what I was expecting at all.","disappointment"
"came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them","amusement"
"I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.","admiration"
"I like how nobody else is doing anything to stop him","admiration"
"Reminds me of the Shell Gas Station Lego set my grandfather got me as a kid. 10/10 would build again","desire"
"I'm the opposite. I love spending time with friends but initiating it always gives me anxiety, so I generally wait for them to do something.","love"
"I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.","curiosity"
"Well now I think I was wrong","confusion"
"Not sure what's cringe about this, even if you disagree with the political message","confusion"
"> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?","disappointment"
"[NAME] ! Glad that we helped you.","gratitude"
"Because it's scary, and therefore thrilling to face your fear. Also the shrimp are easier to catch at night.","neutral"
"i swear on ford that the crack squad thats about to break into your house and gas you with [NAME] will make you think correctly","neutral"
"Agreed. How do you feel about the rumors that he doesn't pick any girl as an endgame?","approval"
"Loved that damn [NAME]","love"
"Thank [NAME], good luck and hope you find the happiness you seek","gratitude"
"Then stop arresting them for shooting at thieves","neutral"
"You’re looking at hard time mate","neutral"
"What a useless tool.","anger"
"Love and marriage","neutral"
"The last thing you see before entering Hell.","neutral"
"This is a weird thing to be concerned about.","caring"
"And so are you!","surprise"
"Well, could be worse. It could be India.","neutral"
"[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy. ","excitement"
"Do you feel like being with him is the only way for you to be okay, then?","neutral"
"Are we still stuck on this?","neutral"
"> consider another better job Oh believe me I am doing that. But this will have to do for now!","neutral"
"On days like this you can get an extra scoop. Just to make sure you have the finnnnnessst meals ;)","caring"
"Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.","love"
"[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.","annoyance"
"mibr losing to faze","confusion"
"Same cinematographer, [NAME]. He's incredible","admiration"
"She called someone from RHONJ a r****d and then doubled down in a particularly petulant manner when someone called her out","neutral"
"I never pre-order anything and I am never disappointed with that decision","optimism"
"You have to find the right woman honestly and its sad that divorce is so punishing","disappointment"
"Congratulations on the job interview! NParents seem to give the absolute *worst* job advice. I'm glad that you've figured that out earlier than I did!","admiration"
"Wow, I just googled it and holy shizz that's an insane difference.","admiration"
"Love the seems to be afk cause hell never respond but his non stop stupid af music forever plays guys","love"
"It seems our pets have all...turned away from [NAME] and into libtards! If only they had finished that sentence!","neutral"
"I have one crazy as hell three year old boy.","excitement"
"I once overheard my grandpa telling my brother that “anything more than a handful is a waste”","caring"
"If your host stand has a register that isn’t locked securely you have bigger problems than this lady I think","neutral"
"[NAME], thanks for playing [NAME]","gratitude"
"Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?","approval"
"Happy little lies.","neutral"
" cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk. ","annoyance"
"This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.","annoyance"
"Dude it’s my dream to go to Australia on vacation","optimism"
"There was a thread about a month ago:","neutral"
"it's not up to the drivers, its up to the owner. Owner doesn't have to drive in the ice.","approval"
"I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.","disapproval"
"we just don’t match amazon at all to avoid this sort of thing.","anger"
"Who exactly are their ‘volunteers’? The IRA?","neutral"
"He’s not the character you’re looking for.","neutral"
"Doing a good job getting Dell involved.","admiration"
"you never wanna hear that but sadly people will say they love you when what they really mean is you are convenient.","neutral"
"`Omnialternative` Thanks, I hate it.","anger"
"Two homes? In this economy?!","neutral"
"Thank you! And i understand that one too.","gratitude"
"One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!","admiration"
"Prolonged eye contact.","neutral"
"I bet she smells like a jar of mayo left open for a week in the summer","disgust"
"Used to love Thai-tanic. Haven't been in ages.","admiration"
"Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha","neutral"
"Those splits of Marla's still amaze me! Not only in terms of flexibility, but STRENGTH. Just imagine how heavy that leg is...","admiration"
"I love it here too.","love"
"That explains it. Who was it?","neutral"
"That [NAME] block on the [NAME] TD was awesome. He sealed the left side with authority.","excitement"
"Thanks I got sorted here anyway.","gratitude"
"Let people enjoy things","joy"
"You joke but people would believe it!","optimism"
"The rest areas and truck stops are booming!","annoyance"
"[NAME] got a serious case of the giggles today.","anger"
"Grow up.","anger"
"I am removing this post because of sourcing. Read the sidebar.","neutral"
"Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.","joy"
"[NAME] that is frightening...","fear"
"I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally","excitement"
"[NAME] always makes my day when he's yelling at the refs","neutral"
"Hearsay as usual, no proof, [NAME] computer proves he needs help.","caring"
"> The ball was tipped. And I haven't heard anyone criticize the offensive line for letting that happen.","neutral"
"Swap places? I'd take your place over listening to my father complaining about how Canada's not conservative enough.","desire"
"He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed. ","disapproval"
"That would expand his torso and ribs which probably hurts","optimism"
"35k? That's just crazy. Mine was less than 2k, and that includes the wedding dress.","surprise"
"Especially if you're looking for the Linux or Mac versions (which exist for a large portion of Steam games).","neutral"
"People want quick fixes. Going to the root takes time and effort","desire"
"Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL","disappointment"
"You gotta be a fucking idiot to use a regualr wooden pallet for a bale. Blue or Red pallets only","anger"
"Can some hero type out all the rosters?","neutral"
"He is just the exception to the rule though.","neutral"
"more like 69turds","neutral"
"I don't think you know what a vegan is","confusion"
"Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh","gratitude"
"It’s a problem because that box of apparent bone fragments could literally have been found anywhere.","neutral"
"pretty ironic this was recorded","neutral"
"HOW MUCH IS IT","confusion"
"I always tried to go first if possible tbh. You're not gonna get away, might as get it over with quickly.","desire"
"Tbh bastion is still super op before it now I can just abuse him more","neutral"
"It's called bipolar. And it's fatal","neutral"
"Sorry, mom took it out of the oven already and I am STARVING!","caring"
"This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history","annoyance"
"Im so sad how that movie turned out. We could have achived something good","sadness"
"love cats, dislike the regular news. you?","curiosity"
"I love her so much","love"
"Just eat your goddamn vegetables, [NAME]!","anger"
"It says I love to make myself laugh","confusion"
"Kindly shut your pie hole.","anger"
"Good bot lol","admiration"
"this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it","nervousness"
"Are you my coworker? I swear my boss will randomly scream and its embarrassing.","embarrassment"
">he's also super handsome *( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*","gratitude"
"Exactly! It amazes me how many people dont communicate with each other. Talk about it, see what they say. Discuss. Come to a conclusion.","annoyance"
"Yeah, I know. I was kinda hoping you didn’t. Ya know just for the point of what a great salesman this dude was.","approval"
"Is that seriously the story? I haven’t googled it. I just thought it was cool as a WW2 buff","surprise"
"The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.","love"
"Excuse me?","anger"
"Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.","admiration"
"That's your justification? You're a terrible person. Correction: You're a terrible child. Get some help.","fear"
"It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!","caring"
"I'm cracking up at my desk now, thanks","gratitude"
"That's my wife ❤","neutral"
"That’s me! Got it at the sens store by 304","neutral"
"I hope thats true.","optimism"
"Happy cake day bot!!","excitement"
"That Thug had it coming.","neutral"
"That's such a selfish mentality to have.","disgust"
"why do they look like their all wearing gas masks","neutral"
"are you fcking serious sis","annoyance"
"You're not [NAME] about your joke, good pun there mate","disapproval"
"With some odd cat-like appendages","neutral"
"I'd be extremely motivated to take any form of martial arts lessons if they didn't cost $100 per month around where I live","optimism"
"> western values You mean liberal values?","curiosity"
"This. One of my biggest pet peeves. What the hell does it even mean?","annoyance"
"That’s up for debate...you won’t be able to pick it up after the first two episodes.","neutral"
"Flappy boi doin a heckin scare","annoyance"
"I live here! Apparently I need to be keeping my eyes open.","neutral"
"And everyone will cheer for [NAME]","admiration"
"She already had plans with some of her friends and it would have been weird for me to get there, I didn’t know any of them. ","annoyance"
"I lowkey hope I'd find this in the comments somewhere Was not disappointed","disappointment"
"You can't be serious.","neutral"
"Grow up.","neutral"
"I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.","fear"
"Looks kinda creepy when you keep watching","disapproval"
"So, the kicker... her brother played on Xbox so that's the console she had claimed to play on!","neutral"
"I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.","curiosity"
"Poo again? it really is an obsession.","neutral"
"Yeah feel bad for people paying 200 to watch this crap. Better hockey watching my sons novice games.","annoyance"
"She’s BFFs with [NAME].","neutral"
"That's encouraging. I have similar amounts of ETH and some LTC that's "pending" withdrawal from monday. Hoping I get it soon.","gratitude"
"eh, maybe. the tricky part is getting away with it.","approval"
"I feel bad for all those kids whose parents decided to homeschool them so they could be professional HOTS players without all that stupid learning getting in the way.","neutral"
"Glad he's still balling, better than [NAME] for sure. I would have liked to have kept him just cos I liked how hard he played. ","realization"
"Cool. Good luck!","optimism"
"As a strip club connoisseur, this is one of my biggest fears. ","neutral"
"Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)","relief"
"Dude got owned by a glass of cider. He spent a full month roiling and gnashing his teeth in an existential nightmare because of sulphites.","neutral"
"> Yes, I truly believe in soul mates. we'll just have to agree to disagree","neutral"
"Maybe a relationship where you don't live together would suit him better. Some people feel suffocated when they are with their partner for long stretches of time.","neutral"
"This is like that SNL sketch. EDIT: For anyone wondering what I’m talking about.","surprise"
"Excuse me, I am a very polite roid monkey. ","neutral"
"Satire account.","neutral"
"Uh...no","disappointment"
"NOT EVEN CLOSE!","neutral"
"Sometimes you just wanna find out what kind of Cactus you are","annoyance"
"I forgot the Olympics was gonna happen there 😂 hopefully the signs and stuff will stay!","approval"
"Fuck isn't it nice to have a [NAME] on the team?","annoyance"
"I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.","love"
"Wow, “Social” Democrats betraying the revolution. Who would had guessed?","excitement"
"Is there a link for razz discord?","neutral"
"So happy for you I am crying too.","joy"
"I see why magic fans want [NAME] off their team.","realization"
"Don't know where you live, but 7/11 is my friend. Stock all the flavors. Just 2x more expensive in Chicago due to reasons.","neutral"
"Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.","anger"
"You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.","embarrassment"
"What, do you disagree that that freak can in fact buy a megaphone?","confusion"
"They're men, they view the vagina as a hole to stick things in, they too have a hole to stick things in. Indistinguishable!","neutral"
"okay but where to find bara that isnt fetish/sex stuff and is more wholesome and romantic?","neutral"
"No scratch. Weird. It's almost like she just popped her pimples and smeared the blood. 🤔","neutral"
"Thanks for the link,much appreciated,great info you found.","gratitude"
"your cat has the cutest face!","gratitude"
"But in an even lower res","neutral"
"Goodness, how will [NAME] even defend this? Please try to validate this so I can become a muzz and you earn your good boy points from [NAME]","curiosity"
"I do not disagree with any of this. Good take, sir.","admiration"
"what a cute outfit omg","excitement"
"It's [NAME]. He hates himself for never getting the coat into the basket.","neutral"
"air supply? the irony of life","neutral"
"Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha","amusement"
"Keep telling yourself that","neutral"
"Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.","annoyance"
"[NAME] hasn't been found guilty, YET, but he has killed before and bribes every official he sees","neutral"
"Nop nothing YET","neutral"
"This is murder","approval"
"sorry for the dumb question, but where do the pagers get their signal from? Are there still emitter around or do cellphone towers this job now?","caring"
"Why do we even try to have nice things T_T","neutral"
"Yes, that is exactly what happened.","neutral"
"i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies","caring"
"[NAME] with 8 mins, [NAME] with 30. Disagree.","neutral"
"Sorry but I’m out of the loop on this. What and when is in play? Thanks.","confusion"
"This is not true, you can still cross train to short fall career fields at the half.","neutral"
"Theres no clonazolam in that bottle that vendor sends bunk shit. Im considering suing that vendor for scamming me","anger"
"there is no general rule for this stuff. you just have to do what you think will work best for you.","neutral"
"I didn't notice AB celebrating with juju or any of the other TD makers. Very telling....","annoyance"
"Desktop link: ^^/r/HelperBot_ ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove. ^^Counter: ^^231652","neutral"
"I don’t know why but this made me crack up so hard!","amusement"
"Tell him his Gospels lack integrity due to their anonymity 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭","neutral"
"Queens of the Stone Age - Make it wit [NAME]. Our first dance at our wedding. Fleetwood Mac - As long as you Follow","neutral"
"I was expecting him to go with baseball, but hopefully his combine and everything makes his stock rise into a high first round pick.","optimism"
"Really wish we had got something like this!","desire"
"Means behave like you are a sexual Tyrannosaurus.","neutral"
"For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.","approval"
"Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.","annoyance"
"I like your honesty","approval"
"No we just want to make sure that it doesn't happen. Fairly large difference.","approval"
"And people still support him....","neutral"
"It's the end of the world as we know it...and I feel fine","sadness"
"When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.","realization"
"Is that her official name now? [NAME]","amusement"
"I am not.","neutral"
"Ahhh, [NAME]: Hero of Eardrums worldwide!","neutral"
"Stranger things have happened.","surprise"
"Yep. TTC, looks like queens park station ","approval"
"She wants to connect, alright. With your wallet.","approval"
"Those are still huge numbers for a guy that can’t even take a free throw without double clutching his shot.","approval"
"I mean it’s definitely rushed but your clock is ticking and could be possibly on the verge of running out. I say go for it.","neutral"
"I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.","fear"
"Won’t Molotovs create more waste?","confusion"
"Ahhh I misread your comment as “If I noticed a car on a flat bed with no straps.”","realization"
"Sure that makes a gal feel safe, the idea of being with three males with weapons in an abandoned building. How romantic! ","love"
"Oh my [NAME] please no","confusion"
"That's great to hear, we need more Maki lovers","joy"
"If I'm no good I can still give the 1st round a crack, yeah?","curiosity"
"I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.","joy"
"Alright grandpa back in your room now","approval"
"How many of these people are from the original Lucasfilm? Before Disney's takeover? Does anyone know?","annoyance"
"This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.","neutral"
"You don't have delusions of grandeur though, so you'll be done in by poisoned berries.","annoyance"
"I knew a girl who was very obese and a heavy cocaine and meth user. Some people still have no problem eating on drugs","neutral"
"He probably misread it as *gunst*, he didn't come here for gunst.","annoyance"
"Enjoying Mummers. I'm from Philly. I kind of terrified as they just used Skyrim music....","excitement"
"I'd prefer it that way than the alternative reality in which [NAME] knows where I live.","neutral"
"Ooook, time to calm down now.","neutral"
"Holy fuck this sub is the gift that keeps on giving","disgust"
"I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....","annoyance"
"Used to be the same with [NAME]","neutral"
"And you'd be in prison.","neutral"
"seriously wtf. I want to see how the whole hand went in detail. that was the sickest soulread ever","approval"
"Too bad it wasn’t a sword.","disappointment"
"My favourite book, the writing is beautiful. Very much a precursor to 1984.","admiration"
"So excited!! Probably gonna be my new main ⚔️🛡","approval"
"This is just child abuse. At least the whole food withdrawal and beatings.","neutral"
"Good. Nevsun shouldn't be flaking culpability in this matter. They are directly funding the organizations responsible for it.","admiration"
"Goodbye trust.","gratitude"
">when you're a day older than your friends on your 18th birthday ich believe I'm a bit too old for you!","neutral"
"So the watering down continues. When will the democrats stop losing the battle before it's fought?","confusion"
"REAL MEN ONLY CRY OVER GILLETTE","amusement"
"BFV have anticheat... Why do you claim "complete lack of an anti-cheat" ? They are running fairfight + some inhouse shit afaik...","annoyance"
"[NAME] gets no love.","disappointment"
"Don’t know how I missed that","confusion"
"It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.","fear"
"Ladies and gentlemen, we got him.","neutral"
"I’ve heard of “over hard” so a fried egg (like over-easy) but broken yolk and fully cooking it... idk","neutral"
"It's also one of the very few decent solo FPS released this year.","approval"
"Lol this pregame about players sucking and getting sent down and then coming back up later and doing better. A giant message to our facebook fans.","amusement"
"I take issue with the word probably. If you don't have faith why are you even here?","annoyance"
"It will be interesting if there is a response to that at the federal level.","excitement"
"It would be sweet if they got into accidents with guardrails and massive trees.","excitement"
"You can get into big, fuck up your life forever trouble.","neutral"
"Damn. This has to be one of the wrongest predictions ever in this war.","annoyance"
"Into another environment?","curiosity"
"Who do you think can lead the Packers to where they need to be?","curiosity"
"I completely agree, I just think there is more of a chance of Clowney getting tagged than [NAME] getting tagged a second time.","approval"
"Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.","annoyance"
"NEVER RUNNING FROM A REAL FIGHT!","anger"
"I think you may just be an asshole/moron bud... sorry.","annoyance"
"It's a decent flick. Id watch it","neutral"
"Capitalism thrives where people are exploited more. Think about 19th century Britain (or America for that matter)","approval"
"To be fair, you have to have an extremely high IQ to also know that whiteoids dominate the school shooting industry.","neutral"
"He's funny for sure... lol!","amusement"
"It's been cross posted.","neutral"
"I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP","sadness"
"Not sure what carrier you have but TMobile has a pretty damn good scam call blocker included in their plans.","admiration"
"Does [NAME] do it telepathically?","curiosity"
"It'll definitely show our hand which means we will have to pay up to trade up high enough that we are sure we get Haskins.","neutral"
"Great album! 👊","admiration"
"Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.","approval"
"No that's called your sister is the milk man's/s","disapproval"
"Lol “this is my opinion and it is very true.” You said opinion, didn’t you?","amusement"
"Scars do not fade after 2 weeks. Its gonna take a few months. I've got some nasty scars too girl I feel your pain","caring"
"Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh. ","joy"
"This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.","approval"
"Some guys are gonna get their hopes up if you are at all young *or* pretty. You may attract less attention if you can avoid moving.","optimism"
"What the hell is wrong with you?","anger"
"I simply would not need a backseat driver to tell me what to do.","disapproval"
"Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk","confusion"
"It looks like it may be some type of munchkin cat since it has short legs","curiosity"
"The lucky ones died quick","grief"
"Probably. The fact his reaction to you being injured was to go off and have sex with a stranger is not a healthy sign.","disapproval"
"[NAME] got in before [NAME], but other than that...","neutral"
"Peacefully, obviously. Let's not get crazy, this is still Canada.","excitement"
"What if I went around with a bat and stalked down every socialist I could find? Socialism killed more innocent [NAME] then [NAME], remember? ","fear"
"Happy 2019 to everyone except for Disney who plans to fill the year with crappy, money-grabbing sequels. ","neutral"
"Whatever happens, you will survive this. Keep your head up brother ✊","caring"
"I hope they bring him back. Last year was awesome","approval"
"What's where the underwater level is.","curiosity"
"Columbus really gets away with quite a lot of interference.","neutral"
"That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.","admiration"
"Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.","annoyance"
"[NAME] would be fun [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and possibly [NAME] would make us prime contenders for hard knocks ","approval"
"YES PLEASE... I thought they did a while back but maybe not. Either way, they should! Very annoying.","neutral"
"I encountered a shark whilst hiking last year. He wasn’t the least bit interested.","neutral"
"Love this, and the comments are great, thanks for sharing.","admiration"
"Yup, it's pretty funny to know we technically use the metric system.","amusement"
"Absolutely adore this","love"
"Life Hack Attack has become Attack Everyone's Life and Hack. I love it.","love"
"Thats too funny","amusement"
"Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me","amusement"
"Lmao “9 times out of 10” okay","amusement"
"Har--HARRY POTTER! **HARRY POTTER!!!** I KNOW THIS REFERENCE!","neutral"
"As far as I can tell that's not real. No announcement yet and people on twitter saying it's false","disapproval"
"Well, that one time, I was very constipated...","annoyance"
"Dude was using his power and leadership to exploit women. This is gross.","anger"
"It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.","neutral"
"You share your team-mates pain.","neutral"
"Surprised Colorado ain’t got one the way things have been going here past couple years","surprise"
"I just hurked a little in my mouth.","realization"
"Whammer!","neutral"
"Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk","disapproval"
"Let's wrap him in bubble wrap to be safe","caring"
"Could be to lead the police on the wrong trail to delay being caught","realization"
"Same.. First thought was damn that kids shoes","neutral"
"[NAME] likes making us excited, but not *too* excited","excitement"
"The anniversary march was held in Derry Sunday past , not one mention on BBC itv not a thing. 14 people murdered in cold blood. Nothing.","grief"
"Softest fans in sports","neutral"
"Vote every one of them out that was quoted as being upset about the wire and not the corruption.","disappointment"
"Reminds me of [NAME] saying “Cow House” in Breaking Bad.","neutral"
"And they let you run money making missions while playing in a solo server? I don’t remember this from gta.","confusion"
"facetune is hard work you fucking pore. I work all day to support this family and this is the thanks I get?","gratitude"
"My bad! It looked so real XD thanks for the heads up","annoyance"
"Story checks out.","neutral"
"I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.","disappointment"
"Don't make me kiss you!","annoyance"
"Be prepared for many old men to hit on you","optimism"
"She still cute tho","desire"
"No problem. Didn't mean to nitpick. Good luck with the exam!","admiration"
"Your wife is smart.","admiration"
"I hope that you still send her a bag each Christmas?","caring"
"There’s enough public shaming. I said let the drunk woman free!","neutral"
"I almost forgot about you for a minute","neutral"
"Likely frostbite advisory weather.","neutral"
"This person is being a killjoy but there is a difference between being a killjoy and acting smart.","disapproval"
"I think you may be missing some of the public information posted by QCX employees over the past year but I think your posted information is mostly correct.","approval"
"Do not throw away your hair, fingernails or teeth because if you don't find them upon your death, you will regret it!","disapproval"
"What do you mean, they're doing [NAME] work.","neutral"
"Got to study somehow.","neutral"
"Not sure if we can call him ginger anymore. That hairline went into a recession that'd put 2009 to shame.","confusion"
"My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.","joy"
"I was well expecting the glee with which much of the userbase here would celebrate roadblocks being put up in front of "the other".","disappointment"
"same, just found it interesting and sent it so people could see. ","neutral"
"Oof I’m glad this was the top post bc I literally came here to post it after seeing it on Facebook","approval"
"Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable","disgust"
"It’s all the same, the number makes no difference.","neutral"
"I’ll give a big “HELL YEA” to that","annoyance"
"Did insurance cover this? Who was the surgeon? Unfortunately without it...this surgery can cost up to 20k or more in American cities.","neutral"
"Yeah it’s ridiculous. I mean I’m crying about the model but I still spent the money lol","amusement"
"Ah I see","neutral"
"It inhales you ignorant octorok","annoyance"
"Same, but [NAME] is one of my favorite champs, so beong useless hit me extra hard.","love"
"Don't worry dude. The ladies could never see it if you remain to be a virgin and keep your pants up.","caring"
"I love it","love"
"First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you ","joy"
"Outrage over something that isnt even true. Thats sad man Edit: well the bandwaggoning part is true","anger"
"If we always have to use reconciliation anyway, why not just kill it imo, doesn't really matter either way.","neutral"
"Oh, I see. I must have mis-read that. I am sorry.","remorse"
"Thanks and you too!","gratitude"
">[NAME] well, there's your problem","neutral"
"yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.","annoyance"
"That one guy barley touched the car and it stoped","admiration"
"I see. Never get bored is my main goal :)","approval"
"[NAME] earned it I think. He was godlike at world's. But [NAME] is the absolute worst S+ on this list.","approval"
"she got knocked the f out!","neutral"
"This just oozes passive-agressiveness. I love it!","anger"
"Theres a pretty big Irish population in Edinburgh/ Glasgow as well that'll likely end up contributing to the support.","neutral"
"> [NAME] That is going to get sooo confusing if he does join our division.","confusion"
"Hm... I can't help you then. I always go cold-turkey from any addiction I decide to quit. :/ That doesn't work for everybody.","neutral"
""I want to be me" Then go ahead cure yourself, [NAME]. Don't make this decision for others ","neutral"
"*Now* he wants to negotiate? We don't believe you, TЯeasonous TЯump...","neutral"
"Thank you. So many people out there that would rather be right and in a grave than swallow their pride and do the safer thing.","neutral"
"And I’ll be there!!!","approval"
"Fock I cant breathe.","annoyance"
"And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay","neutral"
"After christmas. January 4th. Lol","neutral"
"Boy you sure can make some word vomit. You must be scared all the time to have such pessimistic views of people.","neutral"
"This man... This man is doing [NAME] work!!","neutral"
"Let me guess, are you Swedish perhaps ? ","curiosity"
"It seems as if you are the one that is unable to feel women.","approval"
"He doesn't realize she's banging the ukulele guy.","neutral"
"Some of us only play QP. I’d like to think QP is just as important as comp.","neutral"
"also big pp","neutral"
"It’s pretty old. [NAME] did it.","neutral"
"Great for when you'd really like all your clothes to smell like hard-boiled eggs.","neutral"
"This picture is old af","neutral"
"But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?","joy"
"Looks like you just finished eating a shit covered ass.","neutral"
"Do you know why their airships have sirens? Edit: It's LASD","neutral"
"Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.","neutral"
"Pam Beesly and Jim... What a waste.","annoyance"
"I'm so jealous!","excitement"
"You absolutely dodged a bullet. You can be sad about it because it sucks to be broken up with but you def dodged a bullet.","neutral"
"Anything in this sub that reaches front page is. I'm subscribed for the sake of genuinely funny content.","amusement"
"Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you","caring"
"Very good (and depressing) point haha","amusement"
"I will watch tonight, thank you!","gratitude"
"I was there too! I remember it was a warm day during an otherwise cold time of year.","approval"
"i mean if you really want to play guitar with your thumb there’s nothing stopping you","desire"
"Best description of online dating ever","admiration"
"It hasn't been posted until now! Thanks, babe!","admiration"
"Absolutely yes.","approval"
"Unleash your RAGE, my chosen children! Unleash your rage upon the [NAME], and bring forth the age of the YELLOW ","neutral"
"Don't call me bitch you fucking sexist. I bet you are one of those white devils. How many women and minorities have you suppressed today?","anger"
"Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there","disapproval"
"That was the story of how he went from ‘M16 Maravich’ to ‘[NAME]’.","neutral"
"[NAME] the new [NAME]","neutral"
"Stop using that excuse he hasn't been dominant since returning","disapproval"
"Good grief.","neutral"
"Wow, what a find. The store actually began clapping","admiration"
"Is it... alive?","curiosity"
"LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you","approval"
"Wasn’t this guy floated around as a long shot OC candidate earlier in the offseason?","confusion"
"Because lost media presents a question with no answer. Humans are curious creatures, so presenting them with knowledge that cannot possibly be learned is extremely frustrating.","anger"
"It was inevitable, after so much cultural shading of men, that “toxic femininity” would enter the fray. Welcome.","gratitude"
"It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.","grief"
"INTERNAL h265 YiFi ACs eztv","neutral"
"Nononononoyes their doing this knowing that they are going to kill the bull no matter what, he deserves it.","anger"
"You clearly don’t trust him. Separate before it gets too comfortable to stay.","neutral"
"Yeah [NAME] is a pretty weird guy.","approval"
"Yeah wat a fucking knob right? Fucking nick...","anger"
"I don’t think that tells us any moralising lesson on the practice of incest.","disapproval"
"I think I like em even more lol","approval"
"Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.","fear"
"Why on earth would that happen? Do you really just discard all reality and think of things in terms of a pantomime?","curiosity"
"They don't care, even if that involves bringing any idiot in regardless what they tag along and other tenants have to suffer until or if they move.","neutral"
"It is a cult, and if the cultists don't keep feeding the delusion they will start doubting their beliefs. ","approval"
"Wow, well I think that game just aged me 5 years...","realization"
"I'm the first one, so that's wrong. Party affiliation =/= political leaning","annoyance"
"This team was nowhere near legendary, filled with legends sure, but incredibly disappointing.","disappointment"
"Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk. ","neutral"
"I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.","joy"
"If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.","disapproval"
"I never knew how, but I often get in situation where I find myself with 2 tops on me (and mostly not on dating sites)","confusion"
"[NAME], I'm excited to watch your journey and hope you have massive success! ","excitement"
"You have sound advice. Thank you. Another issue I have is this is an entire state away from us. A minimum 4 hour drive.","disappointment"
"At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.","annoyance"
"I like the reference to the Good Place :)","love"
"lol why would we leave the PL’s top scorer on the bench","amusement"
"You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.","disapproval"
"Whichever was toxic first, easy. This is why we ONLY camp when one of them is toxic first.","optimism"
"Part cat? Haha his front paws look like cat paws. Such a fluffy boy.","neutral"
"Oh man, you got me there with the image","embarrassment"
"Apparently the bull shark is hyper aggressive due to the amount of testosterone it has. They're basically roid-heads in perpetual roid-rage with massive teeth.","neutral"
"That sentence is wrong and the burn is a little obvious.","neutral"
"Funny thing is, I got mine today. Maybe it'll stop tonight?","amusement"
"So are leftists ones. You will get banned for disagreeing with someone REEEEing at trump.","disapproval"
">Sorry, but any city that had any kind of ~~epidemic in its~~ history will have bunches of dead people buried under it.","annoyance"
"You should stop visiting it then no?","neutral"
"Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.","love"
"Glad *you* find it funny!! You've ruined my morning!!","amusement"
"Bzzzzt, try again","neutral"
"I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.","joy"
"Best comment ever.","admiration"
"This sounds rough","annoyance"
"That's quite a lot worse tbh","approval"
"You mean me? Said the same thing as you did lol","amusement"
"two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case","neutral"
"Keep your expectations low and you're less likely to be disappointed?","neutral"
"Is that [NAME]","neutral"
"One of the best photos I’ve seen of the Arch. Breathtaking.","admiration"
"Big breasts!","neutral"
"Crackin open a cold one with the boys Great photo OP","neutral"
"*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.","caring"
"I wish him good luck trying to get the video back but his chances are quite low. It's one man versus a corporate empire.","disappointment"
"People are idiots....sheep don't magically become independent thinkers just because their food source changes","annoyance"
"thats why I wear my mute button out.","neutral"
"I would do it but honestly I don't have any other [RELIGION] friends.","disapproval"
"Ooh, political posturing! This accomplishes so much!","neutral"
"I don't think this happened at all tbh","disappointment"
"Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.","approval"
"If you are still trying to lose weight you could post it with a comment about how you found it an inspiration to drive you forward.","neutral"
"Child: Dad, what's science? Dad: I don't know son, we're republican.","neutral"
"I focus on the pain","caring"
"I knew I'd see him here eventually. I really like his animations. They're cute and funny","joy"
"In many circles this would be considered a steal","disapproval"
"I thought about it but I wanted a sub that didn't exist.","neutral"
"Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.","admiration"
"That's not how tl;dr's work","confusion"
"Didnt know that, just saw "LG" devices and got nervous. Bummer for you though, that sucks :/","disapproval"
"Maybe it has something to do with difficulty? I'm playing on hard. Just did another quest in this line, also gave me 407. Weird. ","confusion"
"They are. Primates (humans being the exception) dont hug like that when they're happy.","neutral"
"Welcome back [NAME]!! You sexy Brazilian SON OF A BITCH","admiration"
"My life is complete","joy"
"K... I guess I'll just take your work for it.","approval"
"Looks fake as she flinches before the ball hits her.","neutral"
"Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off","confusion"
"Actually you're a [NAME] if you aren't for exterminating the 'wrong inherently evil and guilty race'.","annoyance"
"[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers! ","caring"
"The clothing comes in individual plastic bag from manufacture, but I do agree with the plastic packaging for the jewelry. That amount of plastic is unnecessary.","approval"
"Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically","disgust"
"Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!","gratitude"
"But that situation is not really what you are talking about, is it?","confusion"
"just wait till [NAME] gets his less than 10 years deal.","neutral"
"Keeps going tho. Kids got heart","disappointment"
"That's definitely sexism, same with that ad","neutral"
"It's a loooong story with some awkward weirdness haha","disgust"
"We lap up the bitter tears of misguided young men, some weird stuff in here.","annoyance"
"I enjoy therapy...everyone's different I guess...I don't think there really is any other alternative....sexual abuse need professional help.","embarrassment"
"In the wild, it’s expected that something unexpected will always happen i guess ","optimism"
"Just don’t bother. Let them have their hateful circle jerk. When they lock eyes while coming, that’s their favorite.","neutral"
"Damn. Really?","annoyance"
"Thank you so much for this post. You wrote what I always thought and couldn't describe.","disappointment"
"Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year","joy"
""A lot can change in 365 days. Hang in there."","optimism"
"I cant wait. I'm curious if it will give us any more insight into the incident other than what we already know.","curiosity"
"Uhhhhh...it ain't cheaper than upstate especially the Syracuse, Rochester, and Buffalo area. It's much more expensive. ","anger"
"The wage, you Fucking troll. But you don't care do you? See your post history.","anger"
"Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.","realization"
"For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.","amusement"
"No seriously, the is a Java.net library. part of jdk since 7 oder something. ","disapproval"
"One ️ig shlong","neutral"
"this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.","disgust"
"This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming","admiration"
"I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .","disgust"
"That’s nightmare fuel right there","neutral"
"Now this exactly what I came to this sub for","neutral"
"Always look before you jump.","caring"
"depending on his age there might still be hope. brain development supposedly stops around age 25 so if he gets ample simulation and nutrients perhaps there can be hope","optimism"
"[NAME]? I really want to but never have. I hear it can help with depression a bit.","nervousness"
"Free dog!","neutral"
"My girlfriend hates it when I'm playing videogames, so there are definitely some women, especially from certain cultures that think video games are just for kids. ","neutral"
"I had a similar problem. Turned out to be technology, and overstimulation. Turned off the screens before dinner and had much better sleep.","disgust"
"Happy New Year you wonderful mummy you! I was thinking about you today and hoping you were doing okay ☺","excitement"
"Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey","neutral"
"Oops, guess youre straight now!","realization"
"This is pretty funny","amusement"
"Most valuable comment","neutral"
"Thank you so much! Yes that’s what I think I’ll do wait for him to make a move... the waiting part sucks. lol","amusement"
"[NAME] damn you're toxic asf","annoyance"
"Thanks for sharing! I've got some smoothie recipes to start me out and the one I bought today at a local shop seemed to help a bit.","gratitude"
"So his aunt? I think I followed that.","approval"
""In Scotland, the word 'fuckin'' is just a warning that a noun is on the way" -[NAME]","neutral"
"What comment.. When he said I dont think so, or when he realized he was on TV then said I cant say ","realization"
"Now we've come full circle","approval"
"There is a bud superhighway called Interstate 80 that connects PA to CO.","approval"
"She had a reality show that actually showed her in the act doing horrible stuff","surprise"
"So many questions unanswered. Poor guy.","neutral"
"Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!","love"
"Like racism? No thanks.","love"
"Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.","admiration"
"Kinda both, they maintain a pin-up section in their newspaper bizarrely enough. Not like any of the credible newspapers in the province ever needed that.","neutral"
"I actually like my vagina... I suspect it’s actually my husband that is the problem","annoyance"
"[NAME]. Haha r u [NAME]??","neutral"
""Oh, when you were an infant you wanted to be around me ALL THE TIME! Your evil wife must be why you changed!" ","anger"
"Disgusting. This is blatant nepotism, and that man should be ashamed.","anger"
"Hold on to your butts!","caring"
"I don't know why, but the thought of that hat on smoke makes me smile...","joy"
"My condolences.","disappointment"
"I've had sex with somewhere between 30-35 women, 100's of times total, since we've been married. Never cheated once. *Swinger things*","neutral"
"Not true at all","disapproval"
"That's an odd context for "cockblocked"","neutral"
"It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill","anger"
"Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊","caring"
"Yea they seemed basically the same age while they were getting their scrogg on all over Lian Yu.","neutral"
"He knows he's not playing as well as he should be. By that logic [NAME] wants out so he should go too.","disapproval"
"yeah i am using the regular blue black deck. But is it really that bad.","excitement"
"It's in my garage. Couldn't be any easier to access it.","neutral"
"Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too","approval"
"Interesting that the starters are out there in a blowout on the first night of a back to back, [NAME] must be trying to send a message to them","curiosity"
"The number of songs I've written that no one will hear. I've been working on some for 8+ years.","neutral"
"Great, now this song will be stuck in my head for the next 2 weeks. ","admiration"
"No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.","disapproval"
"No no no. They only have no worth if they don’t support [RELIGION].","disapproval"
"If you don't mind cutting your life opportunities by 3/4 go for it.","realization"
"And will gore you bad if you don't drop them first.","approval"
"> To say NDP foreign policy consistently supports non-interventionism is absurd Um, [NAME], OP never said that. He only referred to this one specific situation. ","neutral"
"Or at the very least, why can't healers have HAMMERS!? (... I miss Legion :(]","neutral"
"[NAME] man...try passing it to the place where you don’t think he’ll be","neutral"
"Kill it with fire.","anger"
"In Rainbow is super amazing album as well.","admiration"
"You must be fun at parties","amusement"
"What was fluky about the 2012 Quakes? They won fair and square and they did it the MLS way","admiration"
"Oh wow- some truly have crazy different genetics. I’m glad you got her a friend, I’m sure it helps immensely. ","admiration"
"He told you to handle it, you did. If he doesn't like it, he should've taken care of it.","neutral"
"You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.","disapproval"
"Nevermind, I see now Yikers ","annoyance"
"Careful - that shit can get you thrown in jail.","neutral"
"I feel ya :/","neutral"
"LOL you are mental ,love it","amusement"
"Why stop there","neutral"
"You're so cool.","excitement"
"Love the gif but I bloody hate these kinds of captions. It's as annoying and cringey as a fully grown adult doing baby-talk.","anger"
"That doesn't make the kid stupid though. That makes him a baby.","neutral"
"ASMR is a weird sexual fetish for incels, and dont let anyone try and convince you otherwise.","disapproval"
"And if they got it, they'd get destroyed and whine about how the judge was deep state or something.","approval"
"Would love to have him come back to the organization in some way. GOAT.","love"
"Gnostic atheist here. This is a great summary!","admiration"
"The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.","neutral"
"Nope. Don't need rewards at all.","disappointment"
"Wow! I didn't even know there was a handball world championship.","surprise"
"Lol they’re so caught. “It’s not what it looks like! We hate each other!”","neutral"
"Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.","disapproval"
"That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...","neutral"
"0 <----- This is how many people were surprised","surprise"
"His interviews are so awkward","disapproval"
"I tripped off 540mg of Robocough and my oil pen last night. It was absolutely wild like damn","annoyance"
"Busy? Focused on long-term goals?","neutral"
"If too many medical professionals die then life will be worse as we cannot get medical treatment","anger"
"Wish they would of given air vehicles some love. A lot of ace pilots hated the game.","desire"
"Like this game from a week ago? 26 points 14","approval"
"Stop attacking me","disapproval"
"35k? That's just crazy. Mine was less than 2k, and that includes the wedding dress.","surprise"
"Pls shut up","annoyance"
"Feeling insecure now","nervousness"
"That’s rude af. Slay him with your words. Give him every insult in the book then say bye bye","anger"
"You're an awful human being.","disgust"
"Love me some FA cup","love"
"What are you rambling on about","curiosity"
"They are angry virgin children because he plays the game like it was supposed to be played. SOT has the most pathetic community ever.","anger"
"Smh. Can y’all stop being so hot? For real though congrats, you two look so happy together!","admiration"
"Excuse my wording. I should’ve said [NAME] all around game & unselfishness combined with [NAME] aggressiveness & scoring","remorse"
"[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.","neutral"
"Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.","approval"
"Beside the scene , the quality of the video was magnificent","admiration"
"To match the Mets green st paddy’s jerseys","neutral"
"Maybe they actually went to help the guy who fell instead of just filming?","confusion"
"Right? I hear too many horror stories of people ordering online and not getting the copy on the release date. I would be so pissed.","anger"
"It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype","neutral"
"Delusion at its finest","admiration"
"Thank goodness :D","gratitude"
"The problem they have is... They "knew" [NAME] would win.","disapproval"
"Hey man skol vikings. Support however you’d like, just as long as you support ","approval"
"How do you think this would have went if those two switched roles? Probably not as smooth huh","curiosity"
"It was believable until the “almost got beat up after class” part","neutral"
"And what I really want is to have time only for myself, without wasting it at work","neutral"
"> bacon You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention","curiosity"
"Is this [NAME] brother??","curiosity"
"Hope his bare hands are as clean as the griddles. Ready to eat foods need to be handled with gloves . Very cool machine though .","admiration"
""Those [NAME] can't take an empty gesture."","neutral"
"That guy at the start with the hat reminds me of [NAME]","amusement"
"we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.","anger"
"Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.","sadness"
"He must simply be known as [NAME], all the greats are known by a single name.","admiration"
"[NAME] is ugly btw","fear"
"Bit salty about that karma mate","annoyance"
"That's fair, but it's gotta suck being one round off the qualifier and then watching your teammates go anyway without you.","approval"
"Cause schools the world over teach a unit about Alaska. OP is an oaf who's never left their hometown.","neutral"
"I highly doubt that the ChiSox offered him anything more than $210m. Either way it’s inexcusable for the yanks not to match","neutral"
"Thanks for the resources!","gratitude"
"Yikes. Be careful out there.","neutral"
"I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening","gratitude"
"I agree 100%","approval"
"cant wait for their collective breakdown if she goes home","neutral"
"Even when drinking, I would remember that D is 13, not 14. Semper Nerdalis.","optimism"
"I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway","joy"
"You forgot to put "armchair" in front of your name.","neutral"
"I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.","approval"
"The Patriots dethroned the Rams and the greatest show on turf, it'd be cool for the Rams to do the same now.","optimism"
"Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words. ","approval"
"felt like that shot by palms was our first in a while","admiration"
"And that's why he's always injured","caring"
"B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.","neutral"
"Where did he say he's superior to [NAME], anyway? ","confusion"
"Looks weirdly fake Edit: turns out it’s real","surprise"
"I hope The pelicans trade him and [NAME] if they trade [NAME]. Hate to see them waste away in NO","disapproval"
"Had my suspicions but didn't want to mindread such a civilized honest actor.","disapproval"
"I’m thinking so, since the sides are spiky and somewhat serrated.","neutral"
"Haha yes. Thank you. No accidents, so it went well 😂😂","gratitude"
"You're telling me you dont get your meth from there?","neutral"
"More of us than you'd probably think. Vocal minority and whatnot.","neutral"
"That was jarring indeed. But why he wearing a mask?!?!?!","annoyance"
"Ok what deal would you like to see made?","curiosity"
"That's an adorable horsie","love"
"this guy is such a douchebag","annoyance"
"My wife is not allowed to flick my ears for any reason, and apparently I'm not allowed to stick my finger into her bellybutton lmao.","neutral"
"I never feel a connection or when I do I push them away.","approval"
"My sentiments.","neutral"
"But they didn't because it's fake.","neutral"
"That’s not proof.","disapproval"
"Anecdotal evidence.","neutral"
"Weird flex.","neutral"
"Thank you. I'll definately be sure to pick up that book sometime.","gratitude"
"Love the [NAME]. They have a great dynamic and it looks like a genuine friendship.","love"
"Eh. People really are judgemental towards "hoes", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex.","annoyance"
"Nah, there's no such message.","neutral"
"Omg yes lol it’s the story of my life","amusement"
"That's the highest resolution version of that I've seen.","approval"
"[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list","approval"
"How does that work? If in every measurable way, its bread and wine, how can you claim its actually [NAME] body and blood?","confusion"
"Do not defend yourself.","neutral"
"WTH?! Sorry, but you might need better friends! That is wrong. So wrong. ","neutral"
"but she has the riders of [NAME]","approval"
"Never once is it implied that the birds can sense crazy people.","amusement"
"Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up","neutral"
"Facts have no relevence here, you cannot use them.","approval"
"[NAME] in drag.","neutral"
"No... that's literally our first rule.","disapproval"
"Would love to see [NAME] pull up in a Tesla that was blocks by the truck guys.","excitement"
"I was ok till that last one.","approval"
"27 too many","realization"
"I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too. ","love"
"Megatron hanging out with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]. This is like a fever dream","neutral"
"Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.","optimism"
"I like the high ground suggestion. Thanks","gratitude"
"Thanks for the hug matey :)","gratitude"
"Yeeeaaaah, move out and keep showing off the clam.","caring"
"If it’s so in demands why are you posting that you can only get unpaid internships","annoyance"
"So would you want [NAME] first round, [NAME] second then this guy in the third?","curiosity"
"It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.","annoyance"
"That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.","sadness"
"When you didn't get a chance to play yesterday and only have 5 minutes before the tier skip ends","neutral"
"This video was close to being the most famous video in history","admiration"
"Great now my child is crying","admiration"
"It was like fifteen minutes old, I doubt that many individual people cared to click in the first place. Also different account names kept responding.","neutral"
"Your mom is putting actual effort into having a relationship with you, you insufferable donut. ","anger"
"[NAME] is giving me the 2016 AO vibes... hope he doesn't get injured again","caring"
"This one is by [NAME] !! Good suggestion, relates to me lmao","approval"
""You know, this should have never happened." Well no shit you dumb ass!","annoyance"
"thats.... not the type of disco that i remember","disapproval"
"Thanks for sharing your thought. You have a fair and reasonable perspective. Happy New Year!","admiration"
"So proud our sub is leaking into facebook","neutral"
"Thank you. I truly apologize for breaking the rules and I appreciate you making an exception!","gratitude"
"Hope he takes a break before managing again... I love the guy but he needs to update/reevaluate some of his tactics and methods","love"
"1 month feels like 200 years? School must suck","annoyance"
"Shut the fuck up, loser.","anger"
"yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots","neutral"
"Guys don’t typically pick up random women at night unless it’s a prostitute.","neutral"
"My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.","fear"
"I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.","desire"
"Could be epileptic too. My friend is and he used to have hallucinations before and around sleep.","neutral"
"I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.","joy"
"Hysterical!!!!","neutral"
"Why are they asking women and nonwhites specifically?","neutral"
"a romantic one :)","neutral"
"So, I'm wondering if there's something I can use for this project that will help you if it's solid.","curiosity"
"The point is still moot tho so whats it matter","confusion"
"I loathe him too, but I couldn't even get on board with lynching him. Not even that obnoxious twat [NAME]","annoyance"
"Of course these are all conspiracy theory shitposts BUT just because he got squeezed out, doesn’t mean they want him playing for a rival team.","approval"
"[NAME] always looks like he just got handed a test and he realized he studied all the wrong material.","realization"
"Was that before or after he murdered over a million [NAME]?","neutral"
"I just want the 24 best players...no more weird guidelines to keep deserving guys out","disgust"
"It's not so uplifting that it's guaranteed to die in the Senate...","disappointment"
"Organs are literal superfoods and it weirds me out there hasn't been some fad diet with them yet.","embarrassment"
"This is why I clean my belly button every day. That’s disgusting","disgust"
"i thought it was very coincidental that i was listening to 808’s while doing this bullshit and that this question popped up unexpectedly. made me smile","joy"
"Fcuk you.","anger"
"I'm paranoid that I might not have all of them. A download would be helpful!","caring"
"Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol","amusement"
"I can scream HEH MOOMEN","neutral"
"PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.","admiration"
"Anybody know why [NAME] sat the second half? It wasn't like anybody else was burning it up.","neutral"
"He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME]","admiration"
"[NAME] won it last year, even with all our goal kickers. Didn't think it would happen again with our set up.","neutral"
"Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands. ","gratitude"
"I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!","gratitude"
"I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit","curiosity"
"You monster! Think of the children!","neutral"
""are you related?" "No" "Are you <more specific type of related>?"","neutral"
"Dead Island 2 is in developent hell still. They just changed devs again.","anger"
"Liberals have become the very thing they accuse everyone else of. Being intolerant and racist.","annoyance"
"Lol I have my moments!","annoyance"
"There's definitely something sovcit going on here.","curiosity"
"Chances are we either push for the playoffs or we start a rebuild that neither McDavid nor Draisatl will be happy to be around for.","confusion"
"He’s jackin’ him off! Giving him the Bolton Special no doubt.","neutral"
"GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK","grief"
""And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."","admiration"
"Beast milk. My favourite!","love"
"How can we send money to you?","confusion"
"Ok but it's pretty cute too","love"
"I thought [NAME] had said he hoped to stay in Ottawa? I'd love if they signed him though.","realization"
"That sounds awesome actually","approval"
"I'm right there with you on the acting. Never thought I would be able to pull it off.","approval"
"The fact you can remember the games he blew shows how great he was and how few and far between they were.","optimism"
"You’re a moron. That is called extortion and it is a crime here in Canada. [NAME] would have been locked up within hours...","neutral"
"That’s unfortunate","sadness"
"Are you assuming that all of [NAME] friends are mutual friends of whoever took this screenshot?","neutral"
"Give me $100 and I'll text you something fun. Sounds like paid sexting to me.","realization"
"I LOVE THIS TEAM","love"
"Under rated reference.","neutral"
"You're going to be free one day, but never if you stop trying. Every weeks a new week, goodluck !","realization"
"[NAME] was damn near 293 hoopin? Im dyin.","curiosity"
"Yes, your trolling is very good. You’re so brave for giving us the opportunity to downvote your sock account to hell.","neutral"
"I hope you aren’t saying that there is no co-relation between imperialism/colonialism and standards of living in the West, in this case Britain.","neutral"
"I dont see a blue line connecting them i see each mine has a little line coming out but on my screen they arent touching","neutral"
"Still, anytime I want to have sex with a man, it would qualify as a sin. ","neutral"
"You cannot open or keep it. You can send it RTS.","neutral"
"Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub","sadness"
"[NAME] doesn’t care if you drink tea. I would tell him how you feel. Keeping you in my thoughts.","neutral"
"This is even remotely funny","amusement"
"Yea it’s a bit creepy","fear"
"Say what? He has been playing for epsilon till now. Never seen some real accusations on him cheating. I think you should read some more.","surprise"
"Tell her youre sleeping with someone else. You're a jerk if you don't see why that's important information.","approval"
"Sounds to me like you don't *really* want to take that job in Hawaii, lol.","neutral"
"Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.","approval"
"This is obviously ironic","approval"
"You sound like a douche.","relief"
"I think there was a review saying it didn't go far enough with its pro-environmentalist message, maybe that's what they are referring to.","neutral"
"Pull that sucker right up to your face","annoyance"
"She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!","neutral"
"Im glad to hear it !!!","joy"
"That’s gotta hurt.","caring"
"HOW DARE YOU!!","anger"
"Started feeling smug about my short showers but then remembered just how small my water heater is.","annoyance"
"These are completely unrelated. Please review","disapproval"
"I have [NAME] hat so I could marry it, flip it and kill it","approval"
"Plant-based = auto healthy Also that counts as fermented right? K vitamins boys","neutral"
"Yes every time","neutral"
"nice ideas! looking good.","admiration"
"lmao he deleted his reddit account after his main got exposed, and now is making an ass out of himself in the steam forums thread again","amusement"
"Wow, you've had your arms open for a long time... Okay! *collapses into your arms*","realization"
"It's always something with AM though isn't it","neutral"
"If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years. ","neutral"
"Man I hate double standards. I love the show but change the word ‘white’ to ‘black’ and it’s suddenly not funny anymore","disapproval"
"Brother, we've been separated.","disappointment"
"To be fair, [NAME] is an amazing broadcaster.","neutral"
"Weld up some Ironman armor.","neutral"
"minorities can't be racist","neutral"
"Let's hope January treats us a little better than December.","optimism"
"Yeah thank you you ungrateful bast.....","anger"
"The concern is that there is a very high likelihood of his health deteriorating in one way or another before he can complete two full terms.","caring"
"No,no, you are right we should murder everyone we hate other wise hateful people win. ","anger"
"Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.","gratitude"
"I gotcha. Why do you think you’re driving them away though? I feel like you’re blaming yourself way more than you should be","neutral"
"[NAME] voice acting in this is just brilliant.","admiration"
"Why ask other than to be rude?","neutral"
"Just gotta injure 3 more","nervousness"
"Sometimes I get jealous of [NAME].","joy"
"What a garbage post","disappointment"
"I love how serious and mad cats get when the dog starts messing around with them all playful","neutral"
"He's an angry elf","neutral"
"Just from this video I can conclude that Saquon is a better DB than BW Webb is.","approval"
"That's probably the price a [NAME] pays to rent the Trump Hotel D.C. Ballroom for a cocktail party. Whoop de fucking doo.","anger"
"So he “wants to be in Denver”. Hooray. Can we hire the best guy instead?","curiosity"
"People like you with premature ejaculation and poor hygiene should not write long posts. Am I doing it right?","disapproval"
"im sure he started that line with his own hard earned money","admiration"
"Anyone have that mirror?","curiosity"
"Couldnt find this one in google, where abouts is it?","confusion"
"i want the little polly pocket heart purse so bad but i ain't paying hot topic $40 for it","annoyance"
"Next time just donate to charity, I find that I ruin less coffee's that way.","neutral"
"You are gone right now probably my trip is just kicking in i took half that amount lol cuz im low you are having a hell of a ride rn","nervousness"
"Didn't know she was a life long canucks fan, or alive in the 70s. Looks really young for her age","admiration"
"That sounds terrifying. I hope you and the little one are OK.","fear"
"Death by snu snu","fear"
"I don't see a mom referring to a group chat as a "thread".","neutral"
"Lol, that slomo","amusement"
"Keep telling yourself that","neutral"
"If I get 100 points on this comment I will make this app for Android. (I am an Android developer)","approval"
"Don't do #4 it's bullshit","anger"
"Yeah seriously! I saw the controller and I thought "don't do it, don't do it!"","fear"
"no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!","caring"
"I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.","joy"
"Does this remind anyone else of the Rublev USO17 QF? [NAME] is obviously further along than [NAME] but you can't argue against the results...","annoyance"
"You mean more handouts than they already get?","curiosity"
"I said that weeks ago","approval"
"world war 2???","neutral"
"Cc issue was never meant to be fixed in this patch, its a server side update, they already did one.","neutral"
"Share the google slide link with us OP","desire"
"We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you","caring"
"I lol'd bigly an atempted to reverse your downdoots","amusement"
"It’s only the 3rd safest car ever tested, can’t take any chances!","pride"
"All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.","disappointment"
"Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.","embarrassment"
"Respect for the person to let you know upfront.","admiration"
"They’re just insecure tbh","neutral"
"I'm the one who died inside here","sadness"
"Why did we have [NAME] that one year shoot against Draymond. I dunno because its entertainment and story lines.","amusement"
"Needs funny captions.","neutral"
"Bear in mind the first sighting was at 9pm, hard to get good footage after sunset","realization"
"Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.","realization"
"How this post is still up??🤔🤔","confusion"
"READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.","anger"
"I hate losing to the Blackhawks like I love my wife: Intensely.","desire"
"Didn't even notice until you *pointed* it out. I had a bit of a giggle.","amusement"
"Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...","disgust"
"I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!","joy"
"You are what's ruining America","neutral"
"Wow what's it like to be so petty? (Fixed)","curiosity"
"Matchroom squad dismiss [NAME] as not existing anymore, the sky media influence is scary ","disappointment"
"Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.","admiration"
"That poster is amazing. He needs to sell these online!","admiration"
"I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters","desire"
"Look at CBG as well. It's got anti inflammatory properties. Wifey feels its the best medicine for her cramps.","optimism"
"I love the vid, I just wish it was longer ;_;","desire"
"Did he just get fat? What caused him to fall off so much? It's amazing how quickly he flamed out.","curiosity"
"Sorry but $200 wouldn’t help. Good bye beautiful world!! I’m gonna pray to the ether god to help me :)","admiration"
"Condoms protect against most STDs.","caring"
"Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right","disapproval"
"Good to know you have such a strong opinion on someone you dont know or a situation you know nothing about. Good on you for being so arrogant.","embarrassment"
"CLG, because I love Biofrost. Especially against [NAME]. They really are still friends ","neutral"
"I've definitely erected something in his honor but idk about a statue","neutral"
"In "modern" copies of MGS 3, you can find a way to play music out of it that they can?","confusion"
"This is nonsense. How is some random noise "proof" of anything? How is this relevant to this subreddit?","annoyance"
"Focus on yourself and not on finding a relationship. It sounds like you have a lot of personal issues to work on and are projecting your problems.","caring"
"No usable cure was found for TB until 1945.","disappointment"
"You monster, I hate it. Well played.","admiration"
"It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.","anger"
"i was planning on getting smashed but instead i'm sober...... no bullshit whatsoever","approval"
"I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. "To the ____ who ____"","amusement"
"`Omnialternative` Thanks, I hate it.","gratitude"
"Hi [NAME]!","neutral"
"I'm in production in manufacturing.","neutral"
"I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.","disapproval"
"Philly and Shock seem to be reliant on having extremely good DPS, so they could be at a disadvantage in goats.","neutral"
"I think I met you. Sorry if I was a bit standoffish.","confusion"
"I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(","caring"
"I suggest going to the food carts. Buy some legal weed. Enjoy the bars. Go to Washington Park.","joy"
"Vancouver is even more ridiculous.","annoyance"
"No, that's how you find the nurses who work at Vanderbilt Medical Center","disapproval"
"Woke is realizing the world doesnt revolve around you at its most basic level. Thats dumb?","curiosity"
"Remindme! 5 months","neutral"
"i agree he is pretty average but the guy i was responding him was calling him ugly which i find pretty ridiculous","amusement"
"Terribly sad story. I loved it.","love"
"Hey don't insult troglodytes like that. I'm sure they would have wanted vaccines","annoyance"
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid "guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??" posts are the absolute worst","disgust"
"It's not really controversial any year, but he's commentating a game with [NAME] in it. He has the counterpoint right in front of him.","approval"
"Lip piercings would be painful bloody and easily pulled out... Nipple piercings hurt tremendously if ripped and are also easily ripped out","approval"
"Yes, when I need to get my jush, it’s freaking epic.","admiration"
"That sucks. I had to deal with something similar. Sorry you go through this.","disgust"
"What's where the underwater level is.","neutral"
"I think he acted that part pretty well","neutral"
"I like to laugh","love"
"Wow, guess my penis is small after all..","excitement"
"Copy pasta?","neutral"
"Here’s hoping!","optimism"
"That’s impressive. I haven’t picked up a book in over a year.","approval"
"Yeah, you gotta have the whole saga. Had em pressed on BluRay with the menus and everything to give to my dad for Christmas","neutral"
"Just reading this makes me sick","disappointment"
"Which company? Tell us, they can't do shit.","annoyance"
"I agree but I can’t force him.","approval"
"If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry","remorse"
"Hunting would at least be more rewarding and fun. Every time I wanna meal prep in RDO I just horseback ride and lock-on to deer.","joy"
"he didnt miss that","neutral"
"Yesterday. All my troubles seemed so faaar away. Now it looks though that they're here to stay. Oh I believe, in yesterday. ","optimism"
"Way far down for the usual RVA hype train","neutral"
"Vegas favorite getting No picks. That's gotta be pretty unusual","neutral"
"The left really needs to co-opt “Gamers Rise Up!”","neutral"
"it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT","disapproval"
"No way! I never would have made that connection lol","amusement"
"You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you","embarrassment"
"Taxation is not an aspect of socialism","neutral"
"Man I know youre joking but they swept us and still got the better pick. Pretty lame.","anger"
"B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.","disapproval"
"CBP are doing great work here. Well worth giving them some cash, can't wait to go visit","admiration"
"Im not saying it wont be self titled, I could totally see that. What just asking how he knew it was "fact"","approval"
"Was he captioning something related to "Xcept me Im smurt hurr hurr" with this meme sent? No one's being exceptional in this meme tho.","neutral"
"What? That is the most recent big meme, it's not cringy","surprise"
"Okay, I'll try to find one. Sorry about that.","remorse"
"St. Anger and All Nightmare Long are my favorite albums :))","joy"
"A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.","disgust"
"I like how the Red Tie Legion chose a picture where he’s tieless for their shitty-ass meme.","joy"
"The last time it happened I just said, "No" and closed the door","neutral"
"Carlton back to back wooden spooners. Champions of the bottom.. :)","admiration"
"I can say when I was 16 I never did anything even remotely as hateful as what these kids did. It's really easy.","approval"
"This is the first time I'm seeing this. This definitely what I would call toxic masculinity.","neutral"
"That's good to hear. I'm admittedly highly judgmental about this kind of thing but I'm trying to open up my mind a bit.","approval"
"Exactly. It's rediculous","anger"
"You had me at Atheism... Invite to discord","neutral"
"How about catching the tines of your fork on a small hole and hearing it scrape across four other holes?","neutral"
"Say it with me now: WE 👏LOVE 👏PAT 👏C 👏AND 👏WE 👏DON’T 👏CARE 👏WHO 👏KNOWS 👏","neutral"
"Got any examples?","neutral"
"There's so many! Auntie [NAME] and Dame [NAME] are two of the best. But personally, the bass player from Spiderbait, [NAME].","neutral"
"Vegas favorite getting No picks. That's gotta be pretty unusual","approval"
"I’m glad you fixed Minnesota, because there is a 0% chance we will go Red.","relief"
"It looked sarcastic, you're not in the wrong","realization"
"Optimism dial at 13, absolute mad man","neutral"
"You're welcome! And whoops, my bad. I did not know that, thank you. I edited it up above.","gratitude"
"Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.","neutral"
"DoorDash can deliver my White Castle's at 3am, that makes me happy","admiration"
"Happy New Year you wonderful mummy you! I was thinking about you today and hoping you were doing okay ☺","approval"
"Old toothless finally coming out of his den?","confusion"
"[NAME] has said he's giving it over to [NAME] for about 5 minutes now","neutral"
"lol I’m realizing that now!","amusement"
"Griefing your oponents is amazing fun in a pvp game. *Cheating* to grief is the problem being addressed here.","joy"
"College is a very lonely place. Very stressful, very lonely. [NAME]. Good luck out there man.","gratitude"
"no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((","fear"
"Ah yes. I remember we began with three.","realization"
"Yup, I'm sick with a mild cold","approval"
"As a biologist lol. What about hermaphrodites?","amusement"
"You've violated rule 4. Please adhere to the rules of engagement.","disapproval"
">The fact that you're unable to move past female firefighters See? I *WAS RIGHT.* You tuned out.","optimism"
"I thought it was 'You are only willing to help yourself'. I could be wrong though.","optimism"
"Hand ur phone to a buddy and let them send the text asking her out. Worst thing is she says no, but it's better then not knowing ","neutral"
"I had to watch this 5 times before i saw it lmao","neutral"
"He is looking for the one that is leaking information, he doesn't want to throw anyone under the bus on purpose","neutral"
"This joke is “the cheesiest”","remorse"
"She’s a good person who stands up for people not like her, and they can’t stand that.","admiration"
"Dude, just keep killing her with kindness. She's the one that looks bad, not you.","annoyance"
"That thread is rage-inducing","optimism"
"Nah I’d use this so the government doesn’t know things about me or my family.","neutral"
"I've never even been to these places much less actually done this but i feel personally attacked","annoyance"
"Killing goblins is not murder hoboing. [NAME] should have done that himself, really. ","realization"
"Was going to watch this but now you've said that I won't - brutal going back to that given the recent highs.","neutral"
"So bad its funny","amusement"
"My nightmares don't tend to be realistic, but many kid's toys can lose a piece and be swallowed. ","neutral"
"you won't change anything with such disdain for your fellow countrymen","neutral"
"/r/politics is an interesting thread regarding this.","joy"
"Now this is some good fucking content","admiration"
"that was such a misstep from their PR. wtf were they thinking people were expecting with a public countdown","anger"
"I think theres a line between edgy and racist that this meme clearly crosses. [NAME] is still funny, this is just racist.","neutral"
"LPT: If you need more money just get a better job that pays more!","approval"
"Also I've heard she owns a bag.","neutral"
"Wow! You definitely Trader Joes. Do they have chocolate covered pretzel balls? I have been looking for those forever.","curiosity"
"Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/","surprise"
"Give em [NAME] ball for [NAME] /s","neutral"
"I find this aspect of the law so ridiculous. I suppose pepper spray is lethal to people with respiratory conditions like asthma or certain rare allergies.","annoyance"
"San Junipero. What if old ladies could fuck, using the Matrix!?","curiosity"
"I don’t understand the point you’re making sorry","admiration"
"Oh word. Thanks for the heads up!","gratitude"
"Please tell me it opens up to a giant cave down there","fear"
"Nope, it’s love. ","love"
"I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.","disappointment"
"I like to imagine that it's just the same 2 incompetent drivers who live in the area and keep plowing into innocent cars at that one fateful intersection.","neutral"
"I thought this was a socialist Stossel-","neutral"
"I’d be verrrrrrrry nervous if we hired him. Would love him as an OC tho","love"
"I’ve never felt so blessed that I live in a country with wide open roads.","admiration"
"“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal","annoyance"
"Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness","disgust"
"lol reddit is for 10 year olds confirmed","amusement"
"We've actually got scientists working on that. If you're 23 right now and healthy, you've got a fairly good chance of not dying.","excitement"
"Good luck my dude, took me three OD's before I realized I should probably stop.","optimism"
"Notice how none of them have kids","neutral"
"Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.","caring"
"I came I saw He broke His jaw","neutral"
"Dammit!!!","annoyance"
"[NAME] fucking [NAME]. You'd think strangling someone until they're unconscious would be *attempted murder,* not just second degree assault.","anger"
"Interesting ideas and has a strong argument against postmodernism","annoyance"
"The workers are going hoooome","neutral"
"it is weird, looks like you have awesome internet","admiration"
"Macron 2.0 basically.","neutral"
"Been their. We got into a huge argument and that caused our first break up. Video games...","disappointment"
"I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.","disapproval"
"NBA is like Westworld only completely opposite. Every time you act like your true self you get a T lol","amusement"
"I have this problem but without caffeine","approval"
"You’re the meme this sub jokes about.","amusement"
"Went to school with her son. She is larger than life in person. Always swaying gracefully. It was crazy.","neutral"
"When you live where it's this cold, incessant complaining is a national pass time.","disgust"
"Keep crying about it. I’m sure the Yankees are reading this post and will take all your points to heart.","neutral"
"You are reduced to attacking men for their biology.","neutral"
"Looks like you don't have a story too.","curiosity"
"She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.","neutral"
"[NAME] is so daddy","neutral"
"I think I would spontaneously combust from sheer delight","confusion"
"Woah, dude. That's some research! You should totally make video essays and earn some bucks on YouTube.","approval"
"Oh yeah! If she had done full brows she would have been killin' it!","curiosity"
"Happy late birthday :) I hope you got to spend it with someone/doing something that makes you feel happy and whole.","joy"
"[NAME], back at it again with the awesome art.","admiration"
"Nah, my comment stands. Poor effort. ","approval"
"I'm sorry my Baby [NAME] joke made you so angry.","remorse"
"You’re crazy. The 2nd half adjustments that put them back in the game is why they belonged in the game.","neutral"
"[NAME] gets punched in the head and gets a penalty.","disappointment"
"My mom assumes that every guy I hang out with is automatically my boyfriend or someone I like.","neutral"
"Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia","neutral"
"That’s only really annoying if it’s excessively slow","neutral"
""[NAME] is gonna do something today. drop something that gives him bad press." ","neutral"
"I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.","nervousness"
"Hey [NAME], just wanted to say thanks for coming to Minnesota, that’s all :) ","gratitude"
"The FDA has plenty to criticize. But like here, it's usually criticized horribly off base. It needs to grow some balls and actually enforce things. ","anger"
"That baby needs a smacking","approval"
"Right? It looked wild AF for a baby shower lol","amusement"
"Oh look another stupid comment, original but not unexpected.","annoyance"
"Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion","approval"
"I didn't think I could love [NAME] any more. Is there a central repository for all of these battles","disapproval"
"40k concurrent viewers on twitch and 100,000s of views on multiple YouTube vids would argue your point ","neutral"
"Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.","gratitude"
"I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.","disapproval"
"We don't know what would have happened if she'd said no, which is why most guys wouldn't ask.","confusion"
"Me too, my sister and I thought we became idiots, we even googled shapes and their sides","amusement"
"ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)","approval"
"> No one bugs me. And yet you're scared to take your family in public because of Patriot Prayer?","approval"
"But her sister is so much better","admiration"
"The old “I had sex with your mom” joke. I chuckled a little.","amusement"
"There are two different accounts doing this shit atm. Go to r/delusionalartists and sort by new. These guys are being douchebags.","neutral"
"My mom used to throw tantrums in public. I wanted to crawl into a hole and die when she'd start.","neutral"
"[NAME] focus on local politics since it's the easiest to hide your cheating and corruption down there.","curiosity"
"You are my own side. I feel an affinity for this sub and want to make it a good experience for all.","desire"
"I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.","remorse"
"that's awesome-sometimes getting in the shower seems like an impossible undertaking but you did it","admiration"
"How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.","anger"
"This is where [NAME] from OC belongs.","neutral"
"We should urge him to run, put our Sorosbux to some good use.","optimism"
"Congratulations puppy, here have some cake.","excitement"
"Shooting dogs to make our country safe!","caring"
"[NAME] would be proud.","neutral"
"You seem jealous","neutral"
"My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.","neutral"
"So did mine! And I'm now one myself. Sending a trillion hugs and props to you!","joy"
"Only ever attracted to other non binaries? Homo simply means "same", so for a nonbinary, same would mean nonbinary","curiosity"
"No problem mate. If you're looking for activities, give these boys a look: ","approval"
"This makes me smile","joy"
"You gotta make yourself happy when no one else does","optimism"
"I'm sorry it happened like that for you. I really can't imagine.","sadness"
"Cries in Shinboner Spirit","remorse"
"Voting for representatives to govern on your behalf isn't direct democracy. That is when the people directly vote on issues themselves.","neutral"
"Fried Egg is my #1 since cricket cafe stopped doing breakfast sandwiches.","neutral"
"The fried baloney is amazing.","admiration"
"Rare just announced they plan to fix it but don't hold your breath it could be a month or more","optimism"
"Now it has 4.4k, someone help! Send updoots!","neutral"
"Myers Briggs test is like the star sign for a different kind of nerd","neutral"
"Interesting situation. You're actually supporting a strong awesome woman, but everyone who sees you is just gonna think you're a misogynistic psycho.","admiration"
"I can when enough time has passed. I've got each of their playoff games from that year and it's fun to relive it during the offseason.","neutral"
"i don't love love love it","anger"
"I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate","remorse"
"Can I see it?","curiosity"
"I could never deface my car like that omg","sadness"
"A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?","annoyance"
"I need someone one step on my long tail real hard right about now.","desire"
"The rhetoric of a troll. That’s all you got?","neutral"
"“[NAME] Created Men and Cheats Made Them Equal!”","neutral"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** yosoyjackiejorpjomp! ^(hug)","joy"
"She has to learn to Let It Go.","relief"
"Doing homework and paying attention in class? Sounds like ADHD.","neutral"
"It was so frustrating seeing him overthrow people every week. I hope he makes that a point of focus this off-season.","annoyance"
"looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/","neutral"
"I missed that part unfortunately","disappointment"
"I just spit out my drink If I had money I would gold you I’m dead r/JesusChristReddit","neutral"
"Oi! It was my turn to post that this hour!","desire"
"They don't even have to do "both sides," just the truth!","annoyance"
"What about Post Morty?","curiosity"
"Sorry [NAME] is our best friend now","neutral"
"OK it should be 4 week Med Cert then 3 month Med Certs for Jobseeker Support with Medical Deferral, the Doctor can electronically send the forms thru to WINZ. ","neutral"
"I didn’t know that. Gtk","realization"
"I don't believe no one in your class thought of Mac or iPhone.","surprise"
"Ah it's the old one. First I can remember! Of course not the first. Or the last. Hard to keep track at times...","approval"
"Started as regular when I was younger but has since developed into full on macro. The internet will do that to you.","neutral"
"Ok good. Thanks for letting me know. I’m not very experienced with Reddit’s messaging/chat so I wasn’t sure.","confusion"
"This is honestly hilarious and will remain hilarious.... dare I say, forever!? Well done [NAME].","amusement"
"Exactly, but I guess I've gotten used to people forgetting the club exists haha","joy"
"HAHAHA YES MEYERS","amusement"
"Thank you for saying that I just haven’t felt right and I’m so sad constantly","gratitude"
"I'm pretty jelly now, lol. Esp. The pear shape 😧","admiration"
"Thank you, brother.","gratitude"
"Goldfish are awesome pets, they are cheaper to replace than they are to feed! :D","admiration"
"Triggered much druggie? Lol","amusement"
"She has naturally chubby cheeks that are set on high cheekbones. I've seen it before and it's not abnormal.","disapproval"
"Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!","neutral"
"[NAME] does not deserve to be with [NAME] just to be cleared. She forced herself and kissed him to prevent him from going to Zero Two.","neutral"
"Just a spat probably, nothing serious I'd think.","neutral"
"This is nightmare fuel","neutral"
"I'm glad they called it. Basketball is so dumb in that it's one of the few sports you're rewarding for committing a penalty.","neutral"
"Have some cold thoughts rather then having hot thots.","neutral"
"Lol not your picture mate","amusement"
"I think he's showing the scissor cutting himself in half to illustrate the type of discourse it produces when it cuts populations in half","neutral"
"Death approaches! -[NAME] 2013 (I think)","fear"
"This is turtle thing","neutral"
"Every single war fought on US soil","neutral"
"You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.","realization"
"Also went from being skinny and taking care of myslef to getting chubby, cutting all my hair off and barely showering. ","neutral"
"You don’t owe anyone your suffering or your future. Ever.","disapproval"
"BPC-157 may help you in healing. I wish you the best. You totally dodged several bullets.","neutral"
"It's genuinely disorientating to witness it.","confusion"
"Absolutely. If we plan on doing nothing, I’d be content buying myself some flowers and spending a night in taking care of my own business. ","approval"
"Twas delicious friend","admiration"
"It's a self-identifying group, and they have killed quite a bit of people in their crusade for revenge. It's both absolutely pathetic and absolutely terrifying.","disgust"
"Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances ","sadness"
"There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support. ","disappointment"
"So true it hurts.","disappointment"
"Thanks, dude. It means a lot : ) Hope you have a great week.","caring"
"I’m not sure how to feel after reading this... I will say that [NAME] and [NAME] would be an attractive couple.","approval"
"I've been getting it off from the West Wing since I discovered it after the election.","neutral"
"Need chemicals. Love it.","love"
"We've sucked ever since he got here. Just saying","disappointment"
"I felt that way last year and then the Patriots let me down, so best to take no chances.","neutral"
"Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.","remorse"
"Just got my nose pierced last week! So fun to have the freedom. :)","amusement"
"i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?","disappointment"
"The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.","neutral"
""there should not be capitol and a period on you previous" yeah ok bud also, instramentals btw ","neutral"
"i actually didnt know that there are people out there using quotation marks for emphasis until that weird [NAME] song","confusion"
"I like this response. I can’t give you gold but have some honorary gold.","admiration"
"Drunk [NAME] sounds like something I want to see","approval"
"Even the royals aren't immune to it.","admiration"
">Any [NAME] who is married will skip her Well just for fun let's talk for a moment. Going to send you a PM.","amusement"
"Whenever I hear about someone I haven’t previously and someone says wow really they’re a YouTube ________ I physically twitch","annoyance"
"The shocking conclusion.","fear"
"My earliest memory is being in a wooden crib and my mom screaming in my face at the top of her lungs. It didnt end there.","neutral"
"Bhahahahahahahahah. Right. Your attitude seems pissy.","annoyance"
"I was planning on saying don’t kinkshame me since I like guys of all sizes but what the fuckkkk","gratitude"
"I actually got one of those, really fucking good tbh","admiration"
"I was planning on saying don’t kinkshame me since I like guys of all sizes but what the fuckkkk","approval"
"I can finally play 'Kabhi kabhi aaditi'. Only hindi song I listen to.","approval"
"But how can a [NAME]?","neutral"
"It looks a little like the nubbin you see on some amputated arms. Right?","confusion"
"That's where your mind went? Most of us instantly think about Winnie the Pooh and the Hundred Acre Woods, man. What's wrong with you?","anger"
"All I can say for sure is that you are more likely to find it back in Korea than I France! Good luck mate","optimism"
"Yes. I often dream of death or further isolation","sadness"
"i want to believe that every1 on pc just really loves the nuketown "weekend" and will return to normal after the double xp goes away. ","love"
"I love [NAME].","love"
"This was literally me!","annoyance"
"So in other words you don’t have one? So much for attempting to be on the same page.","neutral"
"love how nobody decides to run over to him and help","love"
"I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.","annoyance"
"But primarily, you think external factors are a bigger factor. It's true, after all. ","approval"
""Yoohoo~ Remember,remember,the fifth of dismember!"","excitement"
"I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.","admiration"
"I have a [NAME] jersey for the same reason. Ugh.","excitement"
"Canada here, yup..... gods damned homophobic leftovers.","annoyance"
"> So having sex is a medical condition? no but std's are","confusion"
"Well, whaddaya know!","surprise"
"Omg!! They are kinda turning [NAME] into new [NAME].","surprise"
"It's also surprising that Valve released a dud game. Maybe it's time for Valve to grow up and introduce themselves to the digital communication age?","neutral"
"If I wanted to vote I would vote Labour. Some Conservative MPs are in the wrong party.","disappointment"
"You should tell the bison in Yellowstone they aren't really wild animals.","neutral"
"I'M HERE","neutral"
"Oh shit. You’re that bet welcher aren’t you?","annoyance"
"I think you both lose because they're at .500. I hope you both enjoy your Leafs pint glasses! Edit: thanks for Reddit Silver mysterious stranger!","neutral"
"Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.","approval"
"I'm not close with my family so option 1.","sadness"
"I work 12 hour shifts, and agree. Tea is life-saving.","joy"
"I would love to get microblading but its so iffy about if it’ll be good or not. I’ve seen a lot of terrible turn outs","fear"
"he's interested. maybe text him explaining what you're telling us just more concise","neutral"
"Yeah, a 'bungle' given how scummy Restaurant Brands has been known to be. ","embarrassment"
"I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.","love"
">on't have kids, they will. And the DNA will Well actually it probably will, we share dna with other animals for example","neutral"
"Rest can be so damn broken.","disappointment"
"Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?","gratitude"
"Love him! "Thank You God" is one of my favorites of his.","love"
"Women are nice. Except when they murder you.","neutral"
"It's prevalent in everything. WoW was incredible when it came out *because* everyone was garbage.","neutral"
"It's actually somewhat maddening to me that there are people who watch his video and actually think he is doing a public service. Yikes..","annoyance"
"Ice looks fine on my TV","neutral"
"Damn, ultimate efficiency.","admiration"
"Nah they’ll just show the one we got today, tomorrow on the WD, I have a feeling. ","approval"
"fantastic point!","admiration"
"This makes two times in the last 4 years that the #1 high school football player has came out of New Jersey , the other being [NAME]","neutral"
"Thank you UsurperRebellion, very cool!","gratitude"
"Eh. People really are judgemental towards "hoes", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex.","anger"
"This aged poorly","disappointment"
"I live next door to this, and I was up late.... How did I not hear this?","confusion"
"You're the best kind of person. I hope that you find great family and friends in your mother's family.","admiration"
"The old bait and switch.","neutral"
"Wonder if her steel balls make the same sound, clanging together, when they're frozen?","curiosity"
"My score per minute is terrible because I only snipe so asking the wrong person. Sorry dude","remorse"
"Really? First I’ve heard of it lol.","amusement"
"Weird, huh, how people always seem to look for ways to justify our per capita emissions. ","fear"
"Well I like [NAME] but other than her, I don't know any interesting asian youtubers. so help me out","admiration"
"Thanks for sharing. I've actually been to the Allen.","gratitude"
"Flush the toilet that's a deduction.","neutral"
"She should just go straight to therapy.","neutral"
"Yup, it may not look like much but it’s still statistically significant. That’s really bad for something being decided by a coin toss.","approval"
"If hes married and a decade down the road and tells her im sure itll be nothing more than a great laugh lol","amusement"
"i met the only girl on the planet who can deal with my headass and still look at me and tell me she loves my anyway","admiration"
"Yo your eyes are glued wide open like aderal and you move your head all the way back you are done","neutral"
"Omg. It's Viv from [NAME] !","excitement"
"Me and the hubby watch every friday. Lol","love"
">[NAME] in a confusion night, Um, she kissed him.","confusion"
"Peaky Blinders is the shit. I don't understand how there isn't more hype around this show.","annoyance"
"Maybe had a bad experience with [NAME]? But [NAME] and [NAME] still seemed like good friends what with [NAME] visiting the Solo set...","approval"
"Not needed position? What team have you been watching?","curiosity"
"We have [NAME] in Iowa, too bad this story doesn't affect US stores, I would be driving the extra distance to support these guys","caring"
"True :/","neutral"
"That’s just proof positive they aren’t meant to be.","neutral"
"I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]","love"
"Damn it, karen","neutral"
">the decades after WWII That includes 1950. If you want to insult me, read your own fucking post first","anger"
"They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*","admiration"
"It's bad that you're smoking weed. For minimal damage to your body, EDIBLES","neutral"
"I have the exact same issue and also had my ears checked recently but there is no issue with my hearing","neutral"
"Maybe divorce is a little extreme but I really dont know how to Express my feelings, and she doesn't get that","confusion"
"cool vid! but","excitement"
"Its more of a suggestion its not in forced at all i doubt a lot of people even see the quiet carriage sign","neutral"
"The comments on this have me rolling 🤣 more seriously though, I hope everyone’s alright!! ❤️","amusement"
"Do you mean a "theocracy"?","neutral"
"Let’s see if it’s a thing r/unexpectedjokers Edit: why am I not surprised also first try","realization"
"Oh I see","realization"
"Did [NAME] mention the astroturf pitch after today's comfortable 3-0 win? He certainly made a big fuss about it after the loss at Rugby Park.","neutral"
"Told ya.","neutral"
"Thanks for sharing. I've actually been to the Allen.","gratitude"
"Seriously. Where I’m from it’s Heinz or excommunication.","curiosity"
"Aren't we back where we started? I'd say that if you're OK with animal torture, you're a pretty cruel person.","neutral"
"Thanks for the love bro","gratitude"
"Oh, you're *actually in* several of those subs. lol. Ok then.","amusement"
"I’m not an Aub man. Check the flair.","disapproval"
"That's still a fucking insane number. 70% is goddamn insanity, and the only reason you're alright with it is because you're unaffected.","surprise"
"Did the Bears corners really play that well or was their front 7 so dominant that it made them look better?","neutral"
"This sub is very very bad at irony","disappointment"
"> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol","annoyance"
"If he doesn’t give it a ten I’m gonna riot","anger"
"Looks like you took a bath in manure.","neutral"
"This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.","anger"
"Kinda sad but... Okay then","disappointment"
"Why should I care what he thinks?","neutral"
"Hit my head on a bench doing parkour. Looked like that lol","amusement"
"That's my horse!","neutral"
"So you wouldnt keep [NAME]?","curiosity"
"This is so Dope!!!","admiration"
"Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.","optimism"
"The effect has Tyus has on ball movement for us is remarkable","admiration"
"You’re mixed up little buddy.","neutral"
"Please! She’s my #1 choice. The rare mix of super likeable and hypercompetent. Like [NAME] mixed with [NAME].","optimism"
"Glad you got to see a good one!","neutral"
"Your pretty late, it was announced a while ago","approval"
"*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*","neutral"
"Keep your chin high OP. Life ain’t always beautiful but it’s a beautiful ride.","optimism"
"And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.","annoyance"
"ah that explains things. people have brought him up a few times to me, I run all the pig subreddits and my name is also [NAME]. ","realization"
"Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one. ","neutral"
"Dawg, turn on the volume and smash that screen record button. too easy.","disapproval"
"Good for you!","admiration"
"i'm curious where they would sell in CT? I have to imagine New Haven will have one. I cant imagine Fairfield County would get one.","curiosity"
"I have to watch it. Sounds pretty cool hahaha","curiosity"
"Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that","approval"
"I was totally expecting this","neutral"
"This whole episode is one of my favorites; it has this AND "Requiem for a Tuesday" AND "the Low-Cal Calzone Zone" ","love"
"Care to share your thought process ?","curiosity"
"You don't get it, do you? There has already been a 51% attack attempt at BCH and the attackers lost. ","curiosity"
"Literally everything. What has happened, what is happening, and what will happen, all at once somehow. ","neutral"
"sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕","admiration"
"Terrorism is the systematic use of violence to achieve a political goal. [NAME] has not used violence.","approval"
"Cool story bro","admiration"
"[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids. ","disapproval"
"Ballroom Blitz. Thank me later.","gratitude"
"I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!","approval"
"Just because someone wants to be a journalist, doesn’t mean they are. That’s pretty simple.","anger"
"thank you so much <3","gratitude"
"Hey same here!! The first week of April!","excitement"
"She'll ask them a question, interrupt them to say that something else is coming up and then talk about something irrelevant. She is all over the place.","annoyance"
"I would say they do because it was a horrible accident but they were also in the wrong. The military tried to get them to disperse they didnt.","confusion"
"PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG","anger"
"Naw let everyone underestimate us ::[NAME]::","annoyance"
"Seeing Capital Cities live so learning to sing Chartreuse out of excitement.","excitement"
"I'm vegan and that's a big nope from me.","approval"
"Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo","neutral"
"Best of luck in Cleveland, Plaw Dog!","admiration"
"that made me cry tears of sadness and joy at the same time.","joy"
"What? That's exactly what I got from it. Obviously red-haired people are just defective and need to be cured/corrected. /sssssssssssssssssssssssssssss","neutral"
"Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.","fear"
"I like this story way better than parvo.","love"
"That's not true. There are people that genuinely want to cause harm to people and don't care about reactions.","disapproval"
"Appreciate you!","admiration"
"praise be to the dark mother!","admiration"
"What does your statement even mean? It's a game set in WW2, not the war itself.","anger"
"That is extremely uncomfortable to look at.","embarrassment"
"Honestly many of these games that they lost they didn’t even play poorly, to me they looked pretty good and just unfortunately lost the game ","admiration"
"The Keystone Pipeline brings in oil from Canada. As long as Canada keeps fucking over the [NAME] they'll be on good terms with the US.","approval"
">And you contribute to them not interacting with other people... Which I never told anyone not to. Hmmmmm","neutral"
"Never more have I felt like I come from a British colony.","love"
"Take him to a family holiday and I'm sure your family will do all of the work to hint that you guys should get married.","neutral"
"Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂","disapproval"
"That doesn't mean they're impossible. Minnesota's 7th district is 64% rural, R+12, and represented by [NAME], a [NAME].","neutral"
"Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.","disappointment"
"Thog don’t care about [NAME]","annoyance"
"Now she’s going to find corn in her panties for the foreseeable future. Poor planning! Tehe...creamed corn....","annoyance"
"What is this fucking r/niceguys bullshit?","anger"
"Those dont seem exclusive....try both","approval"
"This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s","embarrassment"
"Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.","joy"
"It's too bad that you think helping out the less fortunate is sad and make a joke about it . People like you are the problem.","joy"
"This is one of the identity issues I was referring to in my original comment.","neutral"
"Now I'm craving Wendy's","desire"
"people who get the weird pics: * aoc * [NAME] * [NAME] people who get normal pics: * everyone else who takes the corporate money and plays their game","neutral"
"This is so cringey it hurts. I feel so bad for whoever sent this because they are so stupid.","disappointment"
"Jeez. I don't understand how anyone thinks that's an acceptable way to treat another person, especially their spouse or partner. ","confusion"
"Because [NAME] was definitely pregnant with both a boy and a girl when he got on. Yup.","approval"
"Oh right. I can probably google it. I’m sure it’s in horrible taste, but I’m like dying to know now","curiosity"
"Thanks for the info. Not sure if it’s even worth it then.","confusion"
"Please just shave, for the love of [NAME] lmao","amusement"
"thats amazing!! Congrats!","admiration"
"Real talk, that's why I never tested that post... Figured best case scenario it works but your account gets flagged for something","optimism"
"Tbh, that sounds better than lithium","approval"
"Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.","disgust"
"Given the current state of our relations with SA, I would submit that judges should probably deny bail to Saudi citizens accused of serious crimes here in Canada.","neutral"
"Bye that's it for me. I'ts all over.","disapproval"
"Daily Wire is a hate site, and [NAME] is a bigot.","neutral"
"“It’s fine guys, she’s 500 years old”","neutral"
"you are delucional.","neutral"
"thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process. ","disappointment"
"You know all politicians do this/have done this or similar things to their own compensation, right? Hate the game, not the player","anger"
"They blew up my feelings :'(","sadness"
"thank you so much <3","gratitude"
"In all 18 years of my life this is only the second time I’ve seen these. I could’ve sworn they where discontinued","realization"
"How long do we have to wait? I might need rehab.","curiosity"
"You got the true ending don't worry, you would only get the bad ending if you rat out your friends or accepted the deal","approval"
"its becoming increasingly concerning that you refer to yourself in the plural.","neutral"
"Idk, but it is cringe so i posted it here lmao","amusement"
"I started with : - Anatomy of the State by [NAME] - Economics in One Lesson by [NAME] - The Law by [NAME]","curiosity"
"By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.","disappointment"
"I saw this 5 years ago on Lolpics Jesus Christ","neutral"
"Luckily they were on the phone texting, which saved them from panicking/noticing.","approval"
"Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.","annoyance"
"[NAME] damn it","neutral"
"Always toward absent lovers love's tide stronger flows.","neutral"
"Needed a good laugh today 😂","amusement"
"I agree but if we fell behind we lost the game without any chance. But let us be grateful that we have a Toplaner that is really godlike xd","disappointment"
"Give me another chance!","sadness"
"I'm impressed you found a non troll post of theirs.","admiration"
"Try to be rational instead of angry.","annoyance"
"same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM","love"
"OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?","fear"
"Ah Belgium ... being paid €500 by your employer, and only being allowed to keep €200 :)","joy"
"I thought she got arrested over it, but charges were dropped?","surprise"
"Valid. I think we mentioned in the Discord that exact point the other day.","approval"
"My school usually says that you should avoid fighting and try leaving the premisis asap","neutral"
"Hell yes 😁 I loved it.","approval"
"Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.","desire"
"Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.","admiration"
"“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” ","caring"
"Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.","desire"
"Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious ","admiration"
"Sorry, realized I hadn’t answered the question lol. Was typing that when your response popped. ","realization"
"That bit and the "man eating chicken" bit are two of my favourite things in that movie.","approval"
"Also I know a guy in a metal band called Artificial Sacrifice. They're really small and always looking for gigs. Check them out on Instagram","neutral"
"No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.","disapproval"
"Hedonism at it's finest","admiration"
"Benzos do not help anxiety long term. they make it worse","disgust"
"Were you looking for a tall person","curiosity"
"So glad they had the clip of the dog getting up at the end. I was super worried.","relief"
"I mean he did murder someone and isn’t in jail...","disgust"
"League wants an LA team to finally work so bad","neutral"
"Awesome. Thanks!","admiration"
"Srs it's so bizarre! There's often someone like "OP is wayyy prettier than [celebrity]!!!" as well. ","annoyance"
"That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.","neutral"
"You’re meant for Chicago :)","neutral"
"I think she has a good chance","optimism"
"Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.","gratitude"
"As a pioneer of the 4 corners I vote you leave this question to someone else and just keep your head down","neutral"
"I wish. Its too tiny to see from up here.","neutral"
"I lol'd bigly an atempted to reverse your downdoots","amusement"
"It wasn't about your syllable count. It was about how nobody ever calls it "text-interpretation." It's called "reading comprehension."","neutral"
"Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.","annoyance"
"Having a kid create so much of responsibilities.","realization"
"More accurate, relevant map","neutral"
"And then choked on his vomit.","neutral"
"ho boy are you in for a surprise","surprise"
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what "ironic" means.","neutral"
"No i know, was pointing it out for humor, not for any sort of accusation","joy"
"Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore","neutral"
"I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!","love"
"Wow she said that? Let me just #red flag","anger"
"I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.","neutral"
"you dirty karma theft","anger"
"You had good heals.","admiration"
"She had so so so many great looks. I can’t remember them all now, but she hardly ever made a misstep in regards to fashion. ","admiration"
"Danish PM on the topic - "We are not Socialist"","neutral"
"The best answer is simply don’t do it. Having said that, good luck my friend. ","neutral"
"That's what I thought, but upon closer inspection it's missing the Ontario shield of arms.","neutral"
"Glad they made it..","caring"
"That's really sad. I used to live not far from there and spent a lot of time in that park. Fished in those ponds many times.","sadness"
"Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better","amusement"
"Some sort of f***ery is going on here.","neutral"
"Expect the unexpected","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh","desire"
"There are tons of great places on the fringes where you’re guaranteed good loot and a vehicle.","admiration"
"[NAME] looks wayyyyyy happier to be there than he did at the Columbus press conference last week.","neutral"
"As a [NAME] I love your username. It's not suspicious at all! Call me 😘","love"
"Frozen berries are fantastic. Put a few in some heavy whipping cream in a blender with a little sweetener.","admiration"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are mad at [NAME].","neutral"
"The grass pupper looks so clean and fluffy!","optimism"
"I was going to mention The Dana Carvey Show, gosh darn it. And you forgot [NAME].","neutral"
"No, but even if you did, you'll find nothing special.","optimism"
"Is there a reason you said yes but then did not?","disapproval"
"> 420 blaze it!! wasn't that the red sox payroll doe? they got their ring.....","neutral"
"need to stop over reacting about *everything*.","annoyance"
"People who eat themselves to death are mentally ill in my opinion. Homicide is a deliberate and unlawful killing of a person by another person.","annoyance"
"There is a reason youve never seen a cat and a narwahl in the same room","neutral"
"This is a very cursed lineup","anger"
"They´ve been around since World Pride. I love this city :D","love"
"[NAME] is great and all but him and ab need each other","admiration"
"Im sorry I was just trying to help, thank you for educating me ill do better, Happy New year!","joy"
"Flying Spaghetti Monster","neutral"
"Soooo.... He basically just admitted he didn’t get his kid shit for Christmas. What a fucking asshole!","neutral"
"Some people on here are infatuated with his infatuation.","realization"
"SWTOR should be considered a boring single player game.","neutral"
"I have no answers for you, but I send you warm enfolding hugs of understanding and light. Peace to you.","gratitude"
"Good. We don't want more thrash liberal offspring in this world.","approval"
"That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.","admiration"
"It would be mostly home-grown terrorism, angry at all the people fleeing from overseas terrorism.","anger"
"They had been chanting "we want tacos!" Lol","amusement"
"I have noticed that one is good for thinking straight and light bulb moments.","neutral"
"This is scary!","fear"
"Go [NAME]!","neutral"
"Damn, he sold all out for that kick","neutral"
"IS THIS NOT THE GOOGLE???? GOOGLE CHICKEN POT PIE RECIPE. DAMN TECHNOLOGY AND MELLINIALS.","confusion"
"80 minutes too late","annoyance"
"You must!!","neutral"
"How done is she? (Check all that apply) [ ] Done. [ ] So Done. [ ] She can’t even.","neutral"
"I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue. ","nervousness"
"Murder is $3 million, but genocide is only $25 million. Everyone after 8 is free! What a deal!!","neutral"
"At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh","annoyance"
"I’m just here trying to figure out what trumps head weasel is doing in that picture...","neutral"
"My fur son was the first I came out to. Most important also","neutral"
"They NEVER guard against that!","realization"
"Nice! Boahs for everyone!","admiration"
"It's okay. Just tell them you meant I love you "two" twice for four.","neutral"
"Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.","annoyance"
"Frame data won't save you from 50/50s that can be initiated off of lights in VT1. He's probably the most explosive character in the game.","disapproval"
"Love how she actually cross referenced the picture with the POTUS.","admiration"
"If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.","realization"
"You’re right, I figure I can see just a few games and it might be more fun to watch them with some fellow fans","amusement"
"Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...","disappointment"
"Brooklyn-Boston playoffs would be the most toxic thing of all time. Only Sixers-Cs would be worse","neutral"
"Just keep a spray bottle of rubbing alcohol on hand! It melts the ice and doesn't freeze.","neutral"
"Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.","love"
"Thanks for defending your tribe.","gratitude"
"Don't give yourself so freely to people who don't value you.","caring"
"Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent ","amusement"
"Sure, but I don’t think those costs outweigh [NAME] getting caught in crossfire on Queen Street.","approval"
"okay I just checked and OMG IT's SO TRUE (mostly) I really am a [NAME] <3","approval"
"Have you talked to your group and [NAME] about him?","neutral"
"I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.","admiration"
"It's spelled HIPAA, not HIPPA. It also doesn't do what you think, and at best it's the ADA that discourages employers from asking.","disapproval"
"Idk, looks more like [NAME] to me, the fact he goes straight in for the hug is what sells me","neutral"
"It could be bait and switch... Which would be a surprise","confusion"
"Wow that feels like discrimination against the poor [NAME] kind.","surprise"
"It was once was mine too. Im starting to use it again. :) It is so fucking beautiful,","joy"
"No it doesn't work like that you're wrong","disapproval"
"Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday","amusement"
"I used to think that too, before I got over Trump Derangement Syndrome and took the red pill.","neutral"
"I thought they were motor vehicle accidents.","approval"
"I’m guessing theyve been together for a few years and once she was no longer a teenager and it wasn’t as risqué he lost interest.","neutral"
"It was only that one writer on Twitter really.","neutral"
"The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.","admiration"
"Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.","amusement"
"I mean it's not wrong","neutral"
"Cats! I'm fucking sold!!","neutral"
"I'll admit that's a bit surprising, since it's such a massive international hub. But beggars can't be choosers I guess. ","optimism"
"Maybe you feel a pressure to succeed and that makes it harder to do so","neutral"
"I like it, but it does violate our images policy. embedding it in a standard post would be OK.","love"
"You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.","annoyance"
"Thank you, this makes a lot of sense. I know i need to trust them and not try and read behind what they're saying... ","approval"
"Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t ","fear"
"Our crust is way too active for that.","optimism"
"Now someone mod danganronpa 2 so everytime [NAME] says hope its actually "AHHH HAHA! Thats hot!"","neutral"
"People on the other side want you dead no matter why you are there.","neutral"
"Doesn't answer the question about who is going to pick the low hanging fruit though!","disappointment"
"Absolutely! The Republicans are craven","approval"
"I fall under left wing, so yup, I'm a soy boy.","neutral"
"We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them","neutral"
"There’s no wrong way to do an enema.","neutral"
"Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you","sadness"
"It's shit, it's over, put the damn format to bed and send the cunts who make it over to Fox","anger"
"Welcome to the subreddit!","gratitude"
"What are you on sir","curiosity"
"Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s","amusement"
"Fuck, my wife and I spent less than a *fifth* of that. Wow. ","neutral"
"You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!","anger"
"You're really just having a field day today huh?","curiosity"
"Weird question, have they tried his Kentucky office or where ever he goes when Congress isn't in session , maybe he fled the capital?","annoyance"
"That's me too! I even try to avoid trailers since they reveal too much these days.","neutral"
"I'm high RN and can't understand this","sadness"
"Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!","gratitude"
"[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo","love"
"Wow [NAME] just lost a loyal customer. From now on I guess I'm gonna have to use dollar shave club to shave my taint","disappointment"
"Lol. Thanks for the info","gratitude"
"You already used that one my abusive buddy.","neutral"
"If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.","sadness"
"But what’s wrong with mayo","curiosity"
"Great idea to brag about workplace violation on Facebook!","neutral"
"Women don't have to pay for this service.","neutral"
"Also, keep an eye out for women who just want to use you for free drinks!","neutral"
"That was the story of how he went from ‘M16 Maravich’ to ‘[NAME]’.","neutral"
"Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.","disapproval"
"Policing The Police': How The Black Panthers Got Their Start","neutral"
"I personally find it very funny how they talk about vaccines not helping against cancer, while there isn't even a vaccine against cancer","amusement"
"Seriously, way to miss the point. Even if no liquid falls from their eyes, they suffer immensely.","disappointment"
"Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person","optimism"
"I'm confused on the hov +2 part, does that mean that's price if you split the bill?","confusion"
"And to think all along I was wondering if it was left hand turn day or just me!","surprise"
"Call it an ATATM (automatic teller ATM)","approval"
"Two natural right backs is fine. Then the pretend one doesn't have to pretend anymore.","disapproval"
"C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], "I how how you can throw down" HAHAHA!!! ","disapproval"
"No, so it's not our kingdom","disapproval"
"But how's that a facepalm? Editing the hands is not that crazy.","confusion"
"Yes. However, they also could've just gotten something catered.","approval"
"I've never seen anyone do it successfully on a car, but I'll concede that it could definitely be possible.","admiration"
"I think the main problem here is you missed that the person originally said "franchises" and not specifically Overwatch that is burning. ","confusion"
"Hahahaha that one is my favorite [NAME] video","amusement"
"At least she didn't hot glue it","neutral"
"If you enjoyed it, go for it.","neutral"
"You can still joke but people will react negatively and will cause consequences","realization"
"Why aren’t you using dark mode","curiosity"
"SRS is a pile of shit I have no idea how it is still existing","confusion"
"I may have got lung cancer and hiv but at least I was around when [NAME] was haha baby-boomer win!","neutral"
"I mean.. there's only like a million...","neutral"
"Their interests are convergent where it matters: they *all* want more of your money to go to healthcare.","neutral"
"I bet you could get away with this at work just fine.","neutral"
"Because of my adhd I do this with everything.","neutral"
"I love my kids. I don't always like my kids, but I love them. ","disapproval"
"...and that's the second time I got crabs.","neutral"
"Yeah I'm glad he got caught. What a piece of crap.well at least he won't be a virgin in jail anymore haha","gratitude"
"Wowza...you hit the roommate jackpot huh? She sounds unobservant and a special level of insensitive. Pray for her future patients.","disappointment"
"You’re so young! I hope things improve for you. Stick to you plan.","caring"
"Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season","approval"
"looks cool, i want it now.","admiration"
"Could not agree more!!","disapproval"
"We know Verb. Wait a minute, you’re not Verb!","realization"
"It's a shame they have [NAME] because a Vuc package would be ideal","annoyance"
"that sounds cool, i will make sure to check something like that out.","admiration"
"Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.","approval"
"Teenagers are teenagers. We dont really care about our spelling anyways. Unfortunate that everyone who corrects them gets downvoted to the underworld though","approval"
"Pretty impressed that they have pork roll there tbh","admiration"
"this looks like the start of a very ugly porno","annoyance"
"Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂","disapproval"
"[NAME] should have done a diss song called "Cammy"","optimism"
"but it's the music that really sets the mood","neutral"
"Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.","annoyance"
"When I worked in salon, we could never wear flip flops because of “hair splinters”","neutral"
"I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.","disapproval"
"do your own homework","approval"
"I think she's funny lol. She'd have a better chance at a comedy career than modeling.","amusement"
"So that's how people get their cars sideways in those crazy pictures. I'd always wondered.","surprise"
"Look everyone it's that boy that laughs at everybody! Let's laugh at him!","amusement"
"She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.","sadness"
"Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.","admiration"
"I think a lot of it's projection. Many incels say they are proud of being NEET.","neutral"
"Nikon D5100 with a 55-300mm lense. Still don't know how to use it well. Edit: Thanks! Edit again: A word.","confusion"
"I'm with you - I feel no connection....","annoyance"
"That's just sad if it's for a game","sadness"
"The math so far appears to indicate something more damning. The question I'm curious about is whether the information will come out before summer.","curiosity"
"Lol nope. She helped me alot through it. I'd say [RELIGION]/parents made me miserable","amusement"
"What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?","annoyance"
"You people are awful. Those are *Haggisus Australis*. They're a protected species!","disgust"
"Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard","disapproval"
"I found her advice very insightful. Maybe it will be of use to","gratitude"
"Damn, I thought she was calling her as ugly as a dog and said she would take her out for a walk. I like my version better. ","neutral"
"if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time","grief"
"You DO seem nice. And friendly!","admiration"
"What was that?!","neutral"
"i legit made a one note notebook on intimacy cause i was/am still struggling with giving affection reading signs","neutral"
"The dad was in stitches..","grief"
"Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.","gratitude"
"The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.","neutral"
"I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.","approval"
"LOL that would be way better","amusement"
"He’s cowering in the corner. My only pet!","disapproval"
"not to distract from the refs but i mean we have a deep bench and pull our starters early","neutral"
"Laziest team I've ever seen.","disgust"
"yuck no I'm waiting until marriage obvs","disgust"
"their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed","embarrassment"
"Close enough. Is rainbow 6 any good?","neutral"
"Only other thing I can think of would be the Time Stone is still under [NAME] curse.","neutral"
"It’s been good, made me able to function much much better. ","approval"
"Which one had to shower outside with the hose... [NAME]? That one was so sad to me","sadness"
"Nursing school is wrong on that. Still, sickle cell is really, legitimately painful. Give the Dilaudid.","neutral"
"Its almost like climate change makes hot places hotter and cold places colder. Jeez, who could have predicted that. ","realization"
"Coo bless...oncrici? Did I just summon an elder god?","neutral"
"I read this is the voice of [NAME]. Great job with the narration!","gratitude"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)","neutral"
"Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are","annoyance"
"okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred","joy"
"Well, that's just a distraction for the color of your resume.","realization"
"[NAME] will be gone. Although I think end of the first is where he should go, he will go super early","neutral"
"Wasn't the scar originally across his nose but [NAME] moved it?","curiosity"
"And then if you don't go out and actually sin, you've done nothing wrong.","neutral"
"Margin of error: 0.7%","neutral"
"No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.","joy"
"And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck. ","annoyance"
"Yup. If they're brazen enough to not give a damn about the law, they're brazen enough to not care about public opinion on them.","neutral"
" so just throwing this out there, you can have conversations and arguments without being an ass.","annoyance"
"): hope the goose is okay ):!","caring"
"Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?","caring"
"Ask him out for a drink.","neutral"
"Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...","excitement"
"Stoop Kid’s afraid to leave his stoop!","fear"
"I guess we should ban birds too.","neutral"
"He's an adorable person.","admiration"
"I think thats the point, this screams irony. Like r/comedyheaven brand","neutral"
"Oh. It really is [RELIGION]. I was wondering if that was a bad gag.","excitement"
"All the time, you just sort of accept it round here. Butt-hurt mombies and bitter regretful daddicts are what I usually chalk it up to.","annoyance"
"That Pixel art yak is so cute tho.","admiration"
"Like thanks for your valuable input?","gratitude"
"And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.","joy"
"Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.","fear"
"One dude ended his [NAME] rant by calling him a socialist unironically.","neutral"
"You know this is really messed up and unacceptable, but it mainly forced the realization that I’ve never played with Omniknight.","annoyance"
"Hey I’m going to eli today! Unfortunately for a funeral but hello stranger :)","approval"
"That’s a cute doggo! What breed?","curiosity"
"OMG its youuuuuuu u/Sippinthatminttea. I remember you 😆 😆 😆 "interesting creature" 😋 😂 ","amusement"
"Stop the speed. It does that to you","neutral"
"LOL I work at HPE and I was about to share this with our new hub director...glad I watched the last 2 seconds.","admiration"
"While we watch the private form of Operation Chokepoint with Patreon, it's bizarre that people don't believe this stuff is real. ","surprise"
"What is with people microwaving cheese on top of chips and calling it nachos?","realization"
"But would you really want to make amends with them after they out of blue left you for someone you loathe?","confusion"
"False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.","neutral"
"Yeah I meant it has a cork in it. Sorry for the confusion haha","remorse"
"Well, i was hoping it didn't run flat.","optimism"
"[NAME] is the man.","admiration"
"It took me 14 years to secure my AA 🐢","realization"
"I think this type of stuff is great fun too. However, my ex objects if the kids go back to her with too many scrapes and bruises. ","approval"
"At least you can skip it","caring"
"Apparently it’s more important to stop the rise of socialism and make America great again!","gratitude"
"RemindMe! April 26, 2019","neutral"
"Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.","nervousness"
"I don't think I'd like that either.","disapproval"
"> 82 percent of black voters trusting [NAME] and two percent trusting [NAME] Seems kinda high for [NAME] lol","amusement"
"I hate this.","anger"
"[NAME] MADE ME personally to eat BACON you ignorant vegans.","annoyance"
"Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.","amusement"
"I've wanted one ever since [NAME] dual wielded them in Bad Boys 2.","desire"
""My body is not me, but it is only one of the most popular songs ever.","neutral"
"...they needed upvotes. That’s what makes it underrated.","realization"
"Hi, yes? Ok, one moment... Hey OP, yesterday called and they want their post back. ","neutral"
"Wow thanks. Was hoping to see more exact same moon pics for the eleventy millionth time.","gratitude"
"I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.","gratitude"
"But why does your horse have a leash on her while eating. Looks sooo uncomfy. Poor bubby!!!","sadness"
"I'm not even going to read all of that. It is not mindboggling AT ALL. [NAME] is a huge douchebag. The end.","annoyance"
"When we have tens of millions starving or dying of thirst, at least you will still have the moral 'high ground'.","remorse"
"ick! That makes me feel gross. I have "Addison's Disease". ","approval"
"Do you find yourself depressed a lot? I feel like depression comes out of boredom.","curiosity"
"Feels good to be a Nets fan right now","joy"
"Fuck these calls","disgust"
"Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.","caring"
"Please don’t murder me","fear"
"*I hate laughing!*","anger"
"I love how they didn’t really react negatively","relief"
"Isn't that what most of the old people forced to rot in assisted living facilities want?","curiosity"
"Should I say (sent to all) after I say snap back to snap more?","confusion"
"Is that even legal? Isn’t that signing under false pretences?","neutral"
"I just go over my FEASMs head for that.","neutral"
"My thoughts exactly","approval"
"Truth is, we don't know. Never tried it really.","realization"
"Our experience was much the same. We might go back for a 2nd chance, but doubtful. The brewery next door was great.","admiration"
"is it bad that i agree with this","approval"
"While I don't wish anyone death or even harm, I also wouldn't mourn his death.","neutral"
"Your comment has been removed for containing a slur. Avoid using t- in the future.","neutral"
"I apologize, that sincerely was meant for Askreddit. If you look at my history you'll see that's where I always post. My mistake.","remorse"
""By far one of the best" Mmmm","neutral"
"I've also heard that intriguing but also kinda scary","fear"
"Tie em up and shoot em in the head, gets a real bad guy vibe flowing lol","neutral"
"Because you are young and it happens. You feel like you’ll never find someone else but you will.","confusion"
"Legend! Cheers bro","joy"
"Then it'll hurt more when I kick it in the balls.","disappointment"
"Simply explain the situation as you did here, don’t use any cliches or anything just be honest about it.","neutral"
"What do you mean?","curiosity"
"Yeeeaaahhh.... "protect"... I'm pretty sure this guy has a rape dungeon filled with schoolgirl body-pillows in his basement.","sadness"
"Fat dont fail me now!!","neutral"
"It's nice to see someone regognize my username :)","excitement"
"Looks soooo much better","approval"
""And then you divorce them and date your stepsister."","neutral"
"Yeah me too, because I would’ve been a lot more pissed if they would’ve got tired of waiting and left.","annoyance"
"They don’t like him, so he is divisive. It’s projection.","annoyance"
"The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.","embarrassment"
"I was sleeping with my mouth open my dog started licking inside my mouth.","neutral"
"How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope. ","admiration"
"This guy has some massive self control after the fact. I felt like getting back and punching that Croc.","annoyance"
"Wow this is supee trashy. How did it get to front page?","admiration"
"Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..","remorse"
"Cool story bro","admiration"
"You're a great dad.","admiration"
"Umm, I think you can take it out, [NAME].","desire"
"I’m only denying what’s not true, and [NAME] being my name isn’t true. ","disappointment"
"I guess he exploded because he went below 50 mph.","realization"
"Well... we have a game now!","joy"
"Yeah, one more time for good measure. “Hey, hold on there you forgot something “. WAM","neutral"
"Just don’t be born on a raped planet. Jeez why do you damned virgeens make such a fuss?","neutral"
"Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇","love"
"Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried. ","embarrassment"
"Maybe crotch-thrusting "power pose" on top of the White Cliffs will scare them all away?","neutral"
"Yeah that’s what I was saying, thanks for pulling the stats I was too lazy to.","approval"
"Whoa, we need animal safe verbiage! Don't feed a fed horse.","surprise"
"I read the title, and honestly I thought it was [NAME] and his Telkom bill again","realization"
"Thank you.. Makes my heart happy that someone can appreciate this thread :)","gratitude"
"Once a week. It was a semi expensive seafood place, but it also had a poppin sports bar/happy hour vibe. An interesting place for sure ","approval"
"would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez","neutral"
"Yes, I'm just banking on the fact that there will be a bigger idiot than me out there. :-)","neutral"
"There are no words to help heal your broken heart, but I’m sending you as much love and support I can. ","caring"
"Wow. Some people are so stupid. But if it was me I would have opened the door and at least put it inside the doorway.","caring"
"Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.","annoyance"
"I’ve reported her before I think that’s why she stopped pming me and started following my comment history instead.","neutral"
"What’s that extra B for?","confusion"
"Yeah. Lots of clearly marked pick up and drop off areas and still people stop in the middle of the road. I dont understand it myself.","neutral"
"Get a ride to heaven. You think [NAME] wants to pedal that far!","amusement"
"Fake The monkey was a paid actor!","disapproval"
"That's interesting. As an orthodox [NAME], I woulda either kept using the offending term or avoided the name altogether as you suggest.","approval"
"I do wish they would start allowing women to join, though. Feels a little behind the times...","desire"
"It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?","anger"
"You missed Satire Saturday by 2 days","neutral"
"No just hung up","neutral"
"His! Watch out! That cars coming straight for you! Omg guys she’s arguing with ferrah, she can’t hear us help!","disappointment"
"Glad to see people actively calling out yet another asshole on here pretending to want to help people. Good show!","admiration"
"i sense a cup hangover for the caps","realization"
"She really tried to make sure it seemed i was at fault too. Now i'm thinking that she just wanted a way out/wanted a scapegoat","neutral"
"I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.","disapproval"
"I dunno man. I'll forever like [NAME], but slapping the hand of someone trying to help you up/see if you're alright is a big bitch move","anger"
"This is why you dont brag online and post personal gun pics. It can be used against you in a court of law.","approval"
"Oh [NAME], dont talk about clippers!","neutral"
"Vox lies and manipulates information to drive their agenda. Same as right wing garbage. They are not an honest media outlet.","disappointment"
"thats amazing!! Congrats!","admiration"
"If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.","excitement"
"Reminds me of [NAME] place too.","neutral"
"It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]","admiration"
"Happy New Year to you, too!","joy"
"I wish I could forget","desire"
""Been there, got the t-shirt, paying it off for the next 15 years."","neutral"
"same, if you breath oxygen you only deserve to get shot and raped.","neutral"
"‘Twas not MRSA, just ick, apparently.","disgust"
"He needed the trophy in GTA?","neutral"
"Did insurance cover this? Who was the surgeon? Unfortunately without it...this surgery can cost up to 20k or more in American cities.","realization"
"Welcome. We eat our own.","neutral"
"You have been rewarded my friend.","neutral"
"No one does... that what makes it so provocative.","annoyance"
"Huh, interesting. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Oh wow, hate that. ","anger"
"Actually ugly women are not going to post their pics.","neutral"
"Wait, no one finds it odd that Russia was playing war games over American airspace the day before?","curiosity"
"What Subreddit?","neutral"
">concern trolling from The_Donald user with Triggered in name weak bait try again","neutral"
"**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.","annoyance"
"[NAME] sees all","neutral"
"Bloody useless Pakistan","anger"
"Happy Mic Day!","joy"
"Super, thanks","admiration"
"E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?","optimism"
"I was thinking the same thing. It does make me wonder how whomever leaked it, obtained a copy in the first place. ","surprise"
"What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s","surprise"
"There are quite a few hideous high rises in dallas. But also some beautiful and iconic ones.","admiration"
"Lol definitely not","amusement"
"Oh, [NAME], don't bring THAT story up!","desire"
"Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him","disappointment"
"Sometimes I literally need to shut myself in a quiet room so I can think.","neutral"
"Kill em with kindness, as they say","neutral"
"I have a 1080ti and an i7 8700k and on very fast at 40k bitrate I'm already hitting 50% cpu usage on obs alone, any suggestions?","neutral"
"I believe it was the "Master Batters."","neutral"
"look more 4th grade comments. sorry you're a child who has no brain. I bet your mother wishes she had a child who lived.","desire"
"Not an awful offer but I don't know if I see AD promising to resign long term in Dallas.","neutral"
"> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.","caring"
"If I were a snake, I think I'd rather stay in my uncomfortable concrete jungle than have my mouth glued shut and be mauled by a toddler.","neutral"
"I'm not crying... you're crying!","disappointment"
"His Wonderlic score is 25 points higher than [NAME] but 17 lower than [NAME]. I guess he is so/so.","neutral"
"This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks. ","fear"
"Let me guess, are you Swedish perhaps ? ","curiosity"
"Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl","love"
"I had the biggest smile!","admiration"
"I'm not vegan cause I love animals, I'm vegan cause I hate myself. ","anger"
"My bad on the phrasing, it’s more of a hole with a vent cover ","neutral"
"The Netflix version is being produced by the marketing team for the festival. It’s gonna be great to see the different slants","admiration"
"Darn. I knew there was something off about him.","annoyance"
"And the commentator in Australia said that we have been poor defending corners this year 🤔😂.","approval"
"Ah. I can't see that when replying in my inbox and didn't see his name the first time I checked here to read other comments","surprise"
"All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.","annoyance"
"I think a six month prison sentence is in order for that missed tackle against the cowgirls. Maybe some community service if he's got a good lawyer.","neutral"
"Honestly, Queen kinda sucks. Obvious they were ripping off My Chemical Romance.","anger"
"But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.","disgust"
"Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either","disapproval"
"Now [NAME] breaking stories for us!?!","curiosity"
"Let this be a lesson at how easily manipulated some therapist are. Block the therapist immediately. He/she has been compromised by a psychopath.","anger"
"How is that relevant? The rules are simple, do not attack character.","curiosity"
"Piss off a small percentage to gain an even larger one? That's hardly unheard of. The amount of publicity alone for this is astounding.","admiration"
"It could have been worse! All the chairs and table are still upright.","annoyance"
"Woah woah. Didn’t imply I knew where you were from. Just giving a point of reference for my comment. Relax 😂","neutral"
"This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act","admiration"
"[NAME] opinion on adoptions is quite disturbing","disappointment"
"> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!","love"
"Let’s not get creative again","disapproval"
"Real nice guys are just kind people.","admiration"
"Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!","caring"
"what happened to that uk transfer they picked up, haven't heard much about him","curiosity"
"That's slick, would love to see you guys do it.","desire"
"Thank you so much!","gratitude"
"You can disagree with the West's policies and past actions without aligning politically with authoritarian regimes.","disapproval"
"Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!","optimism"
"I legit thought he was JSE for a second. I was so confused, but so happy all at the same time","confusion"
"I don’t think that can happen here.","realization"
"Exact same here. I blame the egg nog!","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] all the cereal will be stuck soaking in milk until they get mushy and gross","surprise"
"You know what? Mine is just more of the bullshit. Nothing’s changed. I finally woke up.","relief"
"Hm why are there age restrictions on the sex toys? :P","curiosity"
"Sorry [NAME] is our best friend now","remorse"
"So because you are abnormal in you saving and spending habits you are unilaterally deciding no one else should strike when not getting paid.","neutral"
"Ugh I love Stapleton. [NAME] has always really been loyal to the authentic sound though IMO, he definitely stands out. ","love"
"If the goal of this show is to consistently find people with horribly annoying voices, I have to say the producers are spot on. ","annoyance"
"Good read man, sounds like a crazy time, its the worst vomiting red in front of ramdom people lmfao 😂","amusement"
"Come back when your dad rock genre manages to produce icons like [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME]. Now bye [NAME] ","neutral"
"Oh boy... it must actually be kind of nice to be completely oblivious to how the people around you are feeling.","admiration"
"Thank you :) I'll try to stay positive","gratitude"
"The grass pupper looks so clean and fluffy!","admiration"
"I dont think a murder log that survived what killed off trex counts as cute, even if its only 2 or 3m long. ","neutral"
"It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion. ","annoyance"
"I’m genuinely upset that people missed the sarcasm because your comment is hilarious","amusement"
"You're simply suggesting betrayal in a different form.","disapproval"
"Amazing!! Congrats!","gratitude"
"I see you utilized it. 3.5? Sad.","sadness"
"That and hoping the cultists on trumps side can give them enough time to get out before it all goes down in flames, your country that is.","caring"
"Can I just say that the Elizabeth Line is still a bloody stupid name, and no I don't think I'll just get used to it.","embarrassment"
"I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss","optimism"
"Bit salty about that karma mate","admiration"
"I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish","optimism"
"Are you daft ... ? That is and always has been the proposal. [NAME] don't listen and don't care though. Fucking dumbass.","anger"
"Do I even wanna know what that means?","neutral"
"Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.","approval"
"Likely frostbite advisory weather.","neutral"
"I'm loving the possibility of fighting a Chimera in the DLC.","love"
"So many of [NAME] haters dismiss his top 10 stat placement. Never understood that.","confusion"
"For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.","caring"
"Ozone Coffee near Old Street - Kiwi coffee shop; it’s great.","admiration"
"I think she looked perfect beforehand. They're just too big!","neutral"
"old politicians have short memories","neutral"
"No, but thanks for playing.","gratitude"
"Not the right sub, I'm afraid.","fear"
"Das pretty sweet. No-look throw!","neutral"
"love this!","admiration"
"Oh no you guys, I think I just Shattenkirked in my pants","neutral"
"My mom used to think [NAME] was the handsomest NFL coach for what that’s worth.","neutral"
"that is the saddest damn yogurt ive ever seen","annoyance"
"Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.","anger"
"I’m Waiting for Dr [NAME] to bring back Celebrity Rehab so her and [NAME] can be on it.","neutral"
"Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad","disapproval"
"No faith! Shame!","disapproval"
">However, we're leaving waswas and inmoral behaviour with it! Amin and amin. ","disapproval"
"Thank you so much! Having these few subs for the quality videos he's creating makes the channel a hidden gem.","gratitude"
"says the insecure idiot who just had to dig through my comment history to try to get back at me. lol creep","annoyance"
"What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.","disapproval"
"[NAME], 2020 OKC 1st, 2019 CLE 2nd For [NAME] and [NAME] A little filler required to get it done (possibly [NAME] or [NAME])","neutral"
"Its worth the risk","admiration"
"I just checked and do see a lot of posts that are not humble brags.","neutral"
"Oh yeah you would have definitely gone in to 'save' another country.","optimism"
"You have my good wishes and words of encouragement! There is so much wisdom in “one day at a time.”","neutral"
"I'm glad you have someone to help you out! Perhaps over time you'll find it easier.","approval"
"Nice job dude!","pride"
"god damn this is some major league pathos","neutral"
"Sure. Let’s start with the terrorists with the biggest guns. How about Israel, or Saudi Arabia? ","neutral"
"I was thinking this too! People are so quick to jump on the beauty guru witch hunt","neutral"
"[NAME] is trying not to laugh through his lines and hoesntly I love it.","love"
"He's an altogether better grappler IMO, and so much fun.","admiration"
"Enjoy :) You won't regret it. The first couple seasons will be a little confusing but wiki helped me understand this show a lot!","approval"
"Who is afraid of who here? The shower or you?","neutral"
"I'm crying laughing in the cubes.","excitement"
"Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)","gratitude"
"I AM COMPARING THE TITLES YOU OVERGROWN CABBAGE","neutral"
"That as absolutely insane.","annoyance"
"That's your justification? You're a terrible person. Correction: You're a terrible child. Get some help.","fear"
"Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.","optimism"
"I know he lives in Texas and I have his phone number and things like his name and age but nothing else really.","neutral"
"Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.","disappointment"
"[NAME] wore them today. Trying to be like her crush, [NAME]. It's kind of sweet.","admiration"
"r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!","pride"
"You are not to be truffled with!!! Good luck to you!!","caring"
"These are permanent!","neutral"
"Nice play! But, why would u play [NAME], in tribute?","curiosity"
"poor [NAME]. Someone else on here called her [NAME] from Family Ties. 😂😂 I legit feel for her.","neutral"
"What's your complaint?","annoyance"
"Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol","amusement"
"Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you","optimism"
"That is SO cool","admiration"
"[NAME] needs to slow things down there.. ffs","nervousness"
"I love my state sometimes","love"
"Scream "THIS IS FOR OPTIC" as you finish","neutral"
"to be fair it wouldnt be bad living there since its normal to have giant shoes so its a win basically^^","joy"
"That "Hard work" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears","annoyance"
"And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win","neutral"
"Yeah, guess I'm old fashioned and don't downvote people clearly expressing a personal opinion. No matter.","optimism"
"Does anyone know how much the skin is supposed to cost? Edit: And does it put the lotion on it's skin?","curiosity"
"So [NAME] is our new go to shootout guy?","neutral"
"Just get divorced and be roommates.‍♀️","annoyance"
"The "[NAME] says it's true" line makes me think he's messing with you.","annoyance"
"if he is strong, he won't need to quit job","neutral"
"SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(","fear"
"Omg if WOW sue’s her then my depression would be cured and I’ll have my jush","curiosity"
"So what advice do you have for not getting sued? Preferably something OBGYN related. Thanks for doing this","curiosity"
"Alternative: He didn’t live as long as he thought he would. He died mid-sentence while writing a","grief"
"You are a god among nurses.","admiration"
"I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/","approval"
"I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)","excitement"
"Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?","neutral"
"Tomorrow [NAME] tweets “See! I told you [NAME] took responsibility! No shutdown! No collusion! Bad! Sad!","neutral"
"You’re either mentally challenged or a troll, and if its the secondary you’re horrible at it. ","neutral"
"This is going to be the last episode with my Latina goddess [NAME] 🌹😭","neutral"
"i also love this one","admiration"
"Do you want help with the big words ?","curiosity"
"I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah","neutral"
"Is that [NAME]","neutral"
"Gotta wonder how a fake BC could possibly result from a 'mixup'.","curiosity"
"It's this kind of fear that made me make this","fear"
"She's not an hero we deserve, she's an hero we have. ","disapproval"
"Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are","fear"
"Bipolar and talented. I am jealous. Incredibly beautiful.","admiration"
"[NAME], but I’m not sure he is gonna be a piston for a long time.","confusion"
"#Art by Smouii on Paladins , [Find the artist on twitter as well","neutral"
"40k concurrent viewers on twitch and 100,000s of views on multiple YouTube vids would argue your point ","neutral"
"Isn’t this from the trade deadline last year. Shouldn’t have any bearing on contract offers this year","annoyance"
"He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.","disgust"
"FOR THE PEOPLE","approval"
"me as fuck","anger"
"I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying","sadness"
"How do you know this?","curiosity"
"At least you're allowed back in. A bunch of us got mass bumped off and they still wont let any of us know what we actually did","neutral"
"WAIT IT'S A HAT?! YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO","neutral"
"I haven't been able to find my 9th in the recliner in 3 weeks... 10th time is the charm I guess","neutral"
"what a lovely gift, you are blessed my friend, she picked you!!!! use it in good health","neutral"
"Had a whole grilled lamb at an Indian restaurant once for a corporate event. It was amazing","joy"
"People like you is also why no players want to play and stay in Orlando","neutral"
"That's funny because I used to hate him but researching more just made me like him more","amusement"
"No thanks, I prefer my [NAME] with red laser-swords.","neutral"
"Where's the love button","curiosity"
"That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .","sadness"
"That was twenty years ago now though.","realization"
"Now THAT would be an elaborate ruse","neutral"
"I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.","admiration"
"Oof, that was efficient ","admiration"
"Muzzle control.","neutral"
"I really didn’t wanna get up to do stuff today","annoyance"
"Am I the only one who is glad I saw this meme? I mean I'm officially traumatized, but still.","disapproval"
"I'm not sure anyone has asked, and feel free to not answer. But is your feeling that the team definitely favors [NAME] right now? ","confusion"
"I stopped reading in the first paragraph where they try to make Vanderpump Rules and Desperate Housewives legit shows.","neutral"
"lol at them both getting downvotes","neutral"
"How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.","disapproval"
"_____ is ruining _____ because kids these days.","neutral"
"This is actually funny OP, stop trying to be so negative","joy"
"Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)","disapproval"
"keep spinning that hamster wheel","neutral"
"Wow, that's incredible. I love the 4 quadrants idea! But the name of the business is so misleading...","admiration"
"supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph","relief"
"Thank you, you are blessed","caring"
"“Bigotry is when you disagree with me, and the more you disagree the more bigotryer it is” -[NAME]","neutral"
"Not really. It's just that things you would do in Street Fighter to win are monumentally more difficult if you try to do them in MK.","neutral"
"i envy you, I'm just stuffed with cringe","neutral"
"Let’s be real here. He’s *every night and day*’s biggest loser.","neutral"
"This sentence has a very different meaning in Australia.","approval"
"ah yes because that is exactly what has happened in mainstream politics.","approval"
"That's what I'm speaking purely about. We can only speculate. And oh, yeah, still quality cringe.","neutral"
"I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.","approval"
"[NAME] claims to have only loved [NAME].","neutral"
"I don’t think you know what competitive gameplay means Hint-I don’t mean a worthless number by your name","annoyance"
"FOR THE LOVE OF [NAME] WATCH THE DUB. THANK ME LATER. You can watch it on Crunchyroll, Hulu, or Kissanime/Dubhappy clones.","neutral"
"> he fingers my bumhole like he's trying to get the last Pringles out of the tube. My favourite line","amusement"
"What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍","optimism"
"It has little to do with experience, to be human is to err. ","neutral"
"I was so sad when they took SG1 off of Netflix. I guess it’s on Prime now? I need to rewatch that show.","sadness"
"Change the channel during the NFC Playoffs? Hey did you ever pay that ticket? No? Just wondering....","confusion"
"If you’re in public, I suggest you hide your concern as much as you can.","neutral"
"Yeah I did think that was the case, thank you! So excited to see my new Capstan!","excitement"
"Her and her wise friend [NAME]","admiration"
"Way too fancy","neutral"
"Search results are indeed based on personal search history. The first result I get searching Canadian Soldiers is [NAME], haha","amusement"
"...... mmmm unforbidden ham","approval"
"Honey badger don’t give no fuck!","anger"
"I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy","disgust"
"I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.","disappointment"
"Ghosting sucks and is rarely excusable.","neutral"
"I wish I loved anything the way [NAME] loves playing hockey","admiration"
"That's quite an arrangement","admiration"
"That's every cat's idea of fun!! Tasty human hands!","joy"
"This doesn’t sound very constructive so I’m going to move along but thanks for taking the time to respond.","disapproval"
"How did they respond? You can't leave out the best part.","curiosity"
"Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.","fear"
"Want to get a hangover there 👍🕺❤️","desire"
"Bless his heart","caring"
"Meet me in the parking lot after school, tough guy. Bring your guns.","neutral"
"I thought [NAME] was dope. Never understood the hate for it","confusion"
"Uh, you do know there's another hole right next door, right?","confusion"
"Thats true but [NAME] is still a valuable resource. In business, you dont dump those. Thats how I see this with an average roster at best","realization"
"My favourite is peeing in restrooms and your feet can't touch the floor while sitting on the toilet.","neutral"
"What’s the point in a yearly stadium video when almost all the pictures will be the same","curiosity"
"Damnit Morty! D'you see wha-rrrgh-t you've done!? We're fucked Morty, the squirrels - they're recruiting dolphins now Morty. ","neutral"
"Another strange signing. [NAME] seems great at spotting backup players. 20 odd signings and probably 4 have been decent?","neutral"
"This was potentially the most dangerous stunt I have ever seen someone do. One minor mistake and you die.","nervousness"
"Whoomp there it is","neutral"
"I love the snail's smile. It makes me happy :)","love"
"Too late. You badmouthed London. You're on the list now.","neutral"
"was the dad just seeing things when he smacked [NAME] hand away?","curiosity"
"That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.","fear"
"Can a mediocre bot invent Facebook?","curiosity"
"Sweetie, you claim you’re happy but you sure don’t sound like it.","excitement"
"Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd","disgust"
"I'd be shocked if he knew much of anything about the EU.","fear"
"I didn't know [NAME] was a [NAME] Lord.","disgust"
"Get him back -- as in figure out what went wrong and see what you can do","caring"
"These are permanent!","approval"
"I still defend the evening gown .. that purple and that wig were right","approval"
"On BBC Parliament: "Brussels will be watching this as well." Will they? Do they have a TV Licence?!","annoyance"
"Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.","gratitude"
"Haha, I feel that","amusement"
"As a society we should be ashamed of the fact that this is even a question. Let the suffering stop obviously.","anger"
"You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.","anger"
"I’m cool with anything that pisses off someone as disingenuous as you.","disappointment"
"-Binge eat something -Work -Sleep Usually in that order.","neutral"
"That’s anecdotal","disapproval"
"I was surprised to see [NAME] towing the line on his show.","surprise"
"I figured as much. If I were them I'd definitely be sceptical.","approval"
"You welcome guys","caring"
"Tell her youre sleeping with someone else. You're a jerk if you don't see why that's important information.","disapproval"
"Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.","amusement"
"I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.","sadness"
"Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;)","amusement"
"It's good though because itll make you cherish the happy times while youre in them, instead of lookinf back on them.","joy"
"It's ok, it's just Gypsy Danger","approval"
"Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror","fear"
"When her daughter says she wants to take all the weight from her and put it on her own body so her mom can go outside and play 😢❤️😢","neutral"
"great show.","admiration"
"Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band","neutral"
"This is adorable I want an update","admiration"
"She was carrying all my burdens >:((","neutral"
"Brooklyn-Boston playoffs would be the most toxic thing of all time. Only Sixers-Cs would be worse","neutral"
"It's bad when that sounds tasty to me","disapproval"
"My last name is 4 letters. It's a common English word. It still gets mispronounced and misspelled constantly.","neutral"
"Meth and booze.","neutral"
"What an effort! Lets Go Pens!","admiration"
"the truth is sexist, deal with it","approval"
"As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.","neutral"
"Bruh by isn’t [NAME]","neutral"
"I much prefer when the CB is given a taste of their own medicine. Far more satisfying than being polite. This one is great!","excitement"
"Keep them until November, and then return them. ","neutral"
"Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.","joy"
"[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason","anger"
">tyrannical absolutes = must be sarcasm Oh, sweet summer child...","neutral"
"It’s kinda sad that this made me lol.","amusement"
"Wow, someones lived a sheltered life.","excitement"
"6'3 guy who wants to be the smaller guy here, [NAME] i feel you","disappointment"
"HUGE RED FLAG. Don't ignore it!","admiration"
"But how's that a facepalm? Editing the hands is not that crazy.","curiosity"
"I mean, its not like they gonna ban the Donald for a while ","neutral"
"> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.","gratitude"
"A 31 one year old woman hitting on a 21 year man is just as grossm","annoyance"
"But it's still....the geographic location of Arizona haha.","neutral"
">I get that.. You don't","neutral"
"Hard to digest pills","sadness"
"Yeah google it I def want it!!","approval"
"You didn't want to have sex with anyone before you turned 18?","curiosity"
"That’s awesome, congrats! ","admiration"
"> Swansons on 45th in Wallingford They have about the same janky reviews as everywhere else.","neutral"
"Ah yes I used to enjoy those. Before the dark times. Before the days of a FOX less Netflix.","approval"
"Refreshingly low upvote/downvote ratio.","approval"
"Does it have less scope glint than the 3x medium range scope? Or any glint at all?","confusion"
"That's funny stuff, there","amusement"
"Just wait.","neutral"
"RemindMe! 1 Day","neutral"
"Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!","admiration"
"i love it","love"
""Don't eat pork! Not even with a fork!"","neutral"
"You really really summed that up. Perfectly actually.","admiration"
"Every team is beatable just maybe not by us","disappointment"
"Lol okay. It's not like they're billion dollar organizations that have their own personal agenda. Fine. Enjoy your bubble.","amusement"
"Too bad [NAME] is going to be completely overshadowed by [NAME] to even notice.","neutral"
"YES! *-*","neutral"
"They definitely do They wouldn’t play something else then","neutral"
"[NAME] and clutch free throws are arch Nemesis","anger"
"It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.","annoyance"
"It just keeps getting better","caring"
"Love your username!","neutral"
"This actually happened but no one clapped","surprise"
"Maybe try living a little longer before you talk about things you don't know about, sweaty. NEXT!","disappointment"
"Thanks for the help.","gratitude"
"I needed this laugh like... damn. This comment is just as good as the OP and the OP is pretty amazing. 🙌","approval"
"What? A [NAME] supporter purposefully misrepresenting the facts? You don't say.","neutral"
"I remember when wall Wal Mart tried to "overtake" the German market. Eat this Wal Mart.","neutral"
"Right, [NAME] here - "tooting" = fart or follow through? ","confusion"
"Who is telling you looks don't matter at all? Your grandmothers?","confusion"
"Pretty unlikely as those polls are worthless. Also there is no way GOP/Trump would have supported [NAME] over [NAME] if they thought he was the stronger of the two","disapproval"
"This right here is the kind of father I want to be. Thanks for that.","approval"
"Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.","sadness"
"Uh... Where did *I* say skull. I didn't. I think you're replying to the wrong person.","confusion"
"This post makes me facepalm","embarrassment"
"Thank you. It is somewhat comforting to think this may be the real issue and not that she just doesn't want to with me anymore.","gratitude"
"I can see the posters now... "Come to Barnsley, it's full of people just like you". ","joy"
"His wounds weren’t that bad, but probably got infected. Antibiotics fixed him. Good as new. ","approval"
"Who are you again?","curiosity"
"Oof, that was efficient ","realization"
"can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(","sadness"
"Chelsea just signed a striker. We need it we get it mentally. Arsenal is still ducking around as usual. Where is the change?!","curiosity"
"Honestly wish [NAME] would just stop taking threes all together. They just don’t fall for him.","desire"
"DEAD DUCK INSIDE DO NOT EAT. Well, I’m not sure what I expected. ","anger"
"This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor. ","anger"
"60 young men standing around... "Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"","neutral"
"don’t show the FDA /s","disapproval"
"Actually it's true. But it's a misconception around the shyness concept and not about SA.","neutral"
""you can't arrest me!! I'm attractive!"","pride"
"Do you regularly go around calling people a know-it-all when they've generously provided you with specific information you've demanded?","curiosity"
"what a shame that online sellers have made malls obsolete","disgust"
"30 you illiterate fuck","anger"
"No response after a week? That's something to worry about.","nervousness"
"I love this. you get a favorite.","love"
"Then let's point it out even harder! Oh, and by the way, Happy Cake Day!","excitement"
"I love [NAME]. I hope she can hold on in 2020.","admiration"
"Yes but they deliberately ignore what the Bible says and give their pagan traditions more authority than they do to [NAME] Word the Bible.","neutral"
"Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.","caring"
"Was just wondering about the mobile thing. I only use mobile and I've never noticed anything odd. It's not something people would care about anyhow.","admiration"
"I always thought that dent she caused seemed too real.","realization"
"Oh hell no","neutral"
"Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.","anger"
"I wish that were a thing 🙄","desire"
"This and Theielens record are the two biggest highlights of the season","admiration"
"Feels like bathing in warm piss. Can't wait until summer is over.","neutral"
"The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.","sadness"
"True or False, you post in /r/The_Donald ?","confusion"
"Ok now that was epic!","admiration"
"I think the best way to communicate that you’re not sure is not saying anything about it","neutral"
"Get her a gigolo. You don’t stop liking sex when you’re old","disappointment"
"wow, here in Brazil people say the opposite of this phrase, also makes me mad","realization"
"Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.","anger"
"When we talk about being douches it's about being the [NAME], an outgoing guy, shameless and cruel with women.","neutral"
"But also the smell!! People go past KFC and say Mmmm I must get some lol","amusement"
"Well why did you respond to me rather than starting your own comment thread?","curiosity"
"If that's the best you got for being against libertarians then you basically have no serous reason.","approval"
"Afton is relatively small, doesn’t have very many members, and is rather close to other temples compared to Brasilia.","neutral"
"I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!","excitement"
"WHEN I DO BEGIN TO PEAK, ALL OF [NAME] WILL KNOW!","neutral"
"> You first. Really. I have. I reject both, but I can do it separately because they're not necessarily correlated beliefs.","neutral"
"starting a new trend lol","amusement"
"Can you read? It says right there the tweeter’s husband got out to help the woman and ask if she was okay","caring"
"How do you know of this? Also dont spoil for me I'm looking forward to the new episodes.","confusion"
"No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week","annoyance"
"This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.","admiration"
"Wonder how many people are walking around with slimey noses trying to figure out if this does work.... Besides me that is","surprise"
"When you call someone trash and he easily beats you, what does that make you? lol","neutral"
"No that's your interpretation of the truth. A whore is an old and demeaning term for a professional sex worker. You just get off on being degrading to women.","neutral"
"I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand","annoyance"
"Do you.....have a certificate showing you're not a donkey-brained man?","neutral"
"At least the bodies decompose. That plastics gonna be there a while.","neutral"
"They aren’t going to have him skip AAA, but he could legitimately be an option later in the season. ","neutral"
"That feels nice.","love"
"All of Leviticus is wonderful and interesting. (But I do get the point you are making).","admiration"
"Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was "ItGetsThroughBoner".","approval"
"Just let [NAME] run it as a FB","neutral"
"Can you skip second book without damaging the whole series?","curiosity"
"Oh dear, I'm so sorry you are going through this. I don't have any sage advice but I hope things get better for you.","caring"
"It’s the heavy sack. He’s too clogged up from sitting there too long.","neutral"
"I have a feeling this is gonna get really crowded, and end up being a shit show with such short notice for everything.","neutral"
"Source leads to artist’s Twitter page and post :3","neutral"
"kind of funny considering that the fentanyl that is killing people in North America - Canada and USA - comes from China.","amusement"
"... and we are still in the EU ! ... [NAME] help us when we leave !","neutral"
"I’ve heard of “over hard” so a fried egg (like over-easy) but broken yolk and fully cooking it... idk","confusion"
"Life will always get better regardless of ones situation or condition or whatever, life will indeed get better. It might take a while but it will. ","optimism"
"I will never not laugh","annoyance"
"These kids need to not be on this forum 16 is way too young to feel like that tell your mom to pay for a therapist or something","neutral"
"I'm so sorry. That's awful.","disappointment"
"Will do!!!! :D Thank you so, so much!!!","gratitude"
"Hello from America! Tell [NAME] I said 'hello,' as well!","neutral"
"that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing","disappointment"
"Extremely painful to watch","disappointment"
"I think this title is biased. It groups all media improperly.","annoyance"
"Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...","joy"
"I've been really into reading nonfiction lately and ancient religious history sounds fascinating! Do you have any books you recommend?","curiosity"
"It took me way too long to realize that was a claw and not just a smashy thing.","realization"
"Totally read it as [NAME], was confused","realization"
"With those ugly f'n belts","neutral"
"That looks like before Fox even owned it, I was surprised to see it's almost been 30 years","surprise"
". I’m a dude so I took sleeping medication and meditation alike, not respect/reverence for one day dammit.","neutral"
"We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you","caring"
"So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.","anger"
"I feel like it looked like Ru was well meaning at first but after 10 years we sort of see the formula lol","amusement"
"Yes I am. Not sure other than to give me your best answer. Yes, walking in your moccasins is my goal. Thank you.","confusion"
"Us arguing here won’t change a thing in the government","neutral"
"My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.","joy"
"Edward Lear, lovely chap.","love"
"The only character to never let me down","optimism"
"exactly . all these people commenting “i could do that!!!” well guess what ?! YOU DIDN’T.","neutral"
"Why on earth would that happen? Do you really just discard all reality and think of things in terms of a pantomime?","confusion"
"My favorite!","neutral"
"[NAME]. 45th and Lamar. Get some frosty margs going. Been married 17 times. Had every bachelor party there since ‘06.","neutral"
"`YOU WILL DIE IN 5 SECONDS`","neutral"
"Yikes. Be careful out there.","caring"
"What the heck?!","anger"
"You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.","annoyance"
"oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship","amusement"
"To me his not doing it right because he is breaking contact with the skin. Keep contact and go back and forth!","disapproval"
"Y'all i have option one. Lemme tell you. Sex is important. I miss it","neutral"
"Watch again. It's frosted white in the beginning and black (no window) after","approval"
"You look like [NAME].","optimism"
"NOT THE [NAME] ALBUM LMAOOOO","neutral"
"All of this is almost blow for blow identical to the conditioning children in abusive homes go through. Take from that what you will.","neutral"
". I’m a dude so I took sleeping medication and meditation alike, not respect/reverence for one day dammit.","annoyance"
"I stand corrected. IQ is not worthless. Knowing ones own IQ aids in masturbation.","approval"
"Because people hate freedom","anger"
"I agree with this. I'm extremely happy with the hires, but I think the draft may be a bigger tell tale on how the off-season goes.","approval"
"i know, but it's a paper weight?","neutral"
"I’m curious as to how many people they’re going to interview for the OC job. Maybe 2-3?","excitement"
"Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.","optimism"
"thank you for taking the time to answer, im freaking out big time","annoyance"
"Dude. There should be like...underpants with a huge pouch for your balls then. When you age those guys get so saggy.","neutral"
"I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.","desire"
"This actually sounds like cyberpunk slang, I love it","love"
"Hey there [NAME] what's it like in new york city","curiosity"
"I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good","admiration"
"Millennials are from 1981-1995. 1983 falls in that range.","approval"
"We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them. ","neutral"
"Truly a sad day when you can get fired just for having a *heated gaming moment*. We really do live in a society.","disapproval"
"Parks and Rec gets great in season 3. However The Office is still better.","realization"
"I'd not help you either. Not giving that dude a 4k. Although, I'd be looking for hatch instead of nothing.","approval"
"Hey its me [NAME]","neutral"
"Uhh..class 4 is unknown dental class after 13th month without exam or no initial exam. *sorry*","remorse"
"[NAME] is 16 and [NAME] is 19... But she's looks 16 as [NAME] 0.0","neutral"
"“It’s not happening right in front of me if I don’t look at it.”","neutral"
"I’m glad you did","pride"
"Found [NAME].","approval"
"Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids","neutral"
"This interview has so much gold in it. The Wreck it Ralph bit is my favourite.","love"
"Can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not","neutral"
"Eh... that depends. If I knew the customer then I would, if not then probably not.","annoyance"
"I do this with lemons in my water at restaurants and it freaks people out a little sometimes. Lemons are just yummy.","amusement"
"I slightly hate you for triggering my OCD but at the same time it’s glorious","admiration"
"Looks like you're about to hit that Fortnite default dance","neutral"
"Don't forget about the flooding in Houston. :/","neutral"
"They will never find your body... MORE beautiful than all of your loving friends you wonderful person!","admiration"
"Throw them for a real loop and make them confused; "We're not related just twins."","approval"
"If you have any other links handy I'd love to see them.","love"
"I’d crap myself if that happened to me.","neutral"
"I like in Iowa. The weather part is true","admiration"
"To be fair, [NAME] broke his heart first","neutral"
"Yeah, without the music that scene would have been much worse.","anger"
"You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you","disgust"
"This is the most majestic effortless mullet I have ever seen. The blending, the way his wavy locks lay. This is incredible. ","admiration"
"You mean not enough","curiosity"
"Yeah greyhound was shut down here and its not looking good everywhere else","sadness"
"This picture is as old as Tinder. OP is probably a dog for all we know.","neutral"
"What a touching memory, /u/FappingPedant (sincerely!) ","neutral"
"Alarm goes off at 7:50, I'm in the car at 8. I'm a PM/after-work showerer and stay up late as hell to maximize my me-time","annoyance"
"Welcome home, [NAME]","neutral"
"Waaaaaaay too much work. Just make guacamole and salsa and eat it with the [NAME]","neutral"
"No now a days they’re regularly updated to reflect the current stats and rosters. This commercial would have been great for The Show 17.","admiration"
"Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.","neutral"
"I was homeless for almost 2 years, so it's something I feel very connected to. Not a circle jerk for me.","approval"
"Because it would look worse than 2D art.","disapproval"
"[NAME] [NAME], you made me think I was going colorblind for a second! How are there more colors in your rainbow than in mine?","surprise"
"The new stylish stadiums will look outdated in 15+ years. Standard stadiums will still look the same","approval"
"That helps. I would've never guessed you'd style mannequins.","surprise"
"Because you live in a desirable city? This isn’t exclusive to SF.","confusion"
"Me neither weeds is bad","neutral"
"I very much appreciate it.","amusement"
"I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know. ","admiration"
"Goose don’t give a fuck","annoyance"
"Not even going to open the link. Already know I agree with Sloss.","approval"
"No Mayo No Care.","annoyance"
"I've shit my pants walking home from school. Hour long+ walk","neutral"
"And then [NAME] missing a WIDE OPEN corner 3","neutral"
"I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3","excitement"
"This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.","sadness"
"It's not a question of law; it's a matter of school policy.","neutral"
"I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600","joy"
"That's called lust, and is completely normal. Just dont get obsessive and do things to keep you busy and dont be afraid of them feelings ","caring"
"But she can shoot someone in the back of the head and be held responsible for it.","neutral"
"Wow, I was JUST wondering what the bit characters on the show make. $250? - that’s it?!","curiosity"
"Girl here. I don't get why incels think that girls only like tall guys. I mean I'm 4'10 and my boyfriend is only 6'2.","neutral"
"Oh wow I genuinely thought this was funny can’t believe you copped it so hard","amusement"
"Yep. Cool story troll.","admiration"
"Omg so true 😂","amusement"
"With the high turnover rate maybe it does lol!","neutral"
"Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.","annoyance"
"SONNY-TATER!!","neutral"
"It sucks because the guy ruined the name. Also ruined a tiny mustache.","annoyance"
"True, my bad. ","approval"
"Nice. How is prep going??","admiration"
"Oh, real cool! Thanks for the references.","admiration"
"Nobody wants to fight the naked guy.","fear"
"You got me on that one - I did just check and you're right, we didn't actually talk about that particular subject matter. My bad.","sadness"
"You really don't allow children to come forward with bullying until they have video evidence? Lmfao","amusement"
"Yes, let’s start locking up people without any evidence that they did anything illegal. Definitely not an extremist POV.","neutral"
"That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.","admiration"
"I think he’s still around because [NAME] mentioned him in his latest video with [NAME]","confusion"
"The humidity in Sydney is worse.","fear"
"I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.","neutral"
"You’re a joke","amusement"
"That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?","gratitude"
"Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.","approval"
"no, $950 plus enhancements. but with enhancements mine is better than the white Arabian was.","pride"
"There’s at least a thousand hallways that look exactly like that with people that look exactly like that in America","neutral"
"> The headline writers are misrepresenting her words (second publication I have seen in minutes that has done so). Oh wow I wonder why","excitement"
"🎵 *The waiting is the hardest part.* 🎵","sadness"
"Deer needs to make a false injury claim and get paid did you see that fake I got hit jump it did?","neutral"
"There's no doubt that [NAME] is entitled, but I don't think she's evil like [NAME]! ","disapproval"
"I feel like it's the 90s when everybody wanted to make a record label","desire"
"I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.","neutral"
"I am so sorry. My kids are the only thing keeping me going. The loneliness is agony.","gratitude"
"A hug? Lol, shugos new hugs look alot more fluid and faster. Get ready to eat more","neutral"
"It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!","desire"
"Nah I dont think the panthers are good enough","disapproval"
"Help, help, I'm being repressed!","disapproval"
"Then tell me what he's doing, instead of being a racist hypocrite.","approval"
"I have completely lost my voice this period. This has been an insane 11 minutes of play","neutral"
"“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.","anger"
"I realized that. Why I jokingly said they were messing with you. Didn't think you actually spoke with them.","disappointment"
"Danggit. Im mad i didn't think of that","annoyance"
"Lmao good luck getting forgiveness with that","amusement"
"When he said, "IT'S CALLED RESPECT" and gritted through his teeth-- wow, he is just waiting to let his hands fly.","surprise"
"This. Fans complain that she's boring but I'm actually glad she's careful about what she allows to be filmed.","caring"
"Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.","nervousness"
"OP likes the “thrill of the chase”, like most of us!","neutral"
"My legendary jerk off closet.","neutral"
"They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk","approval"
"dont get down on yourself, early NC is very daunting. good luck! (im 11 years NC from nmom....life is good!) ","optimism"
"Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge. ","admiration"
"#Screw you, [NAME].","annoyance"
"omg you like totally caught me!!! i'm just a silly social media girl named [NAME]","embarrassment"
"oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!","excitement"
"Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell","anger"
"> Literally no one cares if you stay or go, Funny you should say that...","amusement"
"Please keep going, this is just making you look worse","caring"
"to google cuz I wasn't alive back then but damn I like em.","gratitude"
"in what universe? lol the mr. blue sky cover is one of the best on the album imo.","neutral"
"If he can't cut his pubes he'll burn it","neutral"
"I hate Detroit","anger"
"Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.","love"
"I'm sorry my Baby [NAME] joke made you so angry.","remorse"
"I was going to say is there even such a sensor? Turns out there is...","realization"
"Sorry to hear that, I have it for ps4 and hardcore dlc servers are still up","disappointment"
"That’s absolutely fantastic but I literally was only pointing out the last time I can remember Connecticut being in the national spotlight.","admiration"
"It's sad how long it took me to get that. Haha got em","sadness"
"Surprise! That fat woman you see on the bus every day is actually this generation's [NAME].","surprise"
"But balance does not include the dark side","disapproval"
"It's all greek to me","approval"
"I both loathe and applaud you","admiration"
"> You seem like I good time see previous statement about being uneducated.","desire"
"sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.","anger"
"free XP*","neutral"
"I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.","annoyance"
"So are we discussing the bill as it is written, or this new imaginary bill you just proposed? ","curiosity"
"Lets call it what it is - grooming.","approval"
"I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.","neutral"
"The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.","disapproval"
"No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.","pride"
"Well I'm happy to know that r/babyelephantgifs exists... Goodbye depression!","love"
"Okay, so that doesn’t really answer my question. Are you suggesting the liability will fall on the towing company with shitty or sketchy reviews? ","confusion"
"Messages like this will always get replies from me, even if it had been about erm punching me?!","optimism"
"We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.","joy"
"The "Nice, nice." Is really cringy for some reason.","admiration"
"Ahhhh That's rich.","excitement"
"Ah ok well I have completed my bachelors degree so I’ll look into subbing as well.","approval"
"It's normal, don't worry too much about it.","approval"
"he is. he will make the Browns proud!","pride"
"Duck fuck goose","neutral"
"I wish this was animated.","desire"
"I mean ILB is a huge hole for this team. Why not protect any prospect? But we'll keep [NAME] and [NAME]...","approval"
"I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].","gratitude"
"Blue was just trying to be fun and lighthearted. Grey is the real cringe...","approval"
"No they scoop slop at the dfac","neutral"
"That is the stuff of nightmares...seriously.","disappointment"
"Are you sincerely saying that [NAME] are bad because they were in the minority?","disgust"
"I have a 1080ti and an i7 8700k and on very fast at 40k bitrate I'm already hitting 50% cpu usage on obs alone, any suggestions?","curiosity"
"[NAME]? For real?","surprise"
"I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.","disapproval"
"GDMNIT! Now I'm hungry!","annoyance"
"Because they are triggered. I’m just stating my opinion. It’s a bit fun.","amusement"
"Why you mad bro","curiosity"
"I'll share some soon. Just as a heads up: There seems to be quite a bit of trickery going on.","confusion"
"I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!","love"
"Oh, [NAME]!","neutral"
"No it's because we're ugly, short, and ethnic ","disappointment"
"This made me chuckle","amusement"
"Yeah I agree. I've seen Jacob's Ladder multiple times. Only Stay twice.","approval"
"That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol","amusement"
"This is so bad that I immediately retold it to everyone I know.","disappointment"
"At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(","sadness"
"Glad I ended my shift early to go relax and gamble at a casino... I had been having some issues since yesterday.. having to close app/restart to advance","gratitude"
"Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.","admiration"
"That way you’ll get both food and laxative all in one. Sounds like a fair trade to me.","approval"
"Oh my, liberals have been busy haven’t they?","curiosity"
"We really need to stick to having helpful titles or a quick tldr.","realization"
"You are such a good boyfriend, keep it up!! I’m jealous :)","admiration"
"The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid","fear"
"Seahawks fans are very bad at just taking the L.","disgust"
"Who said that","neutral"
"why the fuck is this getting downvoted","disgust"
"Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...","disapproval"
"Lol I’m not a [NAME] bro. Sorry man.","gratitude"
"AHAHA I’d love that dream but replace him With [NAME] 😂 or Arizona ","neutral"
"Omg where did you get this?","neutral"
"0 <----- This is how many people were surprised","neutral"
"In what ways?","neutral"
"nah, i know enough","approval"
"I live in that District. I vote [NAME], watch her kicked [NAME] ass(4 time). She's got this.","admiration"
"The pic is Mehenjo-daro?","neutral"
"Well.... fuck","anger"
"YOU DONT SAY","disapproval"
"The greatest of all deals.","optimism"
"How you walk when you're in work and you are the boss.","neutral"
"Nah. I saw a post on IG this morning and screenshotted it","neutral"
"Redditor proves humans are only species to be exempt from evolution by saying "hmm nah"! Scientists stunned!","neutral"
"As someone else has mentioned it is not theft technically. So that will probably only cause more problems for myself.","disapproval"
"Haha, same bro. I am lvl 21 and still playing at least 4hrs a day. Loving it!","joy"
"There are more candies in the picture on those 2 brownies than there are in the entire pack of 6!","neutral"
"I love it","love"
"Oh god [NAME], stick to your day job whatever that is.","neutral"
"How [NAME] doesn't refuse the cooking lessons because [NAME] secretly recorded.","disgust"
"Yes, he's really pushing the Devils to new heights.","approval"
"I assume not unless he gets premonitions of future memes.","approval"
"Sexual frustration.","anger"
"You die.","neutral"
"he’s also in jail now with all the MBS arrests","neutral"
"He is so dreamy...... This thread is going r/suddenlygay real quick","optimism"
"Poor horse, must have hurt a lot.","disappointment"
"Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!","approval"
"It doesn't sound like there is much that isn't a waste of money in your opinion.","disapproval"
"Market ≠ Capitalism Just because something operates within the Capitalist system doesn't make it Capitalist. Just because [NAME] was (supposedly) elected didn't make him democratic","disapproval"
"It’s amazing what they can justify to themselves. I’m not sure if I can believe anything out of her mouth anymore.","confusion"
"Sensationalism as usual","approval"
"[NAME] was better at converting 3rd and 5+ than 3rd and <5 before his injury in 2015.","neutral"
"you obviously dont know how the wilpons work lol","amusement"
"Vr chat is free and you can play it without vr","approval"
"100% scam","neutral"
"The best part of adult snow days is no make-up!","joy"
"Pulling for you so much ❤️. You got this!","love"
"Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.","love"
"Damn, that's low. ","disapproval"
"We're playing great!","admiration"
"I can't tell if you're serious.","approval"
"Nope. Not how things are done around here.","neutral"
"Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.","approval"
"Yeah I go to sleep hoping it's one of those days...","neutral"
"At least my suffering is over.","relief"
"Lets spare him his life from this monstrosity","neutral"
"c'mon OP, I know you would have liked to see that","approval"
" thanks bot! You too man!......Soooooo, what does YOUR hair look like?....","gratitude"
"Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.","disgust"
"I just want instant run off voting, which wasn't one of the three options.","neutral"
"Yes!!! You cannot expect her to be a good mother at 15.","approval"
"Reject your humanity voluntarily and put the pure hatred, lack of moral, sociopathy and sadistic altitude inside of your soul with no way to turn back.","disapproval"
"yes everyone does this!","approval"
"I wonder if it's about a t t e n t i o n s e e k i n g . . .","surprise"
"A fatass? Look at him. You think he cares about his appearance? He’s likely talking about alcohol anyway.","approval"
"What camouflage?","curiosity"
"My friend can't kiss her husband if he's had gluten and not washed his face.","neutral"
"Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut","gratitude"
"Yea. That video is garbage.","neutral"
"Let people worship if they want to. It’s time for us to move forward and focus on bettering our own lives","approval"
"This is what I come to this sub for","approval"
"Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??","confusion"
"It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere","neutral"
"Yea it’s so weird","fear"
"So we not gonna talk about that zone spam 😂","amusement"
"[NAME] can still betabuxx and have an easier life than you will if you have to be alone and support yourself with no help.","neutral"
"Careful, it's hot ","caring"
"I would not bother. He read your message and did not reply yet. So that's already a bad sign and not a good start.","neutral"
"The only flight delay I’ve had at slc is because there was too much rain at lax","disappointment"
"[NAME] doesn't get a vote [NAME]! Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense.","anger"
"She's ugly so that might add some more months.","disgust"
"You are the type of fellow that puts mommy in the cheap home and cashes her cheques, loyalty of a snake.","neutral"
"got em","neutral"
"Same but I’m not really believing the OP isn’t a troll.","neutral"
"more like 69turds","neutral"
"How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling","amusement"
"Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too","neutral"
"Clean it up","neutral"
"It's a troll. Look at the history.","anger"
"I am and have dealt with the consequences, hence my amazing son. Like I said before, hopefully you don't procreate.","admiration"
"They'll investigate themselves and nothing will happen. Detroit police bully everyone. An they wonder why no one likes them, Respects them, Or why people run from them. ","annoyance"
"From what I understand it's effectively an authoritarian state right now.","annoyance"
"Yes but what other sources are there?","curiosity"
"I love the title of it - “Everything Is Going to Be Okay”","love"
"Yeah I’ve also experienced that with work friends I know what you mean. Thanks! Hope it gets better for you too :)","gratitude"
"Lol those stretch marks are from when I was obese...","amusement"
"FISH ARE FRIENDS ... NOT FOOD.'","neutral"
"Not a woosh but ok","neutral"
"> no money at what normal, un-secterian people want! Surely not being sectarian should be considered normal in a civilised democratic society","neutral"
"Haven’t seen that movie either, haha. ","amusement"
"Oh sorry, I forgot there isn’t any paperwork involved in getting a gun.","remorse"
"I got to see some fish at a science museum not long ago and it really brightened my day, too.","approval"
"> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!","admiration"
"My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.","embarrassment"
"No. I'm against the idea that one can "liberate" farm animals in the same way we can liberate human societies.","disapproval"
"There is no way around it :(","sadness"
"Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.","disapproval"
"> The cold hard truth is that they are the source of most of the antisemitism in Europe. Citation needed.","neutral"
"That would be hilariously vicariously through the subterranean passages to the bottom of this post.","amusement"
"Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.","disapproval"
"lmao I didn't realize that error.","surprise"
"[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise. ","admiration"
"Lmao I hope I’m not the only one who gets this","optimism"
"I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.","neutral"
""RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY!" Come on, gimme more [NAME].","neutral"
"Someone being kinda mad is undoubtedly better than someone having their tongue ripped out","approval"
"The bitch doesnt need drag race (bc shes amazing) but im still sad.","anger"
"Woah. This is a whole new fascinating Reddit thing that I never knew about","excitement"
"I tried Nair once. Do not use Nair.","disapproval"
"Nah. It's their job. Just tip well","optimism"
"Woot woot!","neutral"
"Enjoy it! You have a good one for your first!","neutral"
"Hi dying, I'm dad!","neutral"
"Me, too, please.","neutral"
"Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering","sadness"
">it seems everyone is doing that now and I hate being One Of Those Women™. Wait- can you unpack this a little for me?","anger"
"I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.","approval"
"Does it tickle inside your nostril? I always imagined it would be annoying.","annoyance"
"Bruh if y’all haven’t seen ‘Into the Spider-Verse’ yet you gotta stop what you’re doing and go see it.","neutral"
"It's great.","admiration"
"Thats a red flag that you're a big part of his son's life after 5 months. This all seems very immature, both you and him.","caring"
"No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul","neutral"
"I’m really starting to like that kid","love"
"I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.","realization"
"If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time","annoyance"
"You mean the best.","approval"
"If you're not helpless so be super easy to fix.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] not being signed yet is getting on my nerves, am i alone in that?","curiosity"
"That's my impression...I'm pretty new to Reddit, but I've been told that it hides comments once there are too many downvotes.","neutral"
"Lovely act of kindness🤗","admiration"
"Loved his wife.","admiration"
"Hhhhhaaarrryyy [NAME]!","neutral"
"Or because Utah does.","neutral"
"I get what you mean but still that's like mixing ammonia and bleach, it's not gonna go out well.","disappointment"
"So... For me it changed earlier yesterday... Maybe it's a location/language thing","confusion"
"As wholesome as that is... How is that a confession? That's casual discussion.","approval"
"Did you really upload a video you took, of your own cat, to whyweretheyfilming? Seriously?","neutral"
"Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!","curiosity"
"the older i get the more it hurts","sadness"
"Looks fade, having a partnership with people that love and care about each other doesn't have to.","caring"
"Sorry. This happens to too many good people.","sadness"
"Life is nothing but a hell filled with torment, misery and loss.","grief"
"I don’t care what anyone says. Party pizzas are the best frozen pizza you can get. Still mad about them being square now, though.","neutral"
"If you use one of those two I automatically hate you","anger"
"The internet never ceases to surprise","surprise"
"YouTube is also fantastic for this stuff too.","admiration"
"This is so hard to sit through, I can't believe the swearing from this dood, it makes it all the more unbearable","annoyance"
">Her obsession with “her man” is weird as shit though. He's jealous. He still cares about [NAME].","caring"
"I was expecting the surprise birthday, not seen this twist on the sister before. ","disappointment"
"Seriously what?","confusion"
"Attention Bajoran Workers: Your videos our now ours.","approval"
"Ken he's 🎏 but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was","approval"
"What the fuck I thought it was normal to pee before taking a shower and like not pee in the shower Especially if it’s a shared shower ew","annoyance"
"Have fun getting arrested for child porn then! Check your DM’s 😉","amusement"
"This should be everyone's wish.","desire"
"This stands true in FL. We stock up so we don't have any reason to travel.","neutral"
"Kind of wierd to wield something you agree with someone on as a weapon against them","annoyance"
"Kor Is an absolute chad","neutral"
"I have to cuddle my dog so hard right now.","love"
"You can still joke but people will react negatively and will cause consequences","optimism"
"They’re looking sharp!!","admiration"
"Unrelated but happy cake day!!","excitement"
"Here’s hoping!","desire"
"Dad had a heart attack, but he'd been in a fight. Unfortunate circumstances. ","disappointment"
"I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels","amusement"
"I love this meme","admiration"
"Stop eating 3,000 calories a meal?","neutral"
"It’s my ringtone :)","neutral"
"To be fair he did apologize for that one after he learned what Pride was really about but I still wouldn’t recommend going near his Twitter anymore","disapproval"
"I feel extremely bad for people in this thread who are in any way shape or form relying on the federal government to improve their situation.","caring"
"I can hardly wait to see this guy paired with [NAME].","neutral"
"[NAME] is good but he needs to never take a midrange shot again","approval"
"Classic lab. "Man that was really tough, but can we go play now?"","curiosity"
"on that real shit","annoyance"
"Scratch that, tickets go on sale February 7th.","approval"
"Am I the only one who finds this hilarious? Good for her!","amusement"
"I mean, two times zero is zero and that can be a guarantee :D","neutral"
"You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool","disapproval"
"Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy","disappointment"
"This is going to end in absolute tears, the days of hoofball dominating the Championship are long gone, you actually need to play football to get anywhere.","caring"
"Fcking disgusting.","disgust"
"I've been working in engineering jobs for years and I'm not licensed. I don't think most of my former classmates got their license either.","disapproval"
"1k followers on Twitter. Seem to have no sponsors. Not looking good","joy"
"Lol, try harder next time bud. Your swearing really shows who is actually mad here and your stupidity is starting to get really grating.","amusement"
"Trier is low key an awful defender","disapproval"
"Yes, that is exactly what happened.","approval"
"[NAME] has weird ideas about everything.","embarrassment"
"I am not having a great day either. Sending good vibes, hope you feel better :)","disappointment"
"Sacramento fun as hell","amusement"
"I'm not surprised haha","amusement"
"Stop what?","neutral"
"[NAME] fuckin sucks","disgust"
"I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.","joy"
". . .k but it's unlikely since unless you're a liberal and a woman thinking emotionally often shouldn't be a thing.","sadness"
"How tf do you not expect people to find them they're the first things that show up when you search joji","neutral"
"(4) Fufill sexual pleasures","neutral"
"I love this","love"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"MY DADDY SAID THE CIVIL WAR WUZ ABAOT STATE RIGHTS AND HE'S THA BEST BROTHUR I EVER HAD","neutral"
"Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!","caring"
"Thought it looked weird as well.","neutral"
"I didnt know that sub existed,im faaaaaar too excited, thats my next hour of skivving work sorted!! ","excitement"
"extra time goal that keeps us on the run to win the caneco !","neutral"
"Love Mac n Gold","love"
"And in the worst fashion possible.","disgust"
"Hear hear :(","neutral"
"I give you points for making me very surprised to see [NAME] up there. I'm glad he is.","neutral"
"Some of us disagree with the socially constructed sexual binary concerning how we were assigned at birth.","approval"
"[NAME] has filled a speech bubble with savage roasts, froze it, and bashed [NAME] over the head with it. [NAME] has fucking died.","annoyance"
"Me too. Book of Abraham is such a headache for the church. They would love to get rid of it I am sure.","annoyance"
"I have no shame in saying I still have my blanket from when I was a child. And a favorite [NAME] plushie.","disappointment"
"Gonna post this to /r/ukpolitics and see how controversial it becomes...","neutral"
"Don't the [NAME] generally accept inerrancy? It was the universal position of the Church Fathers.","neutral"
"Think about how many times OP has jerked it into those sheets","annoyance"
"In what world do you live in where you actually think you are justified in asking someone to apologise for giving you life? That's utterly arrogant and pretentious","remorse"
"But he did not go in front of [NAME]. He simply slid in front of the gun","neutral"
"It's like muricans don't want to protect their own jobs and are happy to become low-wage dump and burn workers for the owning class.","joy"
"I guess her Bad breath turned him off","approval"
"actually pretty hot tho","love"
"This reminds me to take a before picture. I'm losing 5 kg of beer gut before May, got to fit into that dress. ","realization"
"[NAME] is a gem and I love him but he should really be a DH somewhere","love"
"Oh god another injury","sadness"
"Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha","amusement"
"He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did","sadness"
"Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry","disappointment"
"That would be greatly appreciated.","admiration"
"Uh, people kept asking me if I was jailor and I said no, and based on this chat you can also see that jailor is not smart.","disapproval"
"Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.","gratitude"
"good to hear my man!","neutral"
"A chameleon?","curiosity"
"of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.","gratitude"
"Haha I can imagine! Good on you for doing it though.","admiration"
"WELL IF YOU KNOW THE SOLUTION TO THE PROBLEM WHY ARE YOU POSTING THE PROBLEM ON THE INTERNET","annoyance"
"Well it doesn't matter anyway. Ignore compliments; they don't help you.","disapproval"
"nice!! I'll try this one","admiration"
"i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away","disapproval"
"You're correct.","neutral"
"Thats right. Source- violated probation once. Sat inside.","neutral"
"Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.","fear"
"I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform","love"
"Wait, you don't believe he's infallible? Give an important instance where he has been wrong to prove that please.","neutral"
"It's like an Arts school but with dangerous, easily weaponizable spells being flung all over the place!","fear"
"Helps quite a bit when the opponent forfeits the game by playing a high school QB. This is [NAME] in the playoffs bad.","annoyance"
"I went into business with two friends and none of us speak anymore. Eventually money changes everyone for better or for worse.","realization"
"I see that the facebook and twitter crowd is leaking into our sub. Awesome.","annoyance"
"There are 5 lines, am I crazy?","confusion"
"we can move on when you answer the questions that i have for you are you ready to do that?","neutral"
"Not sure about [NAME], but I think [NAME] would win easily against [NAME]","neutral"
"I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.","annoyance"
"it did really","surprise"
"You die > mom will be sad","neutral"
"It's interesting that you'd prefer to punish yourself instead of making life easier. I'd do the same with some stuff too","confusion"
"This helped me put together some of my thoughts after watching last night, especially how vanilla and ineffective [NAME] looked. Thanks for taking the time to write this out","caring"
"I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.","annoyance"
">hasn't been any form of arrested development Well fuck","anger"
"Much appreciated! I'll surely come back and let everyone know what I find!","admiration"
"This is Brokeback Mountain, isn’t it. A very different kind of smashing. OwO","surprise"
"Personally, I adore capitalism. But that's just me. ","neutral"
"It’s a soulless facsimile of what made B movies actually fun.","amusement"
"It would be a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.","neutral"
"That’s actually a great idea. I didn’t even think of that.","admiration"
"You came at me with attacks, so no, you get NOTHING!","disapproval"
"Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health. ","approval"
"What does the buzz feel like?","confusion"
"I was going for r/truthtoirony","neutral"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** melodesign! ^(hug)","excitement"
"I see what you did there ;)","neutral"
"Guice was a fuckin monster.","annoyance"
"It really does. Great point","admiration"
"OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx","joy"
"Plenty of Aboriginal blokes on here who criticised [NAME] too.","disapproval"
"Mine is 2.5 and trying to drop her last nap. She needs it so desperately though. It is HELLLLLL dealing with this.","anger"
"I would spend money on hots again for this skin !","optimism"
"Otter is another one - think young, slimmer, less hairy ","neutral"
"That [NAME] block on the [NAME] TD was awesome. He sealed the left side with authority.","admiration"
"[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.","neutral"
"You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen... ","optimism"
"I used to hate them too, but since vikendi I’ve gotten pretty used to them ","anger"
"He called [NAME] to the Steelers and was outspoken with how good the Juju pick was.","admiration"
"Is a valid, unsound argument logical?","confusion"
"Happy New Year to you, too!","gratitude"
"Taking a 2-0 in any WTA match is asking for a heart attack. Not necessarily bad though.","sadness"
"The sun has set on the English empire","neutral"
"Why? They deserve it.","admiration"
"Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless","amusement"
"...oh absolutely! ...it's really bad if they're having a mania episode...","neutral"
"Appreciate you!","admiration"
"Lots of tourists like taking pictures with the locals. Don't feel so bad, OP. It's also entirely possible your father was mistaken. ","caring"
"Play stupid games, win stupid prizes... looks like she braced before impact. Probably gets this shit all the time. ","neutral"
"Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.","disappointment"
"You're didn't vote for her you are obviously a racist, sexist, homophobe, you're the worst kinda person.","disappointment"
"Why is this here?","anger"
"[NAME] I hope we don’t have to as long as the Cubbies did to win a WS","optimism"
"[NAME] I wish that was me","desire"
"Oh damn, I was thinking like what kind of monster doing this","anger"
"!!!!! Best girl","love"
"Isn't that why [NAME] is playing him?","confusion"
"It should be people not petting being jerks","disgust"
"Wouldn’t doubt its for good reasons, just didn’t understand what the were.","approval"
"(#1)Just love him/her (#2) Be forgiving","caring"
"She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun. ","realization"
"Being too scared of calling someone isn’t a disability for fuck sakes... use some common sense and grow up.","anger"
"“Facts don’t care about your feelings” is also a good one to chuck back at them.","approval"
"Yes, I just watched it. Thanks man! Cheers!","excitement"
"Ohhhh....this would be easy but....nope....not gunna.....","admiration"
"He’s too old for [NAME]","realization"
"when you watch game reviews and youtube thinks you hate women and minorities","neutral"
"Dude. Do you have any idea what that would cost??","neutral"
"You think they're going to actually compost it or just toss it in the garbage?","neutral"
"Why anyone with unnaturally colored hair would even attempt that is beyond me.","curiosity"
"Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.","amusement"
"Oh, because his sideburns were shaped like stars!","neutral"
"Anyone who downvoted this comment doesn’t understand the necessity of government.","annoyance"
"But the other amendments were scrapped.","neutral"
"thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard","joy"
"ooooooo...yikes","surprise"
"Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!","disapproval"
"The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.","love"
"Underrated joke... haha","amusement"
"We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.","neutral"
"ah, i see. yeah it’s true that the title does seem pretty flippant, though maybe the article itself is better?","approval"
""Figured you might like to learn something."","neutral"
"Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.","disappointment"
"Probably a disclaimer so if they're 2mm short and your cut doesn't work, they can just point at the sign and refuse a refund/return/exchange.","neutral"
"I like you.","love"
"At least no one threw water on him and exacerbated things","relief"
"My family never cared enough, I wish they did...","disappointment"
"Sorry I'm a reddit noob but why do I get notifications of comments on my thread but then they disappear and I can't read them? Lol","amusement"
"Deep blue eyes look weird to me. The rest seems pretty good.","admiration"
"And she wouldn't give it to him. Poor fellow.","neutral"
"At least they were nice enough to cut the stinger off.","neutral"
"> (pun not intended) Yeah, you keep telling yourself that 😉","pride"
"There is going to be an adjustment period at first for sure, but [NAME] would definitely help our defense.","approval"
"I am glad the media got everyone all riled up before this information came out.","joy"
"I would love to know why you think it's awful advice!","anger"
"Man, she must really hate infertile women. ","anger"
"No homo dude nohomo I I I no homo man just no homo OMEGALUL we get it","annoyance"
"I fucking change my mind, something wonderful has happened! Please don't make me go dead, tomorrow.","annoyance"
"The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me ","annoyance"
"I didn’t notice till the replay and honestly, I screamed","neutral"
"I love [NAME], but this sounds like he’s claiming signing a 26 year old superstar is stupid. Come on.","love"
"Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.","approval"
"You can still check your feelings and then see how they’re messing up your facts.","realization"
"Be careful mentioning the word "dio" on the internet.","neutral"
"That’s good","gratitude"
"Mermaids don't exist.","disapproval"
"Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.","neutral"
"I mean purely in the context of these pants he isn’t wrong","approval"
"I would be more offended to be served cereal on a plate.","sadness"
"Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high. ","anger"
"No I dont think I said that anywhere","disapproval"
"damnnn wendell. just willed that one in","neutral"
"If we made him stop once we can do it again!","curiosity"
"Jeepers I should have been asleep two hours ago","realization"
"Wrong. And UBI sucks unless you include an expansive social safety net too","annoyance"
"As a Broncos fan living in KC. GO COLTS!!!","neutral"
"oh yes! i did not know pizza could possibly ever be disgusting until i moved to florida.","realization"
"I’m still using a laptop from 2008, and until last month I was using a phone from 2013. Actually felt bad upgrading the phone.","disappointment"
"We tell our girl friends too when we get asked out :)","neutral"
"Oh [NAME], dont talk about clippers!","fear"
"Omg what simple brilliance. The nbme is a waste of time!? Genius!","approval"
"It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.","disgust"
"This is a customer service gig and you’re flipping people off, maybe you should find another line of work 😂","annoyance"
"Expect the unexpected [NAME] funding secured.","desire"
"My favorite is when he puts his name at the end of the sentence like this. It makes his comment seem so Eloquent! Best, [NAME]","approval"
"At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.","annoyance"
"Title question: Obviously. As has already been mentioned in other threads this very day.","neutral"
"I see, thanks for the clarification.","approval"
"In my experience they suck","neutral"
"Your manager sounds like an idiot. Not saying he/she is. Just sounds like it from this.","anger"
"Lucky for me nothing just broke!","joy"
"Used to be just bad on the 2nd. Now they are folding on other rights as well.","neutral"
"Yeah. Hard not to catch feelings sometimes, even if they are just a bunch of writeoffs.","disappointment"
"Absolutely nothing! LOL","amusement"
"I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes","caring"
"Kept you waiting, huh? ","neutral"
"if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face","amusement"
"You don't know the lawyers I know and the judges I know. Law depends entirely on who you talk to.","neutral"
"Even if you were, all good my dude! Shouldn't comment on something too quickly lol","approval"
"Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.","neutral"
"Yeah bad timing, but thanks for answering tho have a good rest of your day, cheers!","gratitude"
"Ironic, since [NAME] is literally doing that, but with migrant children","disapproval"
"The guy at the deli this morning when I went to get ham looked liable to collapse.","realization"
"So pretty! Great piping!","admiration"
"Stick with us. If only for one more day. Then let’s try again tomorrow.","neutral"
"If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes","caring"
"This. This is too realistic man. Too late for this too.","realization"
"You know nothing about the country if America.","neutral"
"Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)","disapproval"
"Imagine being as fragile as that woman.","disapproval"
"Funding was never the problem of Mass Effect. EA is. You're confirming their bad business strategy.","neutral"
"by the time I found it was a delay it was too late to go back to bed but I didn't have enough time to do anything fun","disapproval"
"Wait, so you uploaded a post in which you did something nice. That's a bit narcissistic. ","admiration"
"Yep. That's what made me kiss my SO for the first time. Those eyes. I don't think I'll ever forget.","disapproval"
"[NAME]... Nice","admiration"
"It would be a crime to not invite him.","caring"
"When he said, "IT'S CALLED RESPECT" and gritted through his teeth-- wow, he is just waiting to let his hands fly.","optimism"
"Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall. ","admiration"
"[NAME] death is just so..... senseless. Why? WHY??? The based gods have forsaken us","confusion"
"What accent does the man talking in the video have? It sounds Scottish to me, but I'm just guessing.","curiosity"
"We aren’t done until we are mathematically eliminated. Always hold out hope","neutral"
"My best friend missed the play using the restroom too. He thought there was a halftime-like break between the 4th and OT.","realization"
"Do I complain when the for profit website is linked on here daily?","neutral"
"You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.","approval"
"That’s reasonable","approval"
"The look on her face when she lies is like one I’d expect on a 6 year old who thinks he’s being cute.","admiration"
"It must suck to be so boring that all you can talk about is an expensive watch","annoyance"
"ah i was also confused but i think they mean friends around the same age","confusion"
"That's interesting, considering that the other area is Mt. Tremblant, which is a real area of Quèbec.","neutral"
"Are you in enough of a hurry to get in anyway? (Morbid humor, sorry. That’s really horrific.)","fear"
"FYI not all skinheads are racists. [NAME] suck and should be confronted.","disgust"
"It still has the potential to be permanent if no alternative is found.","optimism"
"they already ruined their own lives by having an affair. the other spouse knowing is just a consequence of their selfish actions.","disappointment"
"That’s the most intelligent question I’ve ever been asked. I *could* answer it...","admiration"
"I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part","joy"
"I take everyone that visits me over to Lands End .. I'm a huge fan of the hike from there back to Sea Cliff!","admiration"
"Mine do honestly, but I try not to use mine much when I’m in public with people because that’s tacky.","neutral"
"[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.","embarrassment"
"[NAME] has progressed so much this season. Took him a little bit to start getting his confidence but I’m a lot more excited about his future now","admiration"
"shhhh before you make the neocons angry","neutral"
"[NAME] just knocked him over but okay cool","amusement"
"No, but ever age, build or height does that have that problem. Think about it...I may have expiriences something like that...","neutral"
"Oh yeah you would have definitely gone in to 'save' another country.","pride"
"You’re a nut if you don’t think the pubs are far more corrupt than the dems.","embarrassment"
"Love the headline though","love"
"[NAME] you are a freak.","amusement"
"Saw this a couple days ago and had to stop it and rewind!","neutral"
"Even a powerline adapter won't save you from the laggy mess that is SFV","neutral"
"Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community","caring"
"A buddy of mine took his exes ring and taped it to the top of a firework mortar then set it off. It was glorious","amusement"
"Poor kitty! I’m sure she’ll feel okay again soon. Lots of TLC in order","sadness"
"Honestly, an obvious possibility is you find the men who you are banging other than him to be more attractive. ","neutral"
"They seem to be about 1/2 the price anyone else has quoted me, so it`s a good place to start, thank you!","gratitude"
"People aren't currently talking about taking in more refugees so you won't hear word one about helping homeless vets.","neutral"
"I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!","annoyance"
"[NAME] did it first!","neutral"
"No, they don’t. No morning after pills/contraception pills are free, even at the clinics","disapproval"
"I hope she wins next week","excitement"
"Really? Shucks! I’ve never seen it...thought it was a perfect add. My bad.","neutral"
"Lol, no.","amusement"
"IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair. ","remorse"
"Hey, your hair looks great! As a fellow curly girl I'm just wondering what your routine looks like?","admiration"
"Shoes in flesh-matching nude are as bad as leggings in flesh-matching nude","neutral"
"Super fucking lucky","neutral"
"Right on [NAME] having a big year, but [NAME] was super disappointing this year.","disappointment"
"Yeah, this just sounds like the usual Seattle understatement.","approval"
"I see, Unfortunately I don't think equity has ever turned out well in history. Humans have tried many times and failed with catastrophic consequences.","disappointment"
"Chi snowing. Can't get a break.... Also I'm crushing it.","annoyance"
"Haha. Got ‘em. Also this just in: Los Angeles is expensive. In other news, unrest in the Middle East.","amusement"
"Both the odour AND the smell! Poor guys.","annoyance"
"Very true thank you for the insight, this does help as I need to remind myself this is a new relationship and part of our reconciliation.","approval"
"Yeah you’re right, I’m not fit for the position! Thank you for giving me the right words to say. ","gratitude"
"Please make this happen. It works fine for Arizona. It will work fine here. Do it.","optimism"
"WTH?! Sorry, but you might need better friends! That is wrong. So wrong. ","annoyance"
"Not my sub not my problem","disapproval"
"oh no [NAME] wud is u doing","desire"
"The fact that such awful designs exist almost makes me want to stop wearing leggings. *Almost.*","annoyance"
"You're coming so close to a realisation. So very, very close.","approval"
"😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.","neutral"
"Probably vallied out man haha","neutral"
"You’re not winning this one. Move along.","disapproval"
""Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny".","anger"
"Another place Canada wins. That is crazy. There is basically no oversight on alternative medicine down here. Caveat emptor I guess.","joy"
"GG haha 😉","amusement"
"This comment has been removed for breaking Rule 3: "Top level comments must contain a genuine and unbiased attempt at an answer."","neutral"
"Didn't go, but that's a killer picture.","annoyance"
"There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.","disapproval"
"If you don't get that hook one shot combo with hog now, it's over. Not looking forward to that when I play Hog.","anger"
"OMG make it I want to be in on the ground floor of something #INVEST INVEST","excitement"
"I am glad I found this subreddit "gatekepping" is a phenomenon vocab btw.","joy"
"There's also Miami (India) and Liberia (USA).","approval"
"While out at the beach for a weekend for her birthday. There was no final straw, I just wanted to. ","neutral"
"I love making fun of social outcasts.","amusement"
"What’s with the video being off?","neutral"
"Sounds like people who are making a career out of being part of the bureaucracy have come across hard times. Shucks.","neutral"
"I don’t know anybody of 22 who gets 10 hours of sleep every night","curiosity"
"Hey there, did you fall from a vending machine cause you looking like a snac ","annoyance"
"Also makes you a lot more likely to repeat mistakes.","anger"
"Let me know how that spicy coco turns out please!!!","curiosity"
"It looks like it may be some type of munchkin cat since it has short legs","curiosity"
"Ive always wanted someone to tell me how beautiful my protein powder looks.","admiration"
"lmao ok buddy good luck with those demonstrably false statements in future","optimism"
"Wow that has to be the best advice I’ve ever gotten. Thank you","admiration"
"Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.","annoyance"
"“she’s turned the weeans against us!”","anger"
"My favorite so far is "national emergency declares national emergency."","neutral"
"Car just saw a chance to escape. Car took the chance.","neutral"
"I have stories about some, lived in one that was $3500 a month and you had to sign a 3 month contract. Also not covered by insurance","neutral"
"You have been rewarded my friend.","admiration"
"[NAME] - u said","neutral"
"This question belongs in askreddit or the like. They can deal with the sexist crap this is going to dredge up.","admiration"
"I love this; now when commies say they had the word "libertarian" first, we can say we had class analysis first!","joy"
"This seems to be a dog whistle.","approval"
"Aw crap you're right. Sorry I suck at names and shit","remorse"
"It was complimentary. Was it a fly? Quiet possibly.","approval"
"Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???","anger"
"good to see your story had a happy ending!","approval"
"good luck watching your career tank when you insist on working with a person because of their gender rather than their skill and talent..","optimism"
"Oh nice, VB using him as their own populist tool to grab the attention of the overtly racist and scared of brown people.","neutral"
"FYI!!","neutral"
"“we love [NAME]!”","love"
"I'm just gonna hit "back" now. See you guys.","joy"
"That "you see" sentence tipped me off too. So strangely written. And very self praising.","disappointment"
"MY JOB IS NOT MY FRIENDSHIP CURRENCY","realization"
"Wtf? Really?","anger"
"wish stuff was like this with my dad. Lucky kids and lucky dad","admiration"
"Obviously because libtards cant read big paragraphs. We need them to be broken up like that or we wouldnt be capable of understanding his super smart answer.","neutral"
"Because the other option is Labour And they are treacherous","remorse"
"This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.","anger"
"I'm 33 and every year I'm more sure I never want children. I am perfectly happy with my husband and our cats. ❤️","approval"
"hard to bound with half team who leave after every season","approval"
"Tickets to a 2008 Preliminary Final, paper print out version too, incredibly random.","admiration"
"[NAME] didn’t just fight dogs, he, personally, tortured them too. He isn’t a dog fighter, he is a sociopath.","anger"
"These are the same people who make fun of single women who own pets.","approval"
"Why this post is downvoted? It makes me happy to read something like this.","curiosity"
"I think I got gout from watching this.","sadness"
"That’s blasphemous 😩","neutral"
"Good lord [NAME], just don’t buy it","neutral"
"Any other reasonably priced recommendation?","curiosity"
"I was about to say the exact same thing so I will add Review to the list instead.","neutral"
"so who do you think were gonna face in the playoffs???","neutral"
"She looks like snooki bro","approval"
"If he really believed those things, he was naive as hell.","neutral"
"What a great comeback win! I think that [NAME] goal gave the boys the confidence they needed for the 3rd!","admiration"
"Tell her off yourself (and poke her in the back) that she's way too old and way too heavy to be pulling this stuff.","neutral"
"Thank you. I realise I have to start from scratch","gratitude"
"At least we aren’t getting blown out. And Vegas is hot right now","approval"
"You smile warmly at people.","gratitude"
"Wow another person in Dunedin uses Reddit","surprise"
"TBH she kind of brought it on herself. I'm glad the GM came to his senses.","joy"
"Only misogynistic people are offended anyway. Most men would look over a Gillette commercial about rape the same as they would overlook a tampon commercial.","embarrassment"
"Literally has a sign on top of the screen that says OUTFRONT...","neutral"
"OW MY LEG!","sadness"
"Medley? 🤮","curiosity"
"Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.","gratitude"
"I had the same thought","surprise"
"Yeah, as I'm being resuscitated in A&E, I'll remember to let them know about my workers comp. #america","neutral"
"Must have got the same person in who did that [NAME] statue.","optimism"
"I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.","disapproval"
"Except forming an opinion of a topic without even having basic knowledge of said topic makes you sound pretty arrogant and entirely undercuts your opinion.","disappointment"
"This is my biggest pet hate of all time!","anger"
"lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :)","amusement"
"What? This isn't boys' night. I don't see [NAME] anywhere.","neutral"
"No problem. Didn't mean to nitpick. Good luck with the exam!","gratitude"
"BLESS THIS WOMAN AND HER EVIL FAMILY","desire"
"I bet your all of the rage at parties","optimism"
"Hard. Social anxiety/general fear/uggoness kept me from actually getting dates and i was extremely awkward when I finally stopped anxie-puking to actually go on the date.","embarrassment"
"That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.","disappointment"
"Don't be coy were talking about the active ingredients here not the plant itself.","annoyance"
"Guess you don’t understand that the Citizens United vs FEC ruling came around 26 years after [NAME] was president.","neutral"
"Apparently young children have to figure out breathing through their mouth. I forget at what age that typically occurs, but yeah...","approval"
"I just changed my status and didn’t have it show up on the feed to draw attention. Those within my circle of friends already were aware.","neutral"
"was the dad just seeing things when he smacked [NAME] hand away?","curiosity"
"FLY EAGLES FLY!!!","neutral"
"thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.","gratitude"
"Damn that was super fucking good.","admiration"
"You bet, sweetie ;) But I date girls so don't get too excited <3","neutral"
"Thank you for the advice!","gratitude"
"The username oh god I'm having violent flashbacks","neutral"
"[NAME], just keep doing exactly what you’re doing. I LOVE YOU SO MAAAACH.","admiration"
"And then you see some idiots in the street walking with their speakers listening to reggaeton out loud (at least in Spain).","annoyance"
"I'm more worried about it randomly saying daddy across the top ... Like that's normal","nervousness"
"Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!","gratitude"
"Thanks. I'll let him know he needs to step his game up.","gratitude"
"Scary times we live in.","surprise"
"very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)","admiration"
"Congratulations! Your post just made my day so add that to your list of successes today 😊","gratitude"
"You mean anti-intelligent","confusion"
"I legitimately had a hard time believing such terrible people exist until I encountered one for myself!","disappointment"
"[NAME] looks like one of [NAME] children.","neutral"
"Yeah it's like there's no difference between a prostitute or a girl they date except that one is free and has less diseases.","approval"
"Your driving makes me sick [NAME]","annoyance"
"One more pos to add to the heap.","optimism"
"Orisa will actually fair better than most if the orisa has good fortify usage. Mainly decreases effectiveness for dva and rein.","realization"
"That's not what follows from that at all.","disapproval"
"You know a giant lady as a character would be very interesting in my opinion.","amusement"
"That’s how I outfitted my team in that awesome red and black colossus armor.","admiration"
"The Subbanator!","neutral"
"They got washed away by the endless sweat from his forehead.","neutral"
"Sorry, I live in the real world. Just because you don't like facts doesn't mean they don't exist.","realization"
"Hot dog!","neutral"
"Predatory towing is getting ridiculous. I have up to date stickers for all the properties I maintain and have been towed twice. Fuck em.","disgust"
"Do you want a good time or an **incredibilis** time?","neutral"
"LOL I work at HPE and I was about to share this with our new hub director...glad I watched the last 2 seconds.","amusement"
"That guy (his dad?) was so proud he threw that strike!","excitement"
"Still no!!!!","neutral"
"I was just busting chops. Glad to hear your health is better. I think you've inspired a post on r/intj my friend. Stay tuned.","joy"
"Thanks! Life often ends up being the most beautiful when you least expect it :)","gratitude"
"Why are you assuming the guy will be locked up? What terrorists have we released from prison?","curiosity"
"Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning. ","disgust"
"[NAME]. i love it","admiration"
"I'll help hide the shovels beforehand","caring"
"I liked the magic but it's really superfluous. Dr [NAME] is literally just ironman with a bad accent, like why does this exist","approval"
"Sad and very true though. Case in point.","sadness"
"This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂","fear"
"Ok cheers. I’m banned from there","joy"
"Dang something actually useful rather than a skin we won't use cuz we already have Belzebub","optimism"
"My point is that since they should both get the same sentence...it doesn't matter who is who. Push them both in...","anger"
"I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point ","disapproval"
". . . Uh huh, interesting","excitement"
"It seems to be either forgotten or overlooked that the Jags offense also lost [NAME] and [NAME] last offseason.","neutral"
"That was a quick delete!","admiration"
"Holy shit, it's never occurred to me I'll still be anxious at 50. Thanks for this, very informative","annoyance"
"Yes it does. I kept doing this for 2 mins. But yes it can still be reassigned manually at the command center I'm sure","approval"
"The EU's 'red lines' are in treaty and legislation. The UK's red lines are just May's opinions, they could disappear in two minutes.","neutral"
"Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.","disapproval"
"PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-","disappointment"
"No... that's literally our first rule.","neutral"
"How is this long AF? It's like 20 seconds reading.","disappointment"
"Thanks man, likewise for you","gratitude"
"I think [NAME] is honestly just a whack job.","annoyance"
"I wonder if the insurance company would go after the gun range or just drop the homeowner because they obviously lived in an unsafe area.","surprise"
"Wow after that [NAME] turnover, I've never turned off a game so fast","excitement"
"Moms name is Salad. They call her 'suh-LAD' so she can feel included.","neutral"
"Definitely surprised we took out [NAME] there. We needed to finish the quarter strong and it went straight to shit when he left.","surprise"
"Idk I always hear thing about them like they’re all monsters","fear"
"My suspension of disbelief was shot, I don't even know if the court case ended with a hell in the cell match","disappointment"
"I was surprised the general public hadn't already heard of them tbh. They have been around for quiet sometime.","surprise"
"This looks really cool. r/twobestfriendsplay would love this.","love"
"Says who? Comedians can joke about anything as long as it's funny to their audience.","annoyance"
"sub banner is a giant neon "BOTTOM TEXT" hmmm I dunno, man.","neutral"
"Can't. Prequel bad. Bearded [NAME] Man idea bad. OT era only good thing.","admiration"
"Omg!! They are kinda turning [NAME] into new [NAME].","curiosity"
"This and the Minneapolis miracle; I've never had so much pure uncontrolled emotion pour out of my body!","admiration"
"Welcome to the subreddit!","approval"
"Thank you!!","gratitude"
"Watch out for alcohol","neutral"
"this is the type of high level discussion I come to this sub for!","neutral"
"Jordan it doesn't have any terminal illness","neutral"
"Ya know... a helmet never hurt anyone","neutral"
""Oh ho ho! Delightfully devilish, [NAME]!"","neutral"
"Thank you. I hope we can both/all stay true to ourselves and not to become cynical about others due to our experiences.","gratitude"
"There will always be ways for people that selfish to be more selfish. It's their superpower. 😂","optimism"
"I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.","fear"
"[NAME] believe in evolution and the hat isn't racist just because you say so. Quit trolling.","neutral"
"Try to be rational instead of angry.","neutral"
"These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.","annoyance"
"Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.","sadness"
"To quote [NAME], "What an eyesore!" ","neutral"
"No it takes at least 14 days and if she’s had her period it’s very unlikely she was pregnant before NYE","disapproval"
"This.. im sorry but this is a dumb reply. Ofc it was fake kindness golly","remorse"
"[NAME], with his 8th appearance he's the most veteran player there","admiration"
"When you think milkshakes aren't decadent enough, now we have cakeshakes!","excitement"
"Just mad that you have to wait another 6 months for your cake day","annoyance"
"Jokes are even more terrible lately","fear"
"I drove off 170 onto 40 and was surprised by the lack of brakelights.... keep it closed haha","amusement"
"Thanks for sharing your thought. You have a fair and reasonable perspective. Happy New Year!","admiration"
"Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.","amusement"
"Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV","approval"
"I honestly can't tell if he really doesn't care or if he's just soft af... or maybe both lol","amusement"
"he's clearly not equipped to argue, i can't decide if he's a dumbass teenager or a dumbass boomer. ","neutral"
"Except that he's doing it because there's an election quickly approaching.","curiosity"
"I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps. ","disappointment"
"Yea, it's a waste of bullets. ","approval"
"The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.","annoyance"
"You remember this sub on the month of release? it was an absolute shitstorm","disgust"
"[NAME] back too please. It's like [NAME] summoning the nazguls to retrieve the ring/stop 10IAR.","annoyance"
"> But it says progressive right in their name.... Here's a beautiful girl for you... ^^/s","approval"
"Fuck you, u/SamuelZeign ! Your breath smells funny.","amusement"
"Thank you...next","gratitude"
"Me too. At least we acknowledge what we are and don't make up excuses in that regard.","joy"
"get a doorway pull up bar, pop a couple everytime you pass by it. Helped me reach 20","neutral"
"You can't see me, Vern.","neutral"
"> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.","neutral"
"Astounding. People died. And the church's response is "Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"","relief"
"Any weaving subreddits you'd recommend?","curiosity"
"We have one, a daughter, and she is 8. She believes in [NAME], but she really loves science and asking hard questions :)","love"
"We shot like 35 free throws, bud, we would've won by 16 if we made them all","neutral"
"Phew ...","neutral"
"not at all. Hong kong streets and roads are super narrow. I get claustrophobic there.","admiration"
"Ah I see, maybe the [NAME] have a touch more romantic interaction between the two than the web novel.","realization"
"Oh my [NAME] how did I miss that😂","curiosity"
"And most ironic. We created the language but people still don’t properly understand us as the mutated the damn thing","annoyance"
"Fournier with at least one air ball a game","neutral"
"[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 ","neutral"
"Did you know that [NAME] and [NAME] named one of their children after a suburb in Pretoria? How cool is that!","curiosity"
"FS haha you are some guy. >"Not even the [NAME]" Purely hyperbolic i imagine ;)","amusement"
"Nerves? If he knows you well enough, he will understand?","neutral"
"And none of them give a damn about the [NAME]. Very telling.","neutral"
"My first thought was ahh who was the RuPaul contestant with the insane legs? [NAME]!! Legs for dayssssss!! Thanks for saving my brain!","confusion"
"Who took the photo?","curiosity"
"Right on. Thanks!","gratitude"
"It was such a strange error.","neutral"
"I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]","desire"
"It seems there is strong agreement on all sides that "Nothing changed" now. Is that progress? /s","neutral"
"As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.","disappointment"
"It's fishphobic!","neutral"
"Ah [NAME] trying to save the faith by strawmanning amazing.","neutral"
"Whoever told you that is lying.","neutral"
"Funny, I don't know a single MRA who's been accused of sexual assault... but I know plenty of feminists who have...","amusement"
"What a fuckin n","anger"
"Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.","admiration"
"It's my birthday today, so thank you, I guess? I hope something nice happens to you too.","caring"
"Fuck that its not my money they're giving him. I want a goalie with a .970 sv% dangnabbit.","annoyance"
"I have a feeling [NAME] and [NAME] aren't staying with the WWE once their contracts ends this year anyways.","neutral"
"So glad she died","approval"
"Even this very sentiment! /r/ofcoursethatsathing","approval"
"Has anyone actually read the terms of service. I haven’t...😔 Is this a valid reason to break the contract I signed?","curiosity"
"..and it's awful. What a waste of money.","disgust"
"This is dangerous.","disapproval"
"Shouldn't have watched battle tendency. Now I frequently have fantasies about the ideal male body and feel more and more homosexual by the second.","annoyance"
"Damn this is dope","anger"
"Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.","love"
"I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].","pride"
"This isn't Craigslist, post is removed.","neutral"
"Sorry to hear it man. Grief is the appropriate thing to feel. I hope she is happy in the afterlife. Peace be with you both.","optimism"
"And then they say, “HAHAHAHHA IT WAS RIGHT THERE WOW!”","realization"
"I’d gladly","joy"
"At least the shots we're getting are counting. Edit : LIKE THAT WOOOO","neutral"
"You clearly read about the young [NAME] footage and made his very bad fan fiction","anger"
"I’ve never felt so blessed that I live in a country with wide open roads.","pride"
"Sometimes the mouse attacks the snake ! I think you should start dating if he is going to be a asshat.","annoyance"
"How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing. ","amusement"
"Don't worry, [NAME] can't even pronounce Kombucha.","neutral"
"(i'm tickled to see the tag Kalamity catching on around here)","neutral"
"I probably would have upvoted it for effort.","admiration"
"Where was this claim that they were the rightful owners of the fiat currency? I'm guessing that did not hold up in court..","neutral"
"That's amazing!","admiration"
"I'm down for a [NAME] frenemy alliance along the lines of [NAME]","approval"
"Get em chief, fuck em, I find those people annoying as hell and I barely even use Instagram/twitter","anger"
"They could just lie! And then only musicians who look at it and can do reasonable sightreading would know they're lying.","neutral"
"One of the most memorable games I’ve been to. And I got some great seats for an even better price.","embarrassment"
"[NAME]. Hands down. When your own mother doubts your abilities you've got some problems.","caring"
"We’ll have to wait and see next year when we deploy him exclusively in high leverage situations in the post season","neutral"
"Pray for America. We’re a wrong country and love to be wrong.","annoyance"
"I love you raccoon go blazers","approval"
"Thank you so much, this is beautiful","gratitude"
"Yea this past season her outfits were horrid","fear"
"I’m just gonna go ahead and call bullshit on most of the details of this story.","anger"
"Interesting my bodies blurry but I wanna dtW that","neutral"
"I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it","joy"
"Thought about that too, guess it's just not the games intention to make the player a part of the things happening in it...","disappointment"
"Hey, I love you! 😁","love"
"Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)","gratitude"
"Am I the only one that likes the original better? It was cuter","love"
"It seems hazy, and there’s been conflicting messages","confusion"
"Just added that information. Thanks","gratitude"
"Are you special? The game came out long after the school year began.","optimism"
"GG Bois 20 more to go until 90 mother of pancakes!","neutral"
"I bow to the mighty OP, this is perfect","admiration"
"If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.","approval"
"Dude yeah. Worst part, guy comes in the morning. So already our daypart goes up to like 2 minutes because of that guy ","approval"
"No offense, but you are jumping in conclusions that may be as incorrect as blaming [NAME]. ","disapproval"
"thats even scarier haha","amusement"
"OP please message a local woman's refuge as soon as you are able. They will be able to offer you advice in a supportive environment.","optimism"
"I should have concurred","neutral"
"Its weird because I didn’t say “house cat” I just said “cat” yet you felt the need to correct me.","admiration"
"My man.","love"
"I'm watching the Kings broadcast, and let me say [NAME] doing play by play is entertaining.","joy"
"She's a nutjob, but this is a really good quote, lol. ","amusement"
"Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule","approval"
"I mean, I acknowledged that I'm not going to become a GM lol, but could you elaborate?","realization"
"Hes not the best at communication which is a big red flag in my book","fear"
"Defense that's why","neutral"
"Good! We need him to serve bops so pop can win some more","admiration"
"Annihilate the furry and bring honor to my house.","approval"
"Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win ","approval"
"Nice try @ some dude. Also i joke around my gf on the same topic, she doesnt believe me","admiration"
"I don't know about that. Old Liz managed to earn around $90k over the past couple of years.","disapproval"
"You'd be surprised how much control [NAME] has in your life. I've experienced it first hand. Mentally.","realization"
"This was a year where late breakers broke towards [NAME]. Whereas late breakers broke towards [NAME] in 2016. That explains how she did so well.","neutral"
"That’s because it’s stupid and nobody wants it!","annoyance"
"Yeah this is pretty eye opening. I’ve had pretty weird relationships with my reflection in the past but thankfully it’s not always this way.","approval"
"You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you","neutral"
"It wasn't a good idea then... it's been 10 years, why do you still think this was funny?","annoyance"
"Even the worst pyramid scheme pays out something.","optimism"
"Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right","approval"
"because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste","love"
"i had one but it kept buffering and drove me nuts, caved and went to a lakers stream :/","neutral"
"[NAME] missed it solely because they've moved from the Rookies vs Sophomores format.","disappointment"
"chippy chippy ball","annoyance"
"Thanks again!","gratitude"
"Oh i had it where whoever you didnt pick becomes the mastermind","neutral"
"Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!","love"
"Why are you taking a picture of a playground? Lol","amusement"
"Well that is perfect for going pew pew online, do you use the fixed lte or the rain sim only deal? ","neutral"
"men who drink almond milk regularly have more ejaculate fluid and experience multiple orgasms.","neutral"
"I am impressed with how fast he located the position of the camera, that takes real skill inside Amway..","amusement"
"The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid","admiration"
"Irrelevant, actually You're both talking about different things","realization"
"From the article "They stun it, and then he knifed it." Not sure which doese the kill though.","neutral"
"I am a 22 year old male... i hope to give mine away to a amazing girl someday...","admiration"
"Well I WISH SOMEONE WOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT","desire"
"Love how she was able to find a 'rabbi' from N anti-Semitic group to "prove" her defense of anti-Semitism. Just fantastic. /s","love"
"That’d what you think.","neutral"
"Upvoted because [NAME] is a good boi and can’t help it, but tbh it makes me sad to see him struggle like that..!","approval"
"That's gonna take a fuckton of Eco products.","neutral"
"if you logged in that complicates things... i honestly still doubt they would really go after you, but technically they could if they wanted to.","confusion"
"Despite how selfish that seems, I respect the honesty. ","admiration"
"> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks","admiration"
"Here too. I just find weird colorful stuff and hope it doesn't clash too bad.","neutral"
"Oh boy I was wide awake when I lost my under 51.5. [NAME] can go fuck his ugly self","disgust"
"i am not a lesbonim so no (that's another friends reference btw)","neutral"
"Still my nightmare aged 34....","neutral"
"My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.","neutral"
"So you’re telling me you think [NAME] is better than [NAME] whatever you say man","disapproval"
"It's funny cause you say socialists have an "ignorance of economics" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism. ","amusement"
"I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho. ","neutral"
"Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it.","amusement"
"Moms name is Salad. They call her 'suh-LAD' so she can feel included.","neutral"
"His DBPM as well as his OBPM is better than Embiid's","neutral"
"This happens all the time when guys pick me up. I don’t know anything about cars. Just tell me the color","realization"
"He helped him up. And [NAME] walked back, mad at himself for falling for it","annoyance"
"I want to know how she thinks you can convert fat into muscle","approval"
"People who eat themselves to death are mentally ill in my opinion. Homicide is a deliberate and unlawful killing of a person by another person.","disappointment"
"yeah my face goes numb in 20 degrees and lower windchill, I can't even imagine how I would feel in that!","realization"
"It makes sense to me. I am a republican in that sense but hate the GOP for the most part.","anger"
"I’m so sorry. You deserve so much better.","realization"
"If that's ice cream, then honestly I eat ice cream from a cup at home. It's great for portion control.","admiration"
"I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.","disapproval"
"Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!","pride"
"$2M AAV, love this deal","admiration"
"Btw I’m totally including myself in the karmahungry section but that pic was just too appropriate to not share","approval"
"exactly. so the kids who are going to the game probably already go to tons of games anyways...which are in the evenings...","neutral"
"DeepRekt Chain! Oh man, the rekt on that chart is something to behold.","neutral"
"the one time i read the comment... thE ONE TIME","neutral"
"I live in So-Cal near the beach, im over it. Its weird planning vacations to go other places when you live in a vacation spot.","amusement"
"I take it they want to have sex with 🐇s.","desire"
"Well ‘hanging with the bros’ is happening either way. It’s what I do in the morning.","neutral"
"You poor poor fellow","sadness"
"Video...must get video when popping in the pubic region. Now go to your room.","neutral"
"Considering that was an already exploding market this is kind of a big deal I guess.","curiosity"
"The lead designer, not the producer :)","realization"
"Healthy attitude here","joy"
"yes, he has 1 open seat in the back row left..","neutral"
"Omg, the hands touch the chicken, go off screen and then touch the salt. My mind is contaminated with Salmonella. ","surprise"
"Not if ya delusional boi here buys it first","neutral"
"> You could probably argue that they'd be fine with giant steaks and BBQ Pretty sure I mentioned it.","optimism"
"Man i wish [NAME] expelled you for forgetting your minder binder instead","neutral"
"Ok. First I've heard pregnancy helping with tips. Thanks for sharing.","caring"
"That looks so delicious! What are the beans?","neutral"
"So like most of the pros you got more time to play blackout. Which is the only good thing about this game.","curiosity"
"PC Plod. The old bill","neutral"
"Every time you share this with someone you teach your body that you don't need to hide this.","disapproval"
"I wish there was a way to separate the moderation function of karma from the “I agree with you/I don’t agree with you“.","desire"
"Still doesn't apply. 5 hits from [NAME] will do way more than 6 hits from [NAME]. Quality vs quantity.","admiration"
"I like how the money blows into her face halfway-through. That's some quality filming.","neutral"
"Gotcha, I definitely need to work on my whiff-punishing game then. Thank you, this was extremely helpful.","gratitude"
"It is a fictional llama...how much PC do we actually need?","neutral"
"At least you’ve got a top-notch pooch standing by.","annoyance"
"Sooo...Kyle is jealous of LVP's Queen Bee status.","neutral"
"You can’t change my mind about the officiating, I know what I’ve seen","anger"
"I'll take a window seat for lmao at this.","desire"
"Yeah I totally wasn’t going to until I saw this comment.","disapproval"
"My ex would have believed that kinda stuff too. Some people aren’t really into movies","annoyance"
"Trains were literally travelling the wrong direction that day","neutral"
"Ill try my best. I can atleast try and looksmatch at 5'6. AlphaM is 5'6.","approval"
"If they hadn’t played the Vikings in SBIII it’s a guarantee they would’ve lost","neutral"
"I don’t currently have a cool [NAME], but my two best work girlfriends are *both* married to [NAME], so. ","disappointment"
"Aww man this sucks, but at least he’s going to Europe, so I’m happy for him! Goodbye [NAME]! ","admiration"
"Chicago has had mostly mild winters lately, so when it gets really cold or snowy lately we complain more. ","neutral"
"So you're saying my man was murdered...","confusion"
"Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Woops. I'll keep it that way. Never be tired AF and post on reddit y'all.","approval"
"If that's a euphemism for "emotional thinking" then I agree with you","approval"
"Iunno, looks pretty Western to me.","neutral"
"Casual uber ad","neutral"
"Hopefully no one was sitting on his lap at the time!","desire"
"Mmm... chocolate weekends are my favorite.","love"
"I keep a GF board at all times under my station just for you guys. We probably do 1k+ in GF sales every day.","neutral"
"Cheers! :)","joy"
"I wasn't meaning it as an insult or anything, sorry if it came off that way. ","gratitude"
"So excited for the mauve album","excitement"
"Hots always seemed like the MOBA made by people who didn't play MOBAS.","neutral"
"To be fair all those things actually help prevent/alleviate depression. Smelling like flowers doesn’t turn you into a woman.","neutral"
"She'll ask them a question, interrupt them to say that something else is coming up and then talk about something irrelevant. She is all over the place.","anger"
"I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.","optimism"
"I just say I don't know shit. I'm just a ape man on a rock.","annoyance"
"It’s ok. We forgive you","neutral"
"[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.","anger"
"Damn dude, can’t believe I never considered this possibility.","realization"
"The classic artifact player response to criticism: you just dont understand it loool","annoyance"
"they called me after 2 days lol","neutral"
"You’re welcome","gratitude"
"Good job, white truck! Don't use the damn shoulder to pass!","admiration"
"Now go to Gulag!!!!","neutral"
"THIS IS THE JOKE","neutral"
"[NAME]! Fun fact, it was [NAME]. who led the stacked 86 Mets rotation in wins with 18.","neutral"
"There's more updates further down.","surprise"
"Because of what I said in my first comment.","neutral"
"Thank you for an informative answer","gratitude"
"Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.","joy"
"I like them all as long as they are not fake.","approval"
"His smile and optimism: gone.","neutral"
"That Man has one of the coolest tattoos on his knee I've ever seen.","admiration"
"[NAME] also played CDM for [NAME] so I would take that CB thing with a pinch of salt...","neutral"
"lmao I didn't realize that error.","amusement"
"Yes I will no longer post updates thank you.","anger"
"How so?","neutral"
"DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.","approval"
"Huge shout out to [NAME], wherever he might be, for always fighting the good fight!!!!","admiration"
"To be a buzzkill, something can be both depressing and uplifting and despite being depressing it is most definitely uplifting. ","neutral"
"There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.","annoyance"
"Welcome folks, what’s going on in Ottawa?","gratitude"
"I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.","admiration"
"fuck off. let people enjoy what they want to enjoy when it doesn't impact you.","anger"
"CONGRATS! So happy for you. May life treat you kindly from now on.","gratitude"
"This is a very offseason thing to say","neutral"
"I eat mine all the time...","neutral"
"15 years is over 25% of the Superbowl era. That's far from nothing.","neutral"
"You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.","anger"
"I think OD needs a rework. Get rid of that crappy 50% passive and give him some sort of active or a proper passive ability.","annoyance"
"I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.","realization"
"Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.","disgust"
"I guess her Bad breath turned him off","neutral"
"I am some how [NAME] in every situation even if I’m not in a team 😕","surprise"
"My comment was meant in jest :)","joy"
"That’s not very cash money of you","neutral"
"Their Core album is. Literally the 1st genre listed on Wikipedia is grunge lol","amusement"
"Ok dude!","realization"
"That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.","annoyance"
"Confound your toll Troll!","surprise"
"I have little to no anxiety and it really helps me when i have to take a test.","neutral"
"Only about 1/10 uses is appropriate. The other 90% of the time context makes it obvious and an otherwise good joke is ruined.","neutral"
"Please point out my fallacious line of reasoning instead of insulting my intelligence. You are an example of a bigot that thinks he is wiser than everyone else.","anger"
"Sigh. Maybe one day folks will see the system for what it is.","neutral"
"Happy cake day u/sneakpeekbot!","joy"
"This is a throwback game. So many plays in the low post","realization"
"we can only hope","sadness"
"This joke has been on here a million times and never ceases to trick me","amusement"
"US is asking to be allowed to do quarterly reviews by a team of US people. CCP has replied that this is unreasonable and humiliating.","neutral"
"No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.","annoyance"
"I agree. Girls digg when you take the lead on this, Just be upfront.","approval"
"Instant karma for an impatient jackass who doesn't deserve the right to drive.","annoyance"
"Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.","embarrassment"
"All of this is almost blow for blow identical to the conditioning children in abusive homes go through. Take from that what you will.","neutral"
"Cant talk about the a***a","annoyance"
"Oh sorry. Instead of “willfully stupid “ I meant, why do you hate America?","neutral"
"*what the fuck*","anger"
"Me too. They just slow everything down.","admiration"
"Just watch everyone we are somehow gonna mess up this draft pick down the stretch with pointless wins too","neutral"
"And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?","confusion"
"ITT: Hipsters. “I liked this band before they got all popular and shit.”","annoyance"
"I just renewed my license today and they didn't check my proof of address, just looked at my us passport, license, and debit card","realization"
"That comment reads like something out of a circlejerk sub. I can't believe it was said unironically","neutral"
"Isn't this the game that is PS4 as well?","confusion"
"thats why she is going crazy lmao","amusement"
"So, you literally grew up in a barn?","sadness"
"They announce they hate Brexit first","neutral"
"I’m so excited for next season. My expectations are slowly climbing.","optimism"
"[NAME] WHO IS [NAME]!!!!!","neutral"
"Those are different, you don't tie that shit to the weakest part, they just stay on there by magic","realization"
"The city would have that removed so quickly to keep the cash cow mooing.","neutral"
"That extra four billion going into private schools could probably build a lot of schools...maybe if we stopped pumping so much cash in to them..","neutral"
"Yeah this is definitely a wooosh.","neutral"
"Thank you so much. I'm really glad you found yourself. I hope to get there.","gratitude"
"My son would rather have more room to roll and wiggle and risk bumping his head than be confined to the much smaller pack n play.","neutral"
"F for our fallen comrade","anger"
"lol Holy shit.","surprise"
"glad to see youtubes "family friendly" robots have their priorities straight. ","admiration"
"my parents did this to my sister who was just a tomboy because they feared she was transgender and now she is super girly and not herself anymore","neutral"
"They typically go bad before use. I can buy a plastic banana!","neutral"
">Good morning.","neutral"
"The current situation is one of cronyism, it doesn't represent a few market, which has other tools to deal with such things.","neutral"
"But it seems like im only meeting pros but im silver 6","neutral"
"That son of a gun [NAME] knew that a streaming network was the future. He took a huge risk and now everyone is following suit!","neutral"
"Tranlated: Wooooo be afraid of the spooky "shadowban" so don't do the thing that gets your message to a wider audience. Smh","fear"
"That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.","desire"
"I would have thrown them out sooner for all of the childish things they did.","neutral"
"Yeah i miss lectures for this exact reason. Its pretty bad, but what can ya do :/","disappointment"
"As you wish the hard path is a good one :)","optimism"
"Hahaha exactly, and deciding on even the most simple of things","excitement"
"I did it to myself, I knew he slept with multiple women...I don’t know what I was thinking","anger"
"I believe they know about it and don’t care, but they aren’t paying someone that doesn’t work there to do it.","annoyance"
"politely? I would hope they break into 30 minutes of laughter then ask no for real what do you want?","neutral"
"Looks like a bookshelf to me","confusion"
"But in the end, it doesn’t even matter","optimism"
"no job security and your prospects for future employment are severely hurt","caring"
"Hey! I was hoping to get as close to face value as possible.","neutral"
"That was straight up reckless","annoyance"
"They asked him twice about Bayern and he just kept saying he can't talk about it, so not very reassuring really.","annoyance"
"One time my 1 stopped right in 91st, I was able to get a good photo of the platform since they have some lights along it.","admiration"
"New Year, new you. I'm proud of you. ","admiration"
"I had corrected myself but I deleted the original post now for people like yourself who don’t read fully before you get enraged and comment.","approval"
"[NAME] gets so many chances but just can’t hit the net. I don’t get it.","confusion"
"Damn we got 7th grade conspiracy theorists in the world these days?!?!","neutral"
"> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.","excitement"
"That explains why you're wearing a dunce cap and your chair is in the corner.","neutral"
"I'm feeling the same as you, exactly the same bro. I hope you get better and find someone. :(","approval"
"Ah, [NAME] and his random crap again...","neutral"
"Yeah, I always thought [NAME] would be an improved [NAME]. It's a damn shame we haven't thrown to him more often.","annoyance"
"When they figure out a way to hoard the wealth created by marijuana it will be legalized.","neutral"
"On top of the animals listed, you can also unfortunately see foxes in Oatley Park closer to sunset.","neutral"
"You're back but you're still broken.","neutral"
"I guess that depends on the department. If you've racked up a ton of vacay time, it's possible for some cops to smoke weed lol.","amusement"
"So pretty! Great piping!","admiration"
"clearly no one is getting my joke oof.","annoyance"
"Sick BURN!","neutral"
"he did alledge collusion on the part of the owners and GMs against the players. this guy colludes.","disapproval"
"I'm getting old. :/","sadness"
"he's being immature","neutral"
"Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)","anger"
"Thank you for your support!","caring"
"These are the signs I'm getting old... Wtf is a weed cartridge??","anger"
"Point proven. Thanks","gratitude"
"Can’t imagine taking on that contract","neutral"
"At this point all you can do is put full faith in the man. Let him get creative","neutral"
"There is a reason I said allegedly.","approval"
"Regardless of bonus size I'd argue it was ProRevenge. It's a coordinated effort between multiple people that had a real financial effect on the target","neutral"
"It's derived from "being deadass serious." As in dead serious. It's not a hard concept.","neutral"
"I SAW THIS ORION IN HALF, AND WITH THE POWER OF SPEAR SPAM,,,,, :DDD","realization"
"The best one for me is still Borderlands 2, and it’s been a fucking while. Amazing how far ahead of its time that game was.","surprise"
"Send it!","neutral"
"Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.","amusement"
"The hardship of having the future meet the present. (or something)","neutral"
"One of my favorite moments","admiration"
"Former Mexican president was taking bribes from drug traffickers we need the wall","neutral"
"And the apartment is clean! You can see the floor!","admiration"
"This dude live near me. All my highschool classmates are big fans of his and look up to him.","excitement"
"Oh god [NAME] has a fucking gun oh fuck","surprise"
"It always comes down to not accepting who they are themselves so it's pretty much 100% of it.","neutral"
"Sounds like your new chapter has started already, brother. You deserve someone who truly loves you and treats you that way. ","excitement"
"Even then, the commentor could have gotten the joke and was just being dead pan. ","amusement"
"And I feel [NAME] in this Chili's tonight!","neutral"
"Kayaking on a hot summer's day with just enough of a breeze to rock you with the waves. I can almost fall asleep out there.","joy"
"Except [NAME], he somehow defies any common sense and sometimes he comments here.","disapproval"
"Real class A asshole there","anger"
"Thank you for the thoughtful advice. I was thinking of getting him a mic for his gaming habit, so your advice is timely.","gratitude"
"FYI!!","neutral"
"Wow! I didn't even know there was a handball world championship.","confusion"
"Then I would greatly appreciate a concise yet informative rebuttal on what I have wrong, Doctor.","neutral"
"According to [NAME] there was no contact.","neutral"
"Thanks for the heads up! I’ve been wanting to see this for a while.","excitement"
"Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?","curiosity"
"I want this back "I want us back" I missed the part where that's my problem","desire"
"I just popped a pill in my chAmpagne, she say she love me she don't even know my reAl name' -[NAME]","neutral"
"Simple...OHFRSUR...thank me later bud","neutral"
"Thanks for that. Never really investigated mechanism of it. Seems to be familial as father has it too. Otherwise normal.","approval"
"OMG. How have a I never heard this before? Absolutely dying. You can tell [NAME] just lost it off mic. 🤣","curiosity"
"Schoolboy Q. - that part That [NAME] feature is intense :D","neutral"
"I hate to say it, but it's never once failed me, I've never been asked to show it.","embarrassment"
"I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.","desire"
"In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward","disappointment"
"I don’t see the problem","neutral"
"Lost finger how?","disappointment"
"Because train hitting your truck at full speed will prevent damaging the truck.","approval"
"Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!","joy"
"Should have sold him some underwear and told him wearing it would power his phone.","neutral"
"Please do. lol","amusement"
"That's hilarious.","amusement"
"its treason then","neutral"
"Luckily that is not going to happen ever! [NAME] and I work at a massive university in entirely different sections / different campuses!","disapproval"
"[NAME] is playing with so much energy today. New year, new haircut, maybe he's feeling like it's an opportunity for a fresh start. ","admiration"
"Thank you so much, this is beautiful","admiration"
"Nobody consciously thinks "today I feel like chewing with my mouth open".","annoyance"
"link jp's "answer" too coward! coward! coward!","neutral"
"I mean their away jersey is effectively our home uniform","neutral"
"It's about the cause not individuals. If my death leads to a better world so be it, everyone has to die some day. ","neutral"
"Imagine being so good that you get demoted to AAA because it's unfair for the rest of the players in MLB","neutral"
"He has been training for this 5k for about 20 years","realization"
"this is a GANGSTER-ASS revelation!!!!. thanks mr. [NAME]!","gratitude"
"Yeah, sometimes you just remember stuff! It's a little weird to thank yourself publicly, but why not?","approval"
"The economy is heavily controlled and subsidized by the government. In any case, I was poking at the lack of nuance in US politics today","approval"
"I know they had an extremely toxic relationship but [NAME] was so much more tolerable when he was with [NAME].","admiration"
"And then, in private, what do you think they jerk off to? Normal porn? Lmao.","amusement"
"lol eat your own farts Trumpkin","amusement"
"I do that when I don't do my hair and I don't want anyone to see me looking like that","approval"
"Parliamentary systems don't have the same separation of powers anyway. But it's the executive of Bavaria, not the federal executive telling them how to vote.","approval"
"oh I thought you were calling OP loser my bad","disappointment"
"ha ha LOL guys aren't we so QuIrKyyyy","amusement"
"I was talking about fMRI neurofeedback (sorry - left out that word):","neutral"
"[NAME], let’s bring down the system faster.","neutral"
"My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️","love"
"Ya? I don't really remember him much besides his crappy penalty shot attempt. What stuck out about him to you?","curiosity"
"dOn't eVeN ThInK AbOuT It.","neutral"
"Emo!!","disappointment"
"I'm surprised they've gone this long not knowing [NAME] swears a lot.","surprise"
"I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight","realization"
"Except... that's exactly what I was taught in [RELIGION] school. One god, theee aspects.","approval"
"Just a heads up that’s not what neoliberalism is.","neutral"
"I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun","caring"
"I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(","optimism"
"Even if this was true who would want to take medication that causes such rapid mood swings","optimism"
"Can't wait to the part where she ties him to her chariot and drags him around the Capitol.","excitement"
"The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.","optimism"
"If there's evidence besides say-so, chances are better.","approval"
"Leave *my* sleep schedule alone, jackass. You’re the one that wants to change the status quo we’ve had for decades.","neutral"
"You're really on a shit-posting streak lately. Something happen in your life that you need to talk about, bud?","caring"
"When are the Blackhawks going to play again games that matter? :(","neutral"
"I always thought filet mignon had bacon and garlic butter. Colour me surprised Deliberately ignoring anything to do with the minion","surprise"
"Glad to see we are still around :).","joy"
"Yeah mine asked me to marry her over email and then ghosted me for three weeks...","annoyance"
"No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol","confusion"
"Yeah you can either respond to something that I said or not, but don’t just pull up and start parroting [NAME] slogans","neutral"
"Get off the fence, Switzerland","annoyance"
"In my play through she became a prostitute.","neutral"
"You don’t need Radom sex, you will find a man who will give you what you need. Love,respect,and well.. you know..","approval"
"Thank you! I’ll contact you tomorrow! :)","gratitude"
"ultimately, you want a pitcher that is better than average at pitching.","neutral"
"I think it’s a physical comfort preference having to do with the cut/shape, rather than an aesthetic preference.","approval"
"should've rolled into battle with a sword brad. that would have fuckin' rocked","neutral"
"Love this guy, love this team","love"
"I really wish the conversation surrounding masculinity had just an ounce of empathy for men, rather than just the pretense of empathy for men","caring"
"And Subway fired you for taking too long of a break... To talk to a make-believe 6 yo","surprise"
"When it's the same composer, this kind of thing is bound to happen.","approval"
"You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.","embarrassment"
"Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.","anger"
"*Looks at Amoeba music shirt* Cool i have every album ever made!","amusement"
"Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled","caring"
"Team Hina FTW!!!!","neutral"
"Hands down one of my favourite VA's and a main reason I go FemShep or play games she's in.","admiration"
"Last 30 seconds where [NAME] and [NAME] were silent to listen to the crowd gave me chills. Such a fun game and team! Aho is my dad","admiration"
"> , believe me. ","admiration"
"You literally changed someone's life for the better. You made the world a better place. Thank you for helping change the stigma against autism.","gratitude"
"Okay, so that doesn’t really answer my question. Are you suggesting the liability will fall on the towing company with shitty or sketchy reviews? ","neutral"
"So you stay on your theft from auto waiting for them to dispatch the next shift to the backlog of calls.","annoyance"
"Did she do it yet? I refuse to look.","curiosity"
"I watched that same movie. Very generic Christmas movie but I liked it","admiration"
"You are ok.","caring"
"Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!","gratitude"
"Gotcha. That can happen sometimes too but make sure you follow up with your gyno just incase.","approval"
"Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.","caring"
"What are the chances [NAME] is in that 10% at 32?","curiosity"
"(apparenlty) a lawyer sending incriminating text message to a paralegal. this has to be really bad lawyer...","annoyance"
"I was listening to look alive by [NAME] and [NAME] and it was perfect timing with this video and the song😂😂","admiration"
"Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.","neutral"
"Stop lying to me","anger"
"Thats right. Source- violated probation once. Sat inside.","approval"
"Middle Eastern here and watching this team lose due to silly mistakes at 3-4 am kills me","disappointment"
"I can’t tell if you got the joke or not hahaha","amusement"
"Thank you for the update, I’ve been stressing about the shutdown and lines. This helps.","gratitude"
"Best comment ever.","admiration"
"I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.","annoyance"
"Ohhhhh that couple!","surprise"
"F. No!!!!","neutral"
"This is not a why were they filming. The person filming clearly saw it from further away, and then got closer after turning on the camera.","neutral"
"“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” ","disapproval"
"Dude had to cut his vacation to Mexico short to deal with this shit!","anger"
"Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].","sadness"
"How illuminating.","admiration"
"Maybe that's what the jerseys looked like 7 years ago when that photo of [NAME] was taken.","realization"
"Yeah, thank him for helping support this legislation","approval"
"Fake was the right call either way.","annoyance"
"They don't like when you point that out.","neutral"
"That's professor [NAME] to you, savage!","neutral"
"Breach of contract penalties that are probably 10x what even the biggest stars are making off this show.","neutral"
"That's why he's gotta go!! Yes, girls!","neutral"
"what a crazy ride","neutral"
"> that will help power the crypto revolution onward and upward and to the moon! ugh","neutral"
"Oh because all fruiting plants were bred by humans, ok TIL","neutral"
"This is a wholesome confession lol","amusement"
"The embassy staff has already been expelled from the country by my understanding.","approval"
"It's nothing compared to how scaled down tyreal's wings are: Look at just how massive they are in this d2","neutral"
"My heart is broken for this woman... I really hope she finds the strength to leave him","optimism"
"He already did","neutral"
"I can't see anything wrong with this message","neutral"
"[NAME] said that it was recorded the monday after [NAME], that's why his voice is like that.","neutral"
"Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!","gratitude"
"You want to fix them. You can’t. This was a hard life lesson for me to learn. I also am a giant loser magnet.","disappointment"
"Hey mods... let's not allow articles pushing unsubstantiated rumour from poor sources","disapproval"
"okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse","curiosity"
"Everyone was fine so I guess it’s okay","approval"
"Thank you! :)","gratitude"
"What a fucking idiot lol","amusement"
"RNG-based access to very important mechanics is frustrating for some people.","annoyance"
"I enjoy cycling too much lol","amusement"
"Claims natty right... but who knows","neutral"
"Super excited to watch them in Syracuse next year. Might actually spring for season tickets","admiration"
"He seemed like he was about to run away and go do some meth.","neutral"
"This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.","disgust"
"If yoire voluntarily going to one I would argue that all those "side effects" i guess you would call them are already in your life.","disapproval"
"PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.","admiration"
"True....I know! I can only get them at the fair....not even BBQ restaurants have them in my town.","neutral"
"Not watched it yet pal. You?","neutral"
"Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.","nervousness"
"You poor thing. I’m sorry that it’s going like that for you.","remorse"
"All that gumbo","neutral"
"Dude awesome job being the reading police, great work out there tonight. Keeping the streets safe.","admiration"
"I've grown to love this idea the more I think about it. It'd be amazing if it came down to [NAME] and [NAME] as the final two","amusement"
"I listened to this song the other day for the first time and... oh boy yeah","excitement"
"I was scared for that white building.","approval"
"Thank you so much. I will check them out as well.","approval"
"I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.","approval"
"Nah? Sadness and wine don’t mix too well, my conception is proof of that haha ","amusement"
"Yes its absolutely freeing! And so pure :) Aaah my heart","admiration"
"I’m surprised nyxl hasn’t done that with their overloaded dps roster, but a possible upcoming import limit might be the issue","confusion"
"You don’t have to hate players just for being on a different team. I hate that [NAME] is an [NAME]. I don’t hate [NAME]","disapproval"
"Maybe when they get away from David cage finally the plots won't be so Melodramatic and on the nose.","neutral"
"Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic","annoyance"
"I just told myself I wasn't going to check this subreddit until I'd beaten the episode. And I didn't.","approval"
"Yeah I would have loved it if those things actually contributed something to the gameplay","approval"
"It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!","joy"
"Que the motorcyclist getting up and pulling a pistol out on the driver for “endangering” his life...","neutral"
"Haha I’ll try and avoid it. Nowhere currently on my list is in Alabama","amusement"
"The baby photos, holy fucking shit there's so many baby photos now.","annoyance"
"It's happened:","neutral"
"I mean, I acknowledged that I'm not going to become a GM lol, but could you elaborate?","neutral"
"Loving everyone so far. This is going to be a great season.","excitement"
"No offense are you guys actually dating? Are you paying for every thing. Have u guys had sex?","annoyance"
"Get him boys!","neutral"
"What a baby...","surprise"
"it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT","disgust"
"What does “I moved on her like a bitch” mean? I never understood that line","confusion"
"That bit and the "man eating chicken" bit are two of my favourite things in that movie.","optimism"
"Not really. It's just that things you would do in Street Fighter to win are monumentally more difficult if you try to do them in MK.","admiration"
"[NAME]!","anger"
"Hit this right on the head. Was just telling my brother about how hypocritical this subreddit can be.","approval"
"The people who announce this early only mean to shape the conversation. We can measure his influence in dollars until a smaller subset of nominees take the lead.","neutral"
"Can we all pitch in and buy this place instead of the Baltimore House?","neutral"
"Could be something limited to my branch too.","neutral"
"OH NO, PARENTS ARE SUPPORTIVE😱😱","neutral"
"Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)","caring"
"> The porn that I downloaded was Brazzers produced. In case you don't know, Brazzers is ***anal*** about their IP. Ha get fucked.","realization"
"This response is highly unexpected yet logical. I’m fixin to chew on it for a spell.","surprise"
"That's why I specified 'current attack.' I know it's gone on for ages.","realization"
"Just wanna boop that T I N Y B O Y E on her snoot and hear her Bork Bork Edit: we don’t preserve dogs","disappointment"
"I couldn't get my wife on board. She insists on eating a "real dinner".","embarrassment"
"Isn’t working for the NDP. It’s a hard line to tread.","realization"
"Not really sweaty palms, but holy hell that's uncomfortable as all hell...","disappointment"
"Never let a fact get in the way of a bad argument apparently.","disapproval"
"alright yeah guess i am stupid","sadness"
"I’m impressed.","approval"
"Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.","admiration"
"now 8 in a week. smh","optimism"
"He would say Shut up about the sun I don’t think he likes space.","disapproval"
"HAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAa no","amusement"
"Keep Yourself Safe, Sweetie.","caring"
"Unfortunately if you’re looking for game info about the Detroit Basketball team your in the wrong sub.","realization"
"Theres no clonazolam in that bottle that vendor sends bunk shit. Im considering suing that vendor for scamming me","desire"
"I AM THE GOLDEN GOD","admiration"
"He was in the merge lane and should have yielded. He was legally in the wrong.","disappointment"
"Oh, exploitable","embarrassment"
"Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general. ","anger"
"Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.","approval"
"All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped","disapproval"
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as "the lizard".","gratitude"
"WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*","anger"
"[NAME], I’ve slaughtered [NAME] today, but the man has balls, I’ll give him that","neutral"
"I am really intrigued why you worded the title this way.","curiosity"
"^ [NAME] idiot squealing","annoyance"
"Im a revolver guy so I've always admired the rhino and its low bore axis design. The Rhino and the Kimber k6s are on my list.","admiration"
"You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do. ","embarrassment"
"W crazy game","excitement"
"Please kind sir may I have some more","annoyance"
"I’m sorry, I’m my opinion it isn’t sweet. ","disapproval"
"Time for these shows to be held liable. They're putting abusers on left and right. Even married at first sight etc","neutral"
"i choose alcohol. not recommended and ofc doesnt help to overcome anxiety, it just reduces its symptoms for a while...","neutral"
"very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol","annoyance"
"I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex","disapproval"
"Honestly right now I just need to know why our usernames are so similar. Haha...","amusement"
"Wow - it would be great to have an AMA about what you learned compared to the truth. How recently were you in seminary or at BYU?","confusion"
"How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s","caring"
"[NAME] is a jinx. Please send him back.","neutral"
"she’s dropping a winter project it could be that but who knows","neutral"
"It seems like the problem predates the current administration, which makes me think it has more institutional roots.","approval"
"Really? Wow I was sure they were huh. Even still I feel like he needs berserker light damage for that sword","curiosity"
"Great game Pens!","gratitude"
"The workers are going hoooome","neutral"
"The irony of the photo is that 60% of university admissions are women","neutral"
"Manlets unite!","neutral"
"This is a genuinely good point. It’s enough to take me from giving zero shits to giving a modest shit against them.","relief"
"Man, half the time they show me a google search that had no target results.","annoyance"
"Can someone tell me how he protects his virginity though. You know from all the thots.","curiosity"
"One week sounds like a good timeframe. Good luck on your channel! I hope that expected revenue goes up for you.","joy"
"[NAME] just reminded us last night why he’s paid his ridiculous wages","neutral"
"[NAME] has been injured for a while... No point in doing that comparison. Not sure if a troll or just new to football","confusion"
"Everyone just called me the bad guy and said they're glad she's marrying him and rejected me and that i deserved it.","disgust"
"Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔","annoyance"
"Very legal and cool","approval"
"Best comment ever.","admiration"
"I wish I could get the entire interview but it's from a SiriusXM Radio Show","desire"
"I feel with him...","approval"
"Thank you for the kind words, that's very sweet.","admiration"
"Teams got some fire tonight. I like it.","approval"
"That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!","amusement"
"They already tried and failed in Canada.","anger"
"So Much Feeling in One Picture , Great Love It :)","love"
"Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me ","disapproval"
"Burn it!","anger"
"This is awesome. nice!","admiration"
"You should've smashed his head into it.","anger"
"[NAME] why can I relate so much.","confusion"
"Thank you for taking the time to respond.","gratitude"
"Do communists believe in private property?","confusion"
"Wow that's just like when I sing it","joy"
"Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty","neutral"
"[NAME] is a fucking STAR","surprise"
"i thought the comment i replied too was still talking about the OP's vid. [NAME] should have been my clue. my bad.","neutral"
"Ah that's so cool!!","approval"
"Not so sure. I have a decent body but until I took the time to focus on my posture I was slouching.","neutral"
"It goes that far back? That was probably hands down the best fight ever. I loved stone cold as a kid","caring"
"What’s the issue with [NAME]? I think he’s been good off the bench this season .","curiosity"
"All I can say is.. good luck bro","optimism"
"Did you even read the article? It's 1 anecdote and she wants to return because she misses her family.","curiosity"
"Whew. I'm safe then.","relief"
"Thank you for your concern, fellow conservative","gratitude"
"I enjoyed [NAME] intermission report where he was very low energy until the end when he squeaked out a HI MOM =D because he's the best","admiration"
"I see... guess it just hasn't reached my little rock yet lol. I'll check it out, do some actual research.","amusement"
"Thanks, now every highlander I run into tries to do it 100% of the time and I just bait them into a light parry","gratitude"
"This post is about a strung out homeless traveler who abandoned his dog. Are you confused about things?","caring"
"I am so sorry for your loss. I lost my Brother a few years back. My thoughts and heart is with you.","love"
"You're that Ninja...","neutral"
"You DO seem nice. And friendly!","admiration"
"The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.","approval"
"r/woooosh I guess... xD","amusement"
"Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.","joy"
"See i hate [NAME] and got my ass kicked that game bc i couldnt use him so i was lime why me 😂","anger"
"What's your point? All these comments are from people who clearly had not seen it before. Only a couple said they had.","curiosity"
"Shithole universe i mean.","anger"
"I haven’t been keeping up with MHA, but this seems like a real bad idea","realization"
"The Chargers defense looks impossibly bad","neutral"
"Good minutes from bayless","neutral"
"Gotta admit, I chuckled at this one","neutral"
"This article and the accompanying photos have gone viral. Anyone who knows him personally has probably read it. Dude's probably being shamed and humiliated as we speak","embarrassment"
"And communism wouldn't? The USSR was a master of creating industrial wastelands.","neutral"
"They must not have known their daughter was such a badass.","neutral"
"What type would you classify House from House M. D.? (T. V. SHOW BUT OK","curiosity"
"We know blocking [NAME] was [NAME] choice because he said it was.","approval"
"I agree. Verbatim.","approval"
"There's also the possibility of mold growing between the skin flaps. That's why some very pbese people can smell like rotting cloth.","approval"
"The sun will probably rise tomorrow.","neutral"
"You replied to a bot that quotes a movie.","neutral"
"That's what I'd hope for! Retool the D day 1, if we could find a gem at QB day 2. ","optimism"
"You'd be stupid not to do this.","annoyance"
"This post is another reason why I'll never go back to Heroes. The loot box RNG was so cruel to me","anger"
"2 is less user friendly but it can be fun. As long as you turn chat off. And hate yourself already.","amusement"
"he’s also in jail now with all the MBS arrests","neutral"
"A girl came into him recently and he pre maturely ejaculated. He had to type this.","neutral"
"Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.","admiration"
"I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!","love"
"Yeah father of two T1D. That post is insanely reactionary. My lord.","neutral"
"Yeah seriously! I saw the controller and I thought "don't do it, don't do it!"","neutral"
"Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.","gratitude"
"Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...","love"
"Wonder no more, this is coming out like next year","neutral"
"Hopefully they realize that anti-discrimination law is immoral and unconstitutional.","disapproval"
"Your personality comes off as really obnoxious and overbearing. Maybe your thinly-veiled desperation explains why she didn’t want to go out with you.","neutral"
"I thought [NAME] trained her after the boxing was over?","confusion"
"How you walk when you're in work and you are the boss.","confusion"
"How the hell is that comment "holding the GM accountable"","surprise"
"The third floor isn't high enough. I'm also in dire need of a job and the stress is unreal.","neutral"
"No chance unless he smokes out of a gas mask or suffers a bad injury.","disappointment"
"Very curious why there is no other competition in this market space","curiosity"
"I cannot help but get a sense of schadenfreude when a seemingly shitty person ruins their own career right before my eyes. ☕️","disapproval"
"I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now","desire"
"I have no idea who those people are, but I've heard their names a lot.","confusion"
"I would make that face too if I just realized I was HC of the New York Jets","realization"
"It would hilarious, but also kind of sad.","amusement"
"Launching a jab is a hard commitment though, right? Because I doubt you can react fast enough to seeing them jab and launch them.","disapproval"
"Thanks! Need to rewatch the series soon","gratitude"
"So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...","curiosity"
"They used the most terrible M form as well. Easily confused with an arc...","confusion"
"I sold an item on ebay and amazon at the same time. I had to cancel the Amazon order. Is that going to hurt anything?","curiosity"
"LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼","amusement"
"That arm flail of “ahhh stranger danger” cracked me up. Then sealed with a boop.","neutral"
"good luck my friend","excitement"
"I like Kate spade","love"
"Too lazy to type out "him/her" 3x. That and I don't give a fuck.","annoyance"
">And you contribute to them not interacting with other people... Which I never told anyone not to. Hmmmmm","neutral"
"Seriously, it really made me happy! I hope when OP scrolled through she felt a little tingle of happiness too.","joy"
"Shes 43 with 4 kids. That's so far past the wall it's not funny.","neutral"
"Lol I’m sorry for your dogs ears","embarrassment"
"Was this tattoo designed by [NAME]?","curiosity"
"I havent done a full rewatch since the finale. I think I might be ready","optimism"
"Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.","disappointment"
"Paws come flying out from the dark","neutral"
"As a guy who plays bastion when the situation appropriately calls for it; thanks, I did not know this.","gratitude"
"Does that idiot not realize he's roasting himself by calling [NAME] a bad lawyer? You worked with him for a decade, moron.","annoyance"
"Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.","approval"
"Homelessness may not be a crime but loitering and public camping certainly are.","neutral"
"That last story was absolutely beautiful and sad.","admiration"
"I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them","neutral"
"Let's both do our best to that end! 🍻","admiration"
"What a douche. Yeah I try to order within my country to keep away from customs","neutral"
"Interesting I wasn't aware of this. Maybe proving the undue hardship is difficult but technically allowed? I wonder what counts.","curiosity"
"I'm a nasty ho","approval"
"Thanks man, words give me strength","gratitude"
"Just watching this happen upsets me ~_~","disappointment"
"use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)","neutral"
"Hot girls get horny too.","neutral"
"Yikes. Be careful out there.","caring"
"I’d go at [NAME] every possession. He is so tired out there","caring"
"It's not exactly hard to keep track.","disapproval"
"Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤","gratitude"
"Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.","gratitude"
"Great way to be late on 80% of your orders. I mean I didn't say it was impossible, but you put rating at risk","admiration"
"Disgusting, I bet you he will never even be inside that apartment condo ever.","disgust"
"They see me rollin’.....","neutral"
"This is a reliable estimate. It could happen as early as in the 2020’s if were unlucky","disappointment"
"I had a big omnibus edition. It was great, but a good 4-5 inches thick!","admiration"
"We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.","sadness"
""Someone else must start this however... but I will sure join in the violent fight that will ensue... I promise!"","approval"
"Trade up for Haskins. If that doesn't happen give me Greedy.","desire"
"I’ll take one [NAME] please","desire"
"[NAME] should have come back. I'm surprised you could get any worse than the s10 one but shit i was wrong.","realization"
"wrong its because they know this is an orchestrated hit to stop [NAME] run what a joke","amusement"
"Thanks for reminding me. I can find better burgers","gratitude"
"Probably because it mentioned [NAME] but idk. It's just was a harmless joke lol.","amusement"
"Losing buttwallace is one of the greatest tragedies of this sub","neutral"
"Naw let everyone underestimate us ::[NAME]::","neutral"
"r/sprainedankles... I found it once, and I wish I could unsee.","neutral"
"That’s hilarious until you do this to an iced up meth head and you get stabbed.","disapproval"
"[NAME] THIS IS CANON","neutral"
"This is very temporary. I am using my savings to cover the rest for 1-2 months","annoyance"
"I was won against an ultra-hard brexiteer, he tried to hit me with an uppercut but I just teleported behind him.","admiration"
"Lol that's my cat, he sometimes does that when he eats too fast or we switch his food, he is okay haha","amusement"
"To be fair, [NAME] broke his heart first","neutral"
"lol you are 18 and a female. You'll surely find someone","caring"
"Judging by my 10 month old, that is about 2.5 days worth of dirty diapers. ","sadness"
"When I play duel for fun I usually go attack speed GEB xD","approval"
"It'll still be beautiful! They'll just have to be prepared to get a bit damp!","admiration"
"Let them fight!","neutral"
"Hopefully he will","admiration"
"I love flying out of Midway because I feel like I have never waited more than 10 minutes for security. I love the lines at Midway.","love"
"Doubters. I'm still waiting on a status report of the 2 fluffers from a few weeks ago. WOOF!","disappointment"
"At a standstill for hours on end? Yes. It took me 7 hours to get home","neutral"
"I know I am still going to frequent Argonaut and my other neighborhood family owned liquor store.","annoyance"
"Well tell me what happened then","curiosity"
"It's not "over". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better.","caring"
""YOU BUNCHA BASTARDS" is one of my favorite quotes hahaha","amusement"
"The USA welfare spend is quite low per gdp compared to first world countries. The safety nets are ridiculous or nonexistant and the inequality is ridiculous...","disapproval"
"These are some of the best movies to watch high (esp Butterfly Effect)","approval"
"Now this was fun to read! You had more courage than I'll ever have :')","admiration"
"OMG, yep!!! That is the final answer. Thank you so much!","approval"
"I doubt groot arms are on the list of MLB approved bats. It's politics","confusion"
">You're splitting hairs. Owning something vs having something on loan for however long the owner lets you have it is not splitting hairs.","neutral"
"DSJ, [NAME], [NAME], Zion/Draft, [NAME] would be exciting to watch.","neutral"
"Yes it does","neutral"
"I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.","neutral"
"nolan is overrated","disapproval"
"I hope you enjoy endless mosquitoes as the climate warms.","joy"
"Hmm... I don't think EPCOR is the reason the oilers suck","disapproval"
"it's weird how all of these people who are *so* much smarter than successful people can never seem to make anything of themselves","admiration"
"No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality","neutral"
"Yeh? It just changed on me last night after I cleared my cookies...","neutral"
"Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.","neutral"
"I thought it was 'You are only willing to help yourself'. I could be wrong though.","confusion"
"Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.","anger"
"Send it!","neutral"
"Why did a vision of my future include a story about [NAME] and [NAME] gold?","neutral"
"Sounds magical!","surprise"
"Very thoughtful post and good analogy.","admiration"
"He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.","disappointment"
"if you have a problem with it, don't take your kid to see the story time show. PROBLEM SOLVED!","optimism"
"Right, no one wants to deal with that. ","approval"
"Tough scene for [NAME]","neutral"
"You win the poverty Olympics.","disappointment"
"I guess [NAME] are especially good at making heaven sound boring 😂. I'm also an [NAME]","neutral"
"I wish it wasn't so crumbly. It feels like sand in my mouth.","annoyance"
"Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.","admiration"
"Needed this going through the same thing 4ight now and this definatley will keep me going !","neutral"
">Also, you realize that both parties largely dabble in identity politics. Oh absolutely! It's a major reason I hate [NAME]. ","disapproval"
"I don’t like it.","neutral"
"[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].","approval"
"Makeup is magic my friend!","excitement"
"That is utterly horrifying. I'm so sorry that your kindergarten teacher was such a heartless old bat.","sadness"
"Its amazing how hive mind works...","admiration"
"That’s crazy! Really bizarre. Is she off reddit too? I did notice fewer posts.","curiosity"
"Thank you! I'm so glad you liked it! I did finally get a new belt lol","approval"
"I'm starting to think you're just an idiot.","annoyance"
"Lmfao, so true. ","amusement"
"Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL","sadness"
"Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only","grief"
"Same. It's rare we get rain, might as well enjoy it. I sure did during yesterday's hike.","approval"
"They can’t allow it because then the left would fall apart. The only way you can truly be a leftist is if you believe in lies.","neutral"
"It certainly is. I create very little space in my life for people like that period.","neutral"
"Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.","disgust"
"He had a bad year the year prior to [NAME] coming, yes. 2 years prior to [NAME] he had 30 TD and 17 INT. ","approval"
"FIRE THE MEDICAL TEAM.","anger"
"That’s typical Wigs. Hot one game, cold the next three. ","neutral"
"[NAME] was injured going into that game and then ultimately left in the second half after suffering another injury","neutral"
"please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play","anger"
"How the hell","neutral"
"I perform nostril waxing. It is surprising hardly painful at all. Feels so much better too!","excitement"
"That's so sad.","neutral"
"[NAME] promotes [NAME]. She is now [NAME].","neutral"
">I don’t believe in changing the rules and laws however ... Then you believe [RELIGION] is in the 7th century for all times","neutral"
"Well, dig him out of there!","neutral"
"Oh boy, yeah!","neutral"
"Thanks for the link, my email indeed was breached it says. I’m just not sure what this exactly means.","gratitude"
"Who cares about the Super Bowl anymore. Can't wait to check out this XFL league...","excitement"
"she'd probably do this","neutral"
"I switched the the Smok Novo and I like it. Close enough to the juul.","excitement"
"That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.","annoyance"
"Every red light should have one of these!","neutral"
"That would expand his torso and ribs which probably hurts","sadness"
"Is it bad that I’ve never listened to Sabaton?","neutral"
"Dayyuuummm!!! If you ever get another one, you know what to do. (Record it)","optimism"
"[NAME], I've told you already. "Muy gorda chica" does not mean "very pretty girl" ","disapproval"
"He ran as a [NAME] in the Senate primary and then declined the nomination. Multiple times. He isn't "honoring" shit.","neutral"
"He was cut yesterday, unfortunately","annoyance"
"Oh that leg. Like, she NEEDS to get that looked at!! ASAP!","neutral"
"Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!","desire"
"also, [NAME] just brutal here. ","annoyance"
"I'm not sure they know the difference between a mandate and legally binding.","neutral"
"I know eating and drinking soy products increases estrogen. Although I’ve heard having/consuming too much estrogen can lead to health problems.","confusion"
"Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad","sadness"
"Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL","amusement"
"No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.","disapproval"
"Too fast for me in the chat room. I'm on my phone and can't type that fast. Here is more relaxed and everyone is hilarious.","amusement"
"It's hard to be good to yourself.","disappointment"
"I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.","gratitude"
"Oh sorry I gotcha","embarrassment"
"As long as the ink isn’t on a contract, I don’t listen to any rumors. Waste of time","approval"
"I really wanted this to be a real sub.","desire"
"I’m glad I wasn’t the only person who wondered about [NAME].","gratitude"
"That poor snake","neutral"
"Hey, I love you! 😁","love"
"My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple! ","admiration"
"Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment. ","caring"
"It's a great town.","admiration"
"Is it Amazon brand? Genuine question as I didnt even know those existed","confusion"
"This one will provide tasty meals and a cute pup too","approval"
"You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.","realization"
"Ok yea running toward him makes it easier good idea","approval"
"A dry phone?","confusion"
"Well that makes sense.","joy"
"It was balanced by also adding relics , you could have some pretty cool variations in your games if they added a system similar to both !!","neutral"
"There are far more bad ones than good ones. Stepparents that treat their stepchildren as their own are noteworthy for a reason.","neutral"
"Unless they’re narcissistic. Then gray rock the hell out of them and good luck!","optimism"
"I always feel so bad for [NAME] when I watch this scene.","sadness"
"I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead","love"
"Lol valid question, but yes. We've been using the bf and gf terminology for about 5 months.","neutral"
"4 year old. The hardest part is only seeing him half the time bc I’m the primary care giver in the family","caring"
"Congrats! Vegan baking is still daunting to me but I will conquer it one day!","gratitude"
"I like how you have the word idiot in your name. You are sure living up to it","approval"
"These are good ideas, thank you so much.","gratitude"
"I do remember this and wanted nothing more than to kill that guy","desire"
"That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.","disgust"
"**WAIT THAT WAS A REAL STORY!?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK**","anger"
"Just admit you got busted and admit you were wrong and we can move on","neutral"
"You don’t know what love is till you’ve fished a turd out of the bathtub for someone.","neutral"
"Wauw! Those weapons are awesome!!","excitement"
"well we all know what a complex meal sandwiches are! hahaha","amusement"
"Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired","amusement"
"I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.","admiration"
"He used to be a science teacher!","approval"
"could've directed them to the employees. it's not hard especially if they're 3 inches from you","approval"
"i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.","neutral"
"To 1?","neutral"
"One of my favorite episodes.","love"
"Stop having kids you can't afford. Make sure you check the kids credit to make sure there are no accounts opened in their name. Good luck!","optimism"
"You’re*","neutral"
"Are you okay? What's wrong?","curiosity"
"So the term Londoner is now Sunderlander? Thanks for the update.","gratitude"
"I was about to lose my shit but then I finally found the Plumbus","anger"
"Yup ^ If it isn’t working now, it won’t work later. He needs to grow up, and you need to move on!","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] coco I’m so sorry sweety","sadness"
"Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.","gratitude"
"Can I stop seeing this on every sub please","neutral"
"Yes, at home recuperating from a fractured ankle. ","neutral"
"Non-stop fun.","neutral"
"got em","neutral"
"Those are sexist theories not facts.","neutral"
"Congratulations! Your post just made my day so add that to your list of successes today 😊","approval"
"Where the mask inside, too? Are air purifers not good enough for inside? Sorry for the dumb question... Just moved here this week.","curiosity"
"It's bad when that sounds tasty to me","disgust"
"They aren’t unkind. It is kind of a silly request lol. I also feel strange asking.","neutral"
"I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.","joy"
"I forsee success in your future endeavors.","desire"
"please explain?","curiosity"
"Fool me once, shame on you...","anger"
"Because physical contact promotes bonding. Healthy relationships increase both partner's wellbeing. Routine can be frustrating. Especially when you want to try something new.","optimism"
"If you main Volibear, then you must have Thunderlord Voli and play Thunderstruck by AC/DC every now and then at full volume.","neutral"
"This didn’t age well","disapproval"
"Yes it does. I kept doing this for 2 mins. But yes it can still be reassigned manually at the command center I'm sure","approval"
"They didn't "say" anything this time either. This is where observation and critical thinking comes in. I trust you can figure it out.","neutral"
"u/dances-with-corgis Says they'll never forget their username. Literally forgot their username. Sorry, but: 😂😂😂😂, that's some [NAME] level tiny mess up.","amusement"
"Yes. Some things are simply not allowed.","disapproval"
"That’s terrible; I would be devastated. You had to get out of there though. I’m thinking of you.","caring"
"Is it weird that I’m relieved?","confusion"
"Ashamed of being British","disappointment"
"Like taking a life from someone without their consent at all? Just because they cant speak doesnt mean they're giving you the right to kill them.","neutral"
"Wait, so you uploaded a post in which you did something nice. That's a bit narcissistic. ","admiration"
"i prefer this","approval"
"Hate to be that guy, but that's not DDR, that's Pump It Up, the Korean DDR rip-off.","disgust"
">also seen a few snaps Bad pun...BAD!","disapproval"
"He's ancient. If elected, he'll be 79 in 2020. I like him but that worries me. ","neutral"
"Lucky you, some people have all the love ","neutral"
"Well that's hardly this other woman's problem. You come across as a bitter, immature incel, so maybe sort your attitude out before trying to attract anyone.","neutral"
"You are amazing! Proud of you!!!!","admiration"
"The content is a rambling mess.","confusion"
"What a jackass","surprise"
"This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them","amusement"
"Minor character but I love [NAME].","love"
"There called intrusive thoughts I get them as well it's best just to ignore them.","neutral"
"He's a RFA this summer so we can keep him if we want. We definitely have the space for it.","neutral"
"But what if they have sons?","curiosity"
"I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high","neutral"
"Are you sure? He's a rarity if he has never taken up the habit.","neutral"
"The similarity to cigarette companies is eerie.","neutral"
"Sometimes to do what's right we must give up the thing we want the most... even our dreams.","disappointment"
"TYM is the best place for that kind of thing.","admiration"
"[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]","neutral"
"*Whispers* ... ‘they are everywhere.’","neutral"
"It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.","disappointment"
"Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?","neutral"
"My crypto was pending when the site went dark. We'll see I guess but I've kissed that money goodbye in my head.","optimism"
"What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.","anger"
"Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.","amusement"
"You shut your mouth","relief"
"Is it something you run into commonly with older adults? Sounds like in some ways it may make your job easier. Thanks for your work!","gratitude"
"Maybe he talking bout smash bros","neutral"
"This little piggy went to the hospital...","realization"
"nice try buddy","optimism"
"Love reading these kind of posts! So happy for you.","joy"
"ok so that was fucking sick","anger"
"So true! My brain always goes to these places when buying a car...","approval"
"Honestly idk that she ruined a moment, she just changed it so it was a different moment between her and [NAME]","realization"
"You're an odd fellow, [NAME], but you steam a good ham.","approval"
"The itching probably happens when your skin vibrates from the brush.","optimism"
"It seems some people on here don't like us disrupting their echo chamber.","neutral"
"Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping","amusement"
"How do we do handle the venom, and marvel is all metaphors-avi [NAME] ","surprise"
"I wish that were a thing 🙄","desire"
"You two are IMPOSSIBLE!","neutral"
"yes, very sexist","disapproval"
"One of the dumbest decisions [NAME] ever made lead to him leaving Oklahoma","neutral"
"Haha I hope this is real. Look up neti pot. Warm water will soften the paper and come out.","joy"
"Look like when i wake up in the same bed with my uncle","surprise"
"I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.","confusion"
"Ah, the ol' plurality of majesty.","neutral"
"I'm surprised [NAME] hasn't had a chance to be called up","surprise"
"Won't continue. But the positive thing is it's not on fire shooting. It's great ball movement.","disapproval"
"I love this story. So much.","love"
"Yeah it's a weird thing people do","approval"
"Cheers mate.","neutral"
"Idk about any anime from 16-23 years ago but it's probably too outdated for his new waifu","embarrassment"
"Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.","joy"
"You seem eager to just eat up whatever Manila does, werk","neutral"
"That was jarring indeed. But why he wearing a mask?!?!?!","confusion"
"Heaven forbid you do some actual research.","annoyance"
"Thank you for sharing your thoughts. What about alternatives to enable change?","gratitude"
"Now the 'fun' really starts. :(","joy"
"Your aunt has some damn nerve, though!","neutral"
"That's amazing","gratitude"
"Pre 1980 AC/DC is [NAME].","neutral"
"I miss old [NAME]","sadness"
"Oh, I mean I guess he’ll run if he loses. But do you think he will run if he wins? ","curiosity"
"The only rank that can't be deranked is diamond. However, all rewards are based on peak elo. So don't be afraid to keep playing.","neutral"
"It was a reference to earth 1s laurels arc. We honestly dont know enough about earth 2 laurel to come up with anything that wouldnt be overarching speculation.","neutral"
"Says who?","neutral"
"Firm, but gentle. Baby hamsters or live goldfish. Soft female hands caressing my balls is a wonderful feeling. ","excitement"
"Such a sad, angry person. Take a break from reddit and go take up cycling or something.","anger"
"Once or twice a day","neutral"
"If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.","admiration"
"yeah [NAME] can eat glass, that guy fuckin sucks","annoyance"
"I love you like a love song, baby. And if you know that song, it's now in your head.","love"
"The Calgary Herald has extremist on their payroll?","neutral"
"This is racist","anger"
"You need medical help.","caring"
"Okay this is really promising stuff. I'm definitely excited for this.","excitement"
"The Almond Magnums are amazing... and I ate the three in one sitting 😭 In Australia you can find the magnums at IGA :)","neutral"
"Good old belly penis","neutral"
"They probably take slight step back, by that I mean still the best defense in the league, but closer.","sadness"
"[NAME]. Snap me good baby.","curiosity"
"I wonder if truly might be work stress. He works long hours at a prestigious law firm. I need to five him more credit.","excitement"
"prostate massaging with the booooooyz","excitement"
"It wouldn't surprise me if they were paid crisis actors","annoyance"
"Lol. Exactly","amusement"
"Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(","optimism"
"a mad men fan? nice. unfortunately i dont have any idea where to get this at.","confusion"
"Do not throw away your hair, fingernails or teeth because if you don't find them upon your death, you will regret it!","approval"
"If this team could make there wide open shots, we could win some games. Its unbelievable how many open shots we miss. ","desire"
"I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.","fear"
"Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.","annoyance"
"So, it turns out the chants were projection as well.","approval"
"Comeback in a couple months and we'll see.","neutral"
"I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue. ","caring"
"Usually its better just to ignore the dude whos insane, because you don't know if he has a knife or a gun","disapproval"
"Oncologist: I have some thoughts on this Centrist: No one wants to hear about it. Pander to someone else","neutral"
"it’s a sensitive topic and she probably took it as if smelling bad lol. i’d just avoid saying that","neutral"
"I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.","approval"
"This is the sort of unpunished obvious flamebait trolling that people are upset about. Of the sort also consistently delivered by Cylinderhead and [NAME].","nervousness"
"Yes they do. Thank you for the idea!","gratitude"
"If we weren't going to sign an outfielder or [NAME] for some reason, we should have just signed [NAME]. ","approval"
"You could say this situation got a little hairy","neutral"
"Download it again.","annoyance"
"This is my favorite meme that happened every year","excitement"
"Now figure out how to grow bunches like that.","neutral"
"Technically, going 1 forward and five backwards is still a 4 step backward defecit so they are not moving forward ","disappointment"
"Because you never edit babies while above an armed guard. Come on. Get it together.","neutral"
"Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.","caring"
"It was good, but not great.","admiration"
"Sacrifice them to [NAME]","caring"
"Ohhh, thank you for enlightening me 😂😂","approval"
"Man’s a dreamboat. An absolute moisture factory.","admiration"
"I was wondering that as well....","surprise"
"I know I am very worried","nervousness"
"My fault too, should read AST!","realization"
"Is that not with mice though? I could be wrong or maybe its rats & mice. Edit: field mice in particular.","confusion"
"I'm [RELIGION] and I'm disgusting lol","amusement"
"and this is why I, having been baptized [RELIGION], choose to be cremated after I die because I am sacred and can, finally, no longer be used","realization"
"In such a polarized time, we can all recognize each other's common humanity in the fact that no one likes [NAME] best. ","neutral"
"I'm either an optimistic nihilist or a pessimistic existentialist. Only further readings will tell!","neutral"
"If he didn't know the damn roster so well, I'd have assumed he was a Pats fan troll.","optimism"
"Yep, that's my daily commute.","neutral"
"her in the causing a commotion lsfyl is one of the best lip-sync performances in s8 change my mind","admiration"
"are you short ? maybe your toilet is too tall causing the seat to cut circulation","curiosity"
"GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.","admiration"
"I would like a hug","love"
"I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips","neutral"
"I wish ours was like that.","desire"
"You are correct, this happens everytime to me","approval"
"He was so apologetic the bulls couldn’t bring themselves to it.","sadness"
"Pretty sure it’s a reference to Netflix’s “Bird Box” movie. In which case - brutal; I love it.","love"
"It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!","joy"
"and may the kratz be with you too, sir!","neutral"
"Could they not have been quarantined when diagnosed at the airport? (Genuine question, I have no idea about this shit)","realization"
"That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)","admiration"
"Oh hey I have those jeans","joy"
"Ha, ha your mad!","amusement"
"Followup comment that not-so-subtly requests gold by feigning ignorance or pandering to the pathos of uninspired premium redditors.","annoyance"
"I gotta take credit for YouTube because he recommends some sick underground artists but old ones? Never, at least for me","pride"
"Your Mom was ruled by [NAME] dynasty that happened to be Macedonian for the next three centuries.","neutral"
"That wasn't very incredibilis of you.","optimism"
"Does this mean anything for the stability of Taiwan? Im going there in a month on a school field trip that could easily be canceled.","confusion"
"I run both, use my bl, next chase, dh. Even with exhausted, bl has that stagger reduction, so you can kite killers","disapproval"
"At least they were nice enough to cut the stinger off.","neutral"
"Yeah its that Scream guy you always see in that painting. He also played bass for [NAME].","approval"
"There's a correlation between how corrupt a country is and how corrupt it is perceived. edit: DOI:10.1023/A:1013882225402, If you can't acces, scihub still exist.","neutral"
"Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.","love"
"Food is wonderful","admiration"
"That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha","amusement"
"No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé","approval"
"I agree. Your last sentence is definitely a better way to word it","approval"
"Interesting theory.","excitement"
"That’s not the vaccines fault champ.....","neutral"
"What an amazing guy.","admiration"
"Yknow that is one of the main reasons farmers have a lot of kids right? Cheap labor.","realization"
"This is my favourite game of all time and I miss it dearly. I made most of my best friends playing this game.","admiration"
"Toe boards missing, tripping hazards and netting not in place. You better have a retractable lanyard on that phone. Get back to work hand.","caring"
"Then present an opposing argument.","annoyance"
"A ray of light and a beacon of hope. Absolutely beautiful.","admiration"
"I friggin choked scrolling up to this","neutral"
"What? What's wrong with making G a charge charact.. Ooh, yeah Q, I forgot.","approval"
"[NAME] I HATE those.","anger"
"Because I've heard Him speak to me and comfort me.","approval"
"You really shouldn’t just pat wolves you know...","disappointment"
"No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards. ","approval"
"Depends, do you become so old and senile that you have dementia can’t walk and shit","neutral"
"Lets go devils baby","neutral"
"I like it!","love"
"Oh but that was like a positive love story. It didn’t really showcase all the problems with online dating.","admiration"
"They will get the other. It's all fun and games until they noticed I was friends with a deep trust issues with humans since they were little.","disappointment"
"Only [NAME] could claim that shutting down the thing he is in charge of is a success.","annoyance"
"Well, that's only if you assume that something being impossible is the opposite of something being possible.","neutral"
"Aaaaaand soccer! Hopefully...","optimism"
"Yeah lazily typing a naughty word to some retard on the internet is a real indicator of being angry rofl","neutral"
"Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise. ","caring"
"The fuck is “mog?!”","anger"
"Not really.","neutral"
"i wish i got free drugs :(","desire"
"Only a [NAME] deals in absolutes.","neutral"
"If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*","annoyance"
"From a quick glance this account would seem to be glowing","admiration"
"> He is not sexist and not a transphobe. I see you've never actually listened to him or read his work.","disappointment"
"I too think serfdom is good","amusement"
"Well you’re not wrong.","neutral"
"Thank you. So many people out there that would rather be right and in a grave than swallow their pride and do the safer thing.","gratitude"
"The other guys 2: the guy who does his job.","neutral"
"He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.","neutral"
"I do this but but feel better in the end because I use it for procrastination. It's a weird combinational to feel better and worse while cleaning.","neutral"
"I’m gonna make that a sub. Too many juicy targets not to.","neutral"
"But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?","confusion"
"How does that mean his brain is in my mouth, even when I used to work with a shotgun...","annoyance"
"From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.","sadness"
"As a biologist lol. What about hermaphrodites?","neutral"
"Damn. So you went back to an old medication and found it no longer worked for you??? I didn't even know that was possible.","surprise"
"Marriage isn't all about sex. And the fact you think so makes me concerned for whoever you end up with.","curiosity"
"We know from experience that [NAME] couldn’t save a boat","neutral"
"Ranked #3 edge defender in the NFL, 25 years old, and makes our division rival weaker","neutral"
"I feel like people kind of just... forgot about it, somehow? I watched the whole thing and it was a really really fun one","confusion"
"Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen","excitement"
"Expect the unexpected","neutral"
"He specifically called t a “commitment” rather than a plan. Commitment means they told tulo he is the shortstop.","neutral"
"0.5% of his customers are identifiable prostitutes. Yeah that's not real common at all. I'd say 20% or more makes it common.","realization"
"Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier","amusement"
"thank u, thank u","gratitude"
"This shit got me rolling LMFAO","joy"
"You’ve obviously never met a kangaroo before","neutral"
"When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...","annoyance"
"[NAME] I wish that was me.","desire"
"Nope but nice try. Nothing to do with the TH case.","admiration"
"This is not fun","neutral"
"Can we all pitch in and buy this place instead of the Baltimore House?","neutral"
"* yes * yes * yes * yes","neutral"
"What the fuck I thought it was normal to pee before taking a shower and like not pee in the shower Especially if it’s a shared shower ew","disgust"
"You’re a liar. 😂","annoyance"
"i wish it was 2 hours :(","sadness"
"[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list","love"
"Human rights...animals don’t have that","neutral"
"Pretty shit tbh with you","neutral"
"Ill give you a hint where i run my business now its on a beach in india if you find me i will give you your payment","approval"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"Hold my wine, I have to go vomit in sorrow. ","disgust"
"At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!","anger"
"W-what a great audience","admiration"
"I just tell myself that I'll be put together for some girl. She won't have to treat me like a fixer upper.","neutral"
"An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.","curiosity"
"Definitely debt-free.","neutral"
"My crush. 10/10 would love a morning hunt with her.","neutral"
"The way it runs out of the water lmao","amusement"
"#25 on the floor #1 in my heart","neutral"
"Unfortunately that's a long old way from Sydney, but I'm glad teams don't mind having non playing members ","disappointment"
"I didn't know of [NAME] before I saw that episode. I fucking love that man and have watched an unhealthy amount of him since.","love"
"CBP are doing great work here. Well worth giving them some cash, can't wait to go visit","admiration"
"Why slum it if they’re giving you actual cost?","annoyance"
"I like long hair but it's never been a huge consideration in love.","approval"
"“Siri. Call Delivery.”","neutral"
">as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!","admiration"
"You got banned for participating in a brigade.","annoyance"
"That’s the impression I was getting as well, or maybe something [NAME] would conjure up","neutral"
"I'll have some wasabi with tapeworms tonight thanks.","gratitude"
"Damnit tobias.","neutral"
"Seriously this "tastes" avalanche is gold I'm cracking up","admiration"
"STOP GETTING BEAT WHEN YOU HAVE THE ADVANTAGE!","approval"
"Stalking is kind of beta. He should have kidnapped her on horseback.","annoyance"
"Didn’t know he had his initials on his thigh pads too","confusion"
"The nails are great","neutral"
"I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.","joy"
"I really can't remember the last time my mind was this blown by an OP on this sub, and that's saying a lot.","neutral"
"I read his book. I liked it. Sensible advice, and he's a good writer with an interesting background. ","admiration"
"He’s not the brilliant tactician he’s made out to be.","disapproval"
"i'm late to class (zero period) almost everyday because of looksmaxxing. i wake up at 5:45 so i can't wake up any earlier","approval"
"well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1","disapproval"
"You guys are heading toward healing, that's amazing.. Is it possible that you are wishes on true healing ","admiration"
"How to reveal you’re not sexually experienced","confusion"
"Im so glad they him a burial.","neutral"
"Nobody consciously thinks "today I feel like chewing with my mouth open".","disgust"
"I absolutely love DCfC!","love"
"> The cold hard truth is that they are the source of most of the antisemitism in Europe. Citation needed.","approval"
"Thank [NAME] for the person walking down the sidewalk otherwise i would have thought it was a loop immidiately","gratitude"
"Yup [NAME] got cucked","neutral"
"My selfless boi","love"
"Well im sorry that the truth doesnt clear up suspicion but who am i to judge ¯_(ツ)_/¯","gratitude"
"Well you needn't worry about it I won't be coming back to that floating turd you call a country","nervousness"
"And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!","neutral"
"I have not yet. But I have been advised to. Thank you!","gratitude"
"I was actually going CRAZY waiting for it to come out and had prepaid for it in advance and it was worth the wait.","excitement"
"I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED","approval"
"This and the Minneapolis miracle; I've never had so much pure uncontrolled emotion pour out of my body!","realization"
"What happened to your previous account?","curiosity"
"Fiend! Take a good look at this silver cross, for it will be last thing you'll see of me and [NAME]!","sadness"
"Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning","disapproval"
"Yes. Some shows get canceled before they can even finish the season","disapproval"
"From my point of view the freefolk are evil","anger"
"[NAME] looking good for a big game","admiration"
"i think that bungie learned the lesson of Infinity Ward. Great job guys!","admiration"
"In this case, I am really not so sure!","disapproval"
"I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.","disappointment"
"Ooh I like that one :)","joy"
"I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.","excitement"
"If he wasn't diffusing the situation then why did he go in between the two groups?","curiosity"
"The problem with C4 wasn't that it was short, but that nothing really happened. ","disapproval"
"I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing","desire"
"he defended [NAME] when [NAME] drugged and butt raped a 13 year old girl","neutral"
"They were pretty cool in, like, 2010, but then everyone seemed to realize that you could write on the wipeboard with the same effect. ","realization"
"Taking this way farther than needed...","neutral"
"True. But that is one out of many.","approval"
"I look forward to finally trying the game out and helping you guys pump up those kill counts","approval"
"The 4th from the right on the front row is still my favorite hat. It is hard to pair the Blue and Orange with a random outfit.","love"
"In Soviet USA, the simple minded twit who finds himself in all sorts of adventures IS the president.","neutral"
"I'm so sorry. Read about you getting kicked out at home. That must be devastating","sadness"
"We look like Hawks at this time. Good old days","realization"
"Link","neutral"
"This dog is so cute","admiration"
"Thank goodness :D","gratitude"
"I think I should say that I am a student and have no income.","approval"
"Cheers to you","neutral"
"We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there. Literally like an hour.","neutral"
"hmm... we don't need [NAME] now, we need ball retention","neutral"
"You've summoned me too soon Executus!","neutral"
"Oh hey this is pretty awesome! I've never seen such a concise itinerary on one page before.","admiration"
"I was wondering if it's Oxford, felt like I walked under that bridge.","curiosity"
"Right, seafoam. High of 16c today! There are always nudists at the beach, it seems. Not many, but a few hardy ones!","neutral"
"Looked ugly.","neutral"
"Nope. Mac fix+ matte and Body Shop mattifying tea tree spray are the only ones that help my makeup.","approval"
"This is a neccessary future, unless we're comfortable with half of the population being homeless.","disapproval"
"Deadly strike is also spammable with not costing brew and guaranteed damage. Personal preference bud, do the math","neutral"
"Tell me it's real, the feeling that we feel","curiosity"
"On [NAME] I’m in Alabama [NAME] pay what you pay and get 179Mbps down smh","surprise"
"But they aren't blaming anyone other than the potential law breaking of other fisherman here. It's a straw man.","neutral"
"I blame [NAME].","annoyance"
"100% agree. Double standards are ever present. Young girl is sexualised, the whole world goes nuts, but a young boy is somehow perfectly acceptable. It's disgusting. ","approval"
"Your brother really saw the light huh!","curiosity"
"To me it seems more that you played yourself","desire"
"Hes looking for a handout of 3 free meals a day, education and skill training and a roof over his head. Jail, it works.","joy"
"/r/keto too believe it or not.","confusion"
"This is really great!!","admiration"
"I'm assuming they sense the change but to translate it onto the screen for the audience they have to have them realize it","confusion"
"Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...","excitement"
"This is simple but great.","admiration"
"Cheaper to burn the car","amusement"
"Yep. He also said it’d happen on a Manbij patrol","approval"
"That was awesome. Momentum is really something isn't it?","admiration"
"Agreed. How do you feel about the rumors that he doesn't pick any girl as an endgame?","curiosity"
"She must have a very boring life","disappointment"
"He hasn't stopped clapping ever since","neutral"
"Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting","approval"
"Who knows, there are certainly people I know who would be interested in you with that description.","neutral"
"I care about me and my benefit.. No shits given about you (general you) . It's my job to vote my best interest","disgust"
"Hellooo back up career!","neutral"
"This guy footballs","neutral"
"Because he/she is prejudiced.","neutral"
"Oats have proteins similar enough to gluten (avenins) that they can actually cause problems for some people with ceiliacs. Maybe that'd work.","approval"
"I accidentally found it while googling things about “not wanting to be [RELIGION]” and “feeling trapped in [RELIGION]” ect.","neutral"
"One of the best pubs in London. Even more likely inside!!","admiration"
"[NAME] doesn’t care if you drink tea. I would tell him how you feel. Keeping you in my thoughts.","caring"
"Saw a guy a few months ago in Paris wearing a PSG shirt with [NAME] name on the back. Legend.","admiration"
"She regrets getting in trouble","remorse"
"The smell lasts a half hour so maybe don't go to the Policeman's Ball right after. Rye and rhubarb sounds pretty fucking mint though","neutral"
"This video was uploaded in October 2013, over five years ago now. This just feels like an unnecessarily inflammatory post for karma to me.","disgust"
"by [NAME]","neutral"
"And with the employee says “what coworker? I’m working alone today.”","neutral"
"You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].","curiosity"
"Still seems to exist. I'll check it out. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Damn right.","excitement"
"Someone tell Disney. The evil mouse has sued daycare centers for painting Mickey on their walls, they sure as hell will sue for this abomination.","neutral"
"I guffawed! Error! Multikill! Now I have to manxplain cryptocurrency again to my wife sitting next to me.","joy"
"Depends. My first name for coworkers, middle for friends.","neutral"
"Dat trigger discipline though","neutral"
"I hate when that happens.","sadness"
"That’s a weird way of spelling Tobin.","disgust"
"“NPCs”, “cucks”, “blue pillers” Well, there’s a reason nobody takes you seriously, buddy","disappointment"
"That's ok I get it exactly you're ok with me","admiration"
"Falcons fan here, We relish in the moments like the one on Sunday.","joy"
"[NAME] is my life!","joy"
"I wasn't digging it and then [NAME] did her spiritual spacewalk. I almost walked out.","anger"
"Good, hope he actually takes that to heart!","caring"
"It's right up there with sites trying sell you gold for the coming apocalypse","approval"
"That IS crazy!","approval"
"Literally what happened.","amusement"
"Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.","neutral"
"This. Thank you.","gratitude"
"i live literally around the corner, not the best food but i think they make dumpling pizzas there","neutral"
"With the up and coming hit single "I have a new Daddy every week".","annoyance"
"I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.","neutral"
"TSM would be cool","neutral"
"Must be a nice feeling...unless UDG is counted.","optimism"
"The idea of that sucks!","annoyance"
"praise be to the dark mother!","neutral"
"That poor janitor.","sadness"
"Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.","sadness"
"I agree with this coked-up fiend.","approval"
"Canucks get a mind-numbing penalty called on them and the other team scores on the ensuing PP. Surprising nobody.","surprise"
"That was more of a dumb [NAME] decision to play the corners to far back","neutral"
"She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells","remorse"
"Glad to hear this gets easier. I want to visit Hawaii, but I've held off to avoid those feelings. Same with Portland sadly. :(","neutral"
"[NAME] is unbearable. I wish [NAME] had killed her.","anger"
"Its like if i decapitated myself while shaving.","neutral"
"And just to continue the tradition, they reported on building 7 falling 25 minutes before it fell...","realization"
"Because [NAME] doesn't have time to monitor what is going on in a couples bedroom.","disapproval"
"Yet, the Blue Bell crowd still worships this half ass ice cream, full of artificial flavors and HFCS.","neutral"
"Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.","anger"
"Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.","approval"
"What did they do?","curiosity"
"I think she means he was her boyfriend for 5 months","neutral"
"Ah the city of brotherly love <3","love"
"HHahah. Right? I’m scared","fear"
"You definitely have a sexy [NAME] look going on.","approval"
"Side deflects are stupid hard to pull off imo also because you might be used to 500ms lights or slower heavies for deflects his 600ms lights might throw you off","anger"
"Lay off the drugs dude","caring"
"Thank you. Let’s not blame one parent only for the existence of a child, or the batshitness of one coparent. ","gratitude"
"TIL [NAME] is a real girl","admiration"
"Yea he’s a good shooter love playing as him in MyGm","admiration"
"It's a reference to an old tweet [NAME] sent about [NAME] when he was still in Congress ahah.","neutral"
"I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!","realization"
">People can literally have conversations with each other just using google. My nipples explode with delight!","excitement"
"Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.","remorse"
"[NAME] is so cute! And [NAME] is a very dashing name.","neutral"
"Why does [NAME] also steal [NAME] revolutionism","annoyance"
"That's a good policy.","admiration"
"Be brave Star Wars fans. You've likely been analyzing RotJ wrong your entire life. OP has it all figured out. Amazing. I love you.","caring"
"Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head","pride"
"Any amount of [NAME] is too much [NAME] lol","amusement"
"Caring too much","caring"
"Reach out to @teamyoutube on twitter and explain what is going on.","neutral"
"Just rubbish.","disgust"
"Don’t say his name!!","annoyance"
"you are so welcome. I’m glad I could bring sunshine to your day.","gratitude"
"Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.","gratitude"
"Wow, the menacing head shake...(shivers) ","amusement"
"Not sure why you got downvoted, it's easy to miss some of these brand replacement names","neutral"
"I like the energy [NAME], [NAME], DFS put out.","love"
"Not sure why you're being downvoted","curiosity"
"Yes - thank you for stating it this way - perfectly said.","admiration"
"I'm going to steal this and pretend I came up with it so I downvoted it so no one will know(just kidding)","neutral"
"Didn't know that sub, thanks!","gratitude"
"This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.","admiration"
"It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.","joy"
"It’s fake","neutral"
"Well if he takes his daughter to a nightclub then that’s a bit inappropriate","anger"
"Oh shit, as a matter of fact my knees are now weak","realization"
"yes, he has 1 open seat in the back row left..","neutral"
"Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/","remorse"
"Every single time","neutral"
"That is insanity","annoyance"
"Hahahah this is one of the dumbest thing i ever heard. Thank you for sharing and giving me a good laugh","disgust"
"I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3","admiration"
"That’s great! Love this sort of thing. Is that really a prison on the north side of vauxhall bridge? Prime real estate now!","admiration"
"Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)","gratitude"
"Obviously the super sisters will save her.","caring"
"nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol","disappointment"
"*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.","anger"
"I'm sorry for that.","sadness"
"right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.","approval"
"If found seeds in some of that absolute dankest flower I’ve ever smoked. Grease monkey.. I can still smell it 👌","approval"
"This is a great detailed response. Thanks.","admiration"
"Diesel engines don't need an ignition system or spark plugs and are easier to waterproof.","neutral"
"No. We have the same desire. No one should be told how to live.","annoyance"
"I don't bother diagnosing it in people with BPD. The handful of genuine DIDs that I was referring to were people who didn't have BPD.","disapproval"
"Sorry you are still being messaged by ugly guys, that must be really tough, you are brave for still using the site sweatie ","caring"
"Migrants are here legally, illegals aren't. There is a huge difference.","realization"
"I would stay away from buying from msL. Just remember that [NAME] looks like [NAME] on there. Trying to make a change :-/","neutral"
"Haha cheers for the kind words mate","amusement"
"Any time. Sorry she is putting you through this. I hope you two figure it out soon.","caring"
"That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.","approval"
"This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again","neutral"
"What? Shut up?","anger"
"Thank you!!!!","love"
"Your hairline is further away than [NAME] hope of gaining subscribers while still having beef with you.","optimism"
"Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.","amusement"
"As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️","joy"
"Definitely. I find if I don't exercise for a few weeks I'll gain a few pounds quick..","approval"
"Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!","disapproval"
"I just never felt like a boy. I hate my body and I just feel like I can't express myself for who I am.","anger"
"No problem, it's never easy to be in this situation. It's best to end things neatly before you end up resenting each other ","neutral"
"You're way too involved in this. Take a break from the internet.","neutral"
"*what the fuck*","anger"
"Exactly! When the mom went to kekeing in [NAME] face to FaceTime with [NAME] in all of 10 minutes my jaw fell to the floor!","surprise"
"Did not know that. Not bad","admiration"
"*my fat normie slut*","anger"
"Kk cause I love touching up my tops so I'm just making sure 😂 &#x200B;","love"
"Just gonna say it. Bahahahahahaha","neutral"
"keep telling yourself that, women dont care. keep hypnotizing yourself with pornsickness, that will bring all the women to the yard /s","caring"
"bcash is not bitcoin. its a fork if bitcoin, and you brought up [NAME] yourself which is pretty odd considering you think of him as a distraction.","realization"
"Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!","neutral"
"I miss being little 😭😭😭","sadness"
"Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.","anger"
"They are both owned by the same parent company and they probably wanted to get their money's worth since Taco Bell isn't really prevelant in EU","neutral"
"This is so wholesome 😭😭😭","admiration"
"we deserve to lose after that","disappointment"
"How tf do you sanatize a shoe so that it can be used for food?","surprise"
"First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao","disapproval"
"Sweety she called it P.H.A.T. Cause mawma ain't nothing wrong with being P.H.A.T okur.","neutral"
"You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.","neutral"
"Op gets wooooshed","neutral"
"Taking some midol! Gift from [NAME].","caring"
"removed the bit calling you a right winger. Sorry.","neutral"
"“Legal” and “real” are different words.","neutral"
"Dude, your mentally handicapped post history. /I'm ignoring ya it's all good","neutral"
"Oh Lord hearing the puking!","neutral"
"I’m sorry about your pup. At least between the two of them she won’t be neglected? I just feel badly for you.","caring"
"Yeah it's unexpected but I have to remove this because it's not satire or gatekeeping.","approval"
"I would prefer this over her being a completely random person, which makes no sense and was a tremendous misstep in this family saga. ","neutral"
"I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.","love"
"I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot","disappointment"
"I feel like there's some shenanigans in place here.","realization"
"Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad","gratitude"
"Dang.. I’m none of them. :-(","neutral"
"Yes, you have a butt that won't quit, after all! ","annoyance"
"Another day, another Newsweek article reporting what some commentator said on TV.","neutral"
"Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!","gratitude"
"im alright my dude, didn’t realize how dark this was i might take it down","realization"
"So, just a super verbose tone trolling?","admiration"
"Gotta hang tough","neutral"
"I feel safe around you is a nice one","joy"
"> DJT to realize I’m not sure this is even a thing that happens.","confusion"
"The first article on their is talking about the [NAME] documentary...? E - there*. What the hell is my phone doing","annoyance"
"Dental Assisting. I still deal with people but going through school and doing hours at a dental office I'm thoroughly enjoying it.","approval"
"Well with the inclusion of run counters shit seems pretty pretty brain dead to me.","confusion"
"He's a good fit, not a perfect fit. Same goes for [NAME]. ","admiration"
"There are! Ask your doctor today!","neutral"
"I had no idea it would hit me as hard as it did. It really changed my view.","neutral"
"Thanks man I appreciate that! I just feel like I'm in a tailspin of not being good enough and idk how to get out of it","admiration"
"Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?","disgust"
"As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable ","neutral"
"My dad has an irrational fear of the dark.","neutral"
"it's common that Syrian AA continues shooting long after an attack is over for whatever reasons","neutral"
"I remember that one. It was so painful to watch","realization"
"he's interested. maybe text him explaining what you're telling us just more concise","caring"
"It's not better or worse, just different. ","disgust"
"Can’t believe no one said [NAME] when she slept with [NAME]!!! I love [NAME] and I felt personally betrayed. Wish they never reunited.","neutral"
"Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again","embarrassment"
"Watched this while eating hash browns covered in ketchup. You SOB. NSFW lol.","amusement"
"Cheat - no. Disrespect her current relationship partner - heavily to the point of her ass deserving to be thrown out.","disapproval"
"Best sports league in the world.","admiration"
"> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.","approval"
"I'm a firm believer that you should take courses before having children, that you should have a license for them","approval"
"Time to let the justice system run its course.","approval"
"Yow thats gnarly.","fear"
"I like your honesty","admiration"
"It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!","anger"
"No Despacito Remix. No 4K Ultra. No Goals and Highlights. No 360 No-Scope Assists. Are you even excited man?","neutral"
"Look [NAME], those curly q's on your face make me so hot I can't think straight.","approval"
"It is not the ring. (I hope that you will be more relaxed now, but I’ve to be honestly, it is a fucking lie)","disapproval"
"Ah, modern society's obsession with romance for the sake of romance… I hate it.","embarrassment"
"Don't worry--reminders like this are exactly where grizzled old guys can help out most.","caring"
"Wow. Forget the separation, lawyer up and go straight to divorce. ","admiration"
"Shut up, [NAME]. ","anger"
"Maybe it’s just too early but I can’t figure out what that’s supposed to be.","confusion"
"Fantastic! Thank you for the info sir!","admiration"
"Doesn’t... doesn’t it take more time and work forging a signature and lying than just.. delivering the package at the front door?","curiosity"
"For a sub about motivation y'all are a bitter bunch haha","amusement"
"I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.","disappointment"
"Wow, that was insane","surprise"
"Doing what?","neutral"
"Well, that sucks","annoyance"
"It does with PIA","neutral"
"Now it's 7","neutral"
"I decreased my intake as she suggested, but she now says I am grounded ","annoyance"
""[NAME] crazy about [NAME], she loves dog bones and her dog food too" (to the tune of free falling)","excitement"
"Yours truly, The reddit supplicant. ","neutral"
"I like to hope I can convert some of mine.","optimism"
"really clever lol","amusement"
"Yes my mother is ok with it.","approval"
"That's not even accounting for the NDAs other customers have had to sign.","neutral"
"yep he joined the wrong org","neutral"
"I also take the pill continuously for endometriosis. I will never go back. I love those pills.","approval"
"We, the fans, are the losers here.","neutral"
"Thank you sis!","gratitude"
"Lol, crazy move of the goalpost but okay","amusement"
"Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.","confusion"
"One of my favourite [NAME] moments","excitement"
"In many states the law prosecutes the server just as harsh as the lawbreakers when it comes to alcohol. Dram shop law","sadness"
"Oh no! We better stop now...before someone's feelings get hurt!","sadness"
"THAT IS A $200 PLASMA SCREEN TV YOU JUST KILLED, i also loved the way he walked into the room all mad, lol","amusement"
"Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!","joy"
"One can only dream about having such a good team one day again. Now we have Sansores y Vilchis no mames haha.","joy"
"Underrated comment 🤣","admiration"
"Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!","disappointment"
"That was glorious.","love"
"I don't get it haha man it sucks not knowing what a wall phone is haha","amusement"
"How can someone be so stupid to post that online, let alone publicly do that","disappointment"
"Daddies little nightmare","fear"
"Yeah I know :'(","approval"
"I was in awe the whole hour I spent in there.","fear"
"The numbers are literally in front of you and not interested and zero categories have different votes. I’m genuinely starting to question what’s real anymore","confusion"
"That's why I don't open Instagram that much","neutral"
"Excuse me I am a very important person and I now think you're gay.","approval"
"I know the author tried to find a picture that emphasize wealth/elitism but they’re toasting with water lmao","disapproval"
"Thanks man 🙏🏽","gratitude"
"At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening. ","approval"
"ah good find. I guess I saw some sort of grade 9 class photo then. Cheers.","optimism"
"It would be funny and sad if he gets heart complications again","amusement"
"I thought that said affordable, and i was really concerned","caring"
"Yep. Learned my lesson this time.","gratitude"
"How to accidentally run over your dog in one easy step","neutral"
"Well ya but it's kinda too late for that unfortunately","neutral"
"Well, I'm pretty sure I don't act like that, but aight.","neutral"
"These stories make me glad that I have a job that doesn't require social interaction besides my boss and coworkers.","joy"
"Or just head on to Galleon's Grave. I just hate Dagger Tooth.","annoyance"
"Oh hell yes, baby. Give it to me","neutral"
"A shitpost crosspost","neutral"
"No way we would turn down [NAME] for [NAME]. BS","disapproval"
"The [NAME] is coming...","neutral"
"Ah well, that'll do it. Thanks for the clarification. Should have been obvious really...","gratitude"
"[NAME] would be really pissed off to lose c3po and r2 to the fucking destroy ending","neutral"
"Paired with all the other trivial things they make you do that have no effect on your job performance, it's just to break your spirit. ","approval"
"Welcome to the Just Cause experience","neutral"
"Not sure which area you visited but the water is still super clear near the cliffs.","admiration"
"Go see a therapist! Your hospital has them. Post traumatic events sometimes need therapy and that’s ok!","caring"
"Thanks for the recommendation! Hopefully my Ulta will have some to swatch!","gratitude"
"_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...","anger"
"The best one for me is still Borderlands 2, and it’s been a fucking while. Amazing how far ahead of its time that game was.","anger"
"Her promo's alone would be a great addition to the promotion.","admiration"
"At least the repulsive sex scenes are helping me maintain my diet","approval"
"This entertained me far more than it should have. If I had gold to give...","neutral"
"Haha you have a cut on your face you must be the worst person who ever lived.","amusement"
"Thank you...","gratitude"
"Now she’s going to find corn in her panties for the foreseeable future. Poor planning! Tehe...creamed corn....","optimism"
"I’m currently doing a 3 day fast and omg this is not helping 🤤","sadness"
"Better late than never.","neutral"
"im aware. im trying to figure out how the heck you found it in what i said. even after given context to the situation.","neutral"
"In Canada you should probably be more worried about moose than bears","fear"
"You don’t have AIDS. Put those silly condoms away!","annoyance"
"I can shit on [NAME] and [NAME] as well if you'd like ;) Viva [NAME]","annoyance"
"Nice I am actually going to the game! Awesome I'll get to see him represent.","excitement"
"Is that good or bad?","confusion"
"The air can kill you at this temperature.","fear"
"Uh yeah dude [NAME]!!","neutral"
"Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!","neutral"
"I never thought to put protein into my oatmeal. I may try that tomorrow.","neutral"
"If only life was a garbage isekai anime. Too bad the genre is just pandering and blatant self-insert/wish fulfillment. Oh well.","annoyance"
"That's horrible, good to know she is with an awesome guy.","joy"
"You have a long and amazing life ahead of you...you're beautiful 💜","admiration"
"Haha username checks out, but I thank you all xx","excitement"
"Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.","neutral"
"Sameee, if I got a dollar for every time I’ve gotten that comment I’d be able to end world hunger","neutral"
"The rest of the starting QBs.","neutral"
"Oop my bad","neutral"
"I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.","joy"
"> 3 low-ceiling prospects I think 95%+ of professional NBA analysts would disagree with that assessment","disapproval"
"[NAME], I'm just here for a good time.","neutral"
"Bears Beets Baseball","neutral"
"I mean it doesn't say anything about comments? Anyways who cares it's a celebrity its his fault.","annoyance"
"...and today will be like any other day. We aren't here to interfere with you.","nervousness"
"NOW THIS IS SOMETHING I CAN GET BEHIND","neutral"
"Oh, also forgot to add, LOTION! ALWAYS lotion afterwards. It only makes your skin smoother! ","realization"
"Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.","sadness"
"The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.","neutral"
"Eh, same difference ","neutral"
"one dude puked on my patio, he fell out at 2am! weak!","disappointment"
"Thanks for reminding me not to have kids","approval"
"Assault weapon are 26 ton weapons used by the nazis and Soviets during ww2 I think you're mistaking it for semi auto rifle","neutral"
"Well, I can only assume that you've discovered the delicious style of Islay scotch.","approval"
"I’m sure if it’s crusty there’s some flavor.","confusion"
"I understand. Sorry that happened to you. Stay strong!","caring"
"It's to save you the hassle of scooping the brains from the ground","caring"
"3/10 bad troll","neutral"
"man remember when it was 1996 and I was zero years old? good times","neutral"
"Your comments are nothing but rhetorical ways of telling me I'm wrong. Zero substance.","disapproval"
"We absolutely can't leave the first three rounds without an offensive tackle. Preferably Round 1 or 2","neutral"
"Bee’s are cool","neutral"
"Exactly. My father is part of Homeland security and is furloughed. Homeland Security isn't completely shut down but they furloughed part of their work force.","neutral"
"I vote to now refer to him as [NAME] from now on due to his newfound confidence","neutral"
"It’s gonna be a large group interview in a shady office. Ghost em.","neutral"
"football is my best cope. its like chess to me","pride"
"ugh, same. it also gave me the shakes, so I quit. so far, I've found Trintellix to be a nice compromise","approval"
"Hear eagles fans are sending dude money. He'll need it. I'm hoping I hear of his unemployment momentarily.","optimism"
"I don’t recall EVER being so excited about next year!","embarrassment"
"I’ve been using the Greiss poke check on [NAME] as mine since it happened.","neutral"
"Because of reading comprehension fails? Maybe we should all be reading more. :)","realization"
"Now they can say they tried and that the big evil NRA and the GOP foiled their plans to make America safer.","neutral"
"Thank you. I'm just so shocked that this is in Arizona. This looks like it belongs somewhere completely different.","disapproval"
"These style skins remind me so much of hollow knight","neutral"
"Thank you a lot! Btw that user name tho 😆","amusement"
"[NAME] probably won’t like that lol","amusement"
"Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u","optimism"
"Same! I love to crochet and this just made me giggle.","amusement"
"Happy new year!","excitement"
"Every time I get a staff kill, it feels like seeing a shooting star <3 Yeah, it definitely sucks.","disgust"
"I am assuming since it's shut down, no one can access the website to change these things. They are most likely delayed.","disapproval"
"Yep that helps. I’m in a sneakarchy for sure. Thanks for the info!","gratitude"
"Boy you sure can make some word vomit. You must be scared all the time to have such pessimistic views of people.","neutral"
"I’m fatter than I’ve ever been before! 2019 baby!","neutral"
"(Stupid) * (how many times you think you can pull it off without getting caught )","anger"
"as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that","caring"
"I'm pregnant! "How dare you?!" I love it.","anger"
"Lawful VS chaotic","neutral"
"If you saw this pizza you'd have disagreed. Would have caused [NAME] to faint","disappointment"
"Hyperthyroidism? Best get into a GP and get bloodwork done because many of these symptoms cannot be explained by mental illness.","curiosity"
"I watching the jump and [NAME] pierce just said he created the step back..... WHAT","neutral"
"And he'll still be unimaginably rich after the fact, so this has gone so far into edge-case territory where the unfairness doesn't really matter","confusion"
"I'm a sexworker and trust me, plenty of us love our jobs an our work.","love"
"That's cute. Sincerely Nepal, 7.6","admiration"
"Goddamned masterpiece.","neutral"
"A lot of times the only thing holding any of us back is ourselves. It's not too late to start writing either.","realization"
"uh... you explore. Iv def been curious and just spent a bit jamming my fingers in there feeling it all","curiosity"
"83% want it! Have a great weekend In solidarity, 4now","approval"
"Running a company will be the same disappointment. Your problem is unsolved.","disapproval"
"When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.","anger"
"Its not better then PoE.....by a longshot.","disapproval"
"Lol it's only been 7 years. Don't let your guard down now.","caring"
"Let me add to them - it was awesome. Also unexpected!","admiration"
"Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.","annoyance"
"If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.","annoyance"
"My mom wrote a paper for me once in 5th grade. I got a B-. Needless to say, I learned my lesson.","annoyance"
"[NAME] AND PORZINGOD UNDER THE TUTILAGE OF DADDY DIRK PINCH ME I MUST BE DREAMING","anger"
"Maybe because those are real, tangible things and not lines of code","confusion"
"IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳","anger"
"Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.","disapproval"
"Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!","surprise"
"I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess","annoyance"
"It's an absurdly racist phrase that these anti-racist activists are very comfortable using for some reason.","surprise"
"Very nice, man! Love it.","love"
"[NAME] was autistic BOOM","nervousness"
"Uh, people kept asking me if I was jailor and I said no, and based on this chat you can also see that jailor is not smart.","embarrassment"
"I'm not sure what you're speaking of, but I suspect it may be specific to your state.","confusion"
"Do you have any original thoughts? ...or any at all? 18 days; going on 100! Happy New Year!!","curiosity"
"Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.","sadness"
"It is heated overnight at much cheaper rates. They are very well insulated.","disapproval"
"[NAME] is a comedic goldmine. I don't blame comedians for milking the idiot.","neutral"
"Wow! If they were to follow that logic, they would have to ask why on earth we were given doctors! Insanity.","embarrassment"
"The junkies that hang around there can make some good jokes about getting blitz'd","admiration"
"omg [NAME] and his dad walking out together is so cute 😍","admiration"
"Yep that was incredibly rude. What kind of adult sits down and decides to put that in a major magazine? Just unbelievable.","neutral"
"Considering that was an already exploding market this is kind of a big deal I guess.","approval"
"It a scammer not an undercover","neutral"
"I didn’t think of that, thank you!","gratitude"
"This momentum control by the refs is killing us, and we're letting it","sadness"
"Lol same here😖","amusement"
"So this dude gets a bonus that could have funded HGC for at least 2 more years. Thanks Activision!","gratitude"
"Yay! Smug buddies!","neutral"
"Didn't find it believable even from the start","disapproval"
"I don't think you've ever seen the dsm. If you knowingly do something stupid you don't deserve anything but what you get","disapproval"
"So air doesn't move if your hand isn't faster then speed? I doubt that.","neutral"
"Mr. [NAME] is basically Wow","neutral"
"Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao","amusement"
"Can we put down weed bro? He’s faced too much suffering.","disapproval"
"You actually have a point. But I think as long as they both dont have an issue atm it should be okay.","optimism"
"Or more aptly "OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck" As you see me run away.","anger"
"Yes, we did.","neutral"
"“I did do the nasty in the pasty.” “And that past nastification...”","neutral"
"This dudes basically [NAME]","approval"
"Worst case, Grab an Uber or Lyft to another dealership.","disgust"
"My favorite pod when they are fresh & clear. Sadly, all of my recent packs look like dark brown syrup pods. ","sadness"
"I'm betting my kids in MoCo will be off. Edit - MoCo announced, my house erupted in cheers","joy"
"That PP also had a much better first unit than this team has.","neutral"
"That guy probably makes minimum wage doing delivery. And you just not only stole the pizza he delivered but his bike too. Belongs in r/imatotalpieceofshit","neutral"
"An interesting video, though the title's lack of an Oxford comma is bothering me.","neutral"
"I'm sorry for you, but that pic is in the wrong subreddit.","remorse"
"Boy I hope someone got fired for that blunder. (honestly I thought of messing up this quote just to screw with you too)","neutral"
"This was 90 for 7grams","approval"
"I hate these cakes so much.","annoyance"
"Nope. Not atm anyway. I somewhat doubt they’ll ever add upgraded satchels but it would certainly be welcomed.","curiosity"
"[NAME]! [NAME]! A bag of your finest wine please, to go!","admiration"
"I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself","approval"
"Well it obviously helps you rationalize your total unwillingness to take action to make the world a better place. I hope that you grow past that.","approval"
"Just called, only one left, it's on hold for some fella named [NAME].","neutral"
"But if I had a right to it as a member of society then I have committed no wrong.","disapproval"
"The my bad thing is hilarious.","amusement"
"No. Maybe if he kills [NAME]. Still a long shot","neutral"
"I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!","fear"
"Congrats, you got pleb filtered","admiration"
"“If something doesn’t affect me, it’s not important”","neutral"
"[NAME] can hear you over the internet, don't be so loud","neutral"
"New Job? [NAME] is pregnant!","excitement"
"I would do this job for free! /s","approval"
"I think you'll find there is only one big one, lasting less than an hour.","approval"
"Which will happen.","neutral"
"Wow. Thanks for this.","gratitude"
"He really would be. It's not even an abortion anymore!;It's just post-birth killing!","disapproval"
">Apple convienently provided an adapter. If they left the headphone jack, why couldn't I just use an aux cord?","approval"
"Prices there appear lower than Banff and it would only be a short drive, thanks! I'll continue my research into Canmore.","neutral"
"Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies. ","neutral"
"[NAME] is a very nervous insecure man because he's got all them RINGZZZ he has to protect.","sadness"
"Ahhh India. Where she would have been raped 17 times on her daily commute.","anger"
"Probably nothing. I'm assuming they're disputing the DMCA claim.","approval"
">ribs My condolences on your loss.","grief"
"Can't wait to see this badboy in season 8 😍 😍 😍 When [NAME] listed him among Dragonpit characters i was so happy. ","curiosity"
"Makes sense, thanks!","gratitude"
"You're mistaking a poor character for MC.","neutral"
"Yes please! OwO","neutral"
"Wait there are still people on this subreddit who haven't blocked that account? I'm impressed.","admiration"
"I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.","love"
"5 hours late!!!!!!!!! omg.","surprise"
"You forgot the /s friend.","disapproval"
"I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭","disappointment"
"Such pretty kitties!","admiration"
"still would be great. especially if we get [NAME] from denver aswell in FA","neutral"
"I'm laughing because this exact thing happened to me.","amusement"
"The like is the worst of the bunch","disapproval"
"Those all look like perfectly good cookies or is that the joke","admiration"
"She's getting younger and younger. Which wouldn't be that big of a deal if this post didn't exist","admiration"
"Your team lacks ethics.","disapproval"
"Why the social anxiety? You are going on an adventure with friends and are excited not anxious","caring"
"Fuck these calls","anger"
"Will the neck beards grow longer now that they refuse to use Gillette products?","neutral"
"Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming","desire"
"If I ever need a good laugh, I watch the apology video.","remorse"
"Lol this ockanikin! I used to love coming here for summer camp when I was in cub/Boy Scouts!","excitement"
"can't remember much of what happens. All I do remember is I was miserable. Good performances, but it was a bit dour for my taste.","admiration"
"is it dangerous to take a quick photo while stopped at a red light","neutral"
"R4, 9. You’ve had many chances. Banned. ","neutral"
"....it’s just raining on my face","neutral"
"Wait, am I the only one who thought [NAME] was the tallest since childhood? ","surprise"
"I love that both replies to you are correct. It can be hard to tell cars apart. But also she probably wasn't paying attention.","love"
"yes, i fucking hate that.","anger"
"If you ram it just right, you can ram it all night!","approval"
" >sexuality shouldn’t be a grouping category It makes you different from othet ppl so imo it fits the definition of "grouping" ","disapproval"
"Post it! Im dying to know what she looks like “normal”","approval"
"I think it's because he was so damn happy for his friend, which again, is sweet as hell.","annoyance"
"Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!","amusement"
"Thank you very much for your time and advice! I’ll consider it greatly for the future!","gratitude"
"A cat at rest will stay at rest until it wishes to engage kill mode.","neutral"
"Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry","remorse"
"that’s why I asked haha","amusement"
"oh my [NAME] easily one of the worst sounds aaahhhhhh","surprise"
"And I've no monkeys left.... Sorry man","disappointment"
"Game of the conference season so far and ESPN screws up the stream with only a link to the game in Spanish?","curiosity"
"I'm concerned with optimal health. Not surviving.","joy"
"/[NAME]","neutral"
"Well, Detroit isn't currently marred by ownership and front office incompetence.","realization"
"Please be my guess :)","neutral"
"Yay Pip!","admiration"
"I love juancho","love"
"Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.","neutral"
"How can we expect to devise useful interventions if we don't accept the reality of the situation?","confusion"
""Out of all the people that lost, you came first in that group. You're the biggest loser"","annoyance"
"Oh don't get me wrong, there's a lot else wrong with comparing teachers to huns besides what I said.","sadness"
"Obviously there is a unicorn conspiracy perpetuated by [NAME], who are trying to suppress the truth about one-horned animals ","neutral"
"Funny thing is, all of my salespeople who consistently sell 20/mo are constantly on the phone. Weird!","amusement"
"Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring","gratitude"
"This makes me wanna play Minecraft again","approval"
"An interesting point but do you know where Auto-trader were told the van would be when the photo shoot was booked. That may well explain your point.","neutral"
"I have a friend that had a stroke that left her paralyzed. Could this treatment be used inside her brain to recover the dead cells?","neutral"
"That’s fair, I disagree with you, but I’m not here to change your mind. Was just curious. ","disapproval"
"I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.","fear"
"They keep thinking #ThotAudit is going to take off. 😂","neutral"
"It’s not as self serving maybe. But Democracy is definitely still self serving","confusion"
"People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂","fear"
"For the same reason that you desire for people to explain things to you for free: to gain knowledge that benefits society.","approval"
"Laughed. Out. Loud","joy"
"interesting theory. I'll try to keep this in mind more. ♥","admiration"
"Here come the angry [NAME] stans 🤪🌹","neutral"
"I hope the Rams take it all cause of that. Would love to see [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] win the super bowl again!","desire"
"Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.","disappointment"
"Yes Thank you ! Someone might try to sue me because they pulled out and got pregnant ... use full body condoms if you think Facebook should support your baybeeees","gratitude"
"I'm curious to see what his answer will be","curiosity"
"how was your day?","neutral"
"He’s been in power for years and gays being murdered in Chechnya isn’t new.","neutral"
"No one asked for that honesty.","neutral"
"I mean it's not wrong","nervousness"
"I'm sorry.","sadness"
"Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.","annoyance"
"Its weird because I didn’t say “house cat” I just said “cat” yet you felt the need to correct me.","disgust"
"I would prefer this over her being a completely random person, which makes no sense and was a tremendous misstep in this family saga. ","neutral"
"I tried Nair once. Do not use Nair.","neutral"
"Sounds good to me.","approval"
"nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!","admiration"
"If you catch thinning early enough you can stop balding by taking finasteride.","optimism"
"Or what Midnight's players should have requested. Midnight are now in the driving seat, the players have 0 control ","curiosity"
"I've never heard [NAME] complain about *post*-marital sex. So after you get a divorce, tear off your clothes and indulge your lusts!","sadness"
"Looking at thngs that way can also help with confidence. Realizing that it doesn't matter can be quite freeing.","neutral"
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, "Sorry."","remorse"
"Yeah thats exactly what I said. Im too weak to do it.","approval"
"Strong and stable...","neutral"
">[NAME] dead body lie the mud and she have smug face because she had her revenge against [NAME] What scene was this?","neutral"
"I know they had an extremely toxic relationship but [NAME] was so much more tolerable when he was with [NAME].","neutral"
"unplanned pregnancy != rape Not commenting on the beings involved in the story up above, but seriously those two things are not equivalent","approval"
"calling her a sellout for having a job is hilarious.","amusement"
"Yes, I do. I'm open to dating from anywhere- friends of friends, nights out, online. ","joy"
"Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach","sadness"
"Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog","remorse"
"Genuinely laughed really hard","amusement"
"Wtf the dude is 29? Seemed like only yesterday he was the most hyped goalie prospect in the world...","neutral"
"You were. I gave you away to see Tool in '06.","neutral"
"And bigger than that. Her house, her rules.","neutral"
"Nononononoyes their doing this knowing that they are going to kill the bull no matter what, he deserves it.","fear"
"Such a nice photo of city hall.","admiration"
"I think Judge came in a little too late so he’ll need to be amazing for the next 8 years","admiration"
"His reaction makes it seem like a training video","neutral"
"Warning to all new comers, you are likely to experience Delayed Onset Muscle Sadness.","disappointment"
"Fear of powerful women cripples all logic and invokes hysteria in seemingly normal people. For further information, see [NAME] criticism. ","fear"
"As long as the stop watch on my iPhone is timing him, my kid will do almost any chore. Its crazy what kids find exciting","excitement"
"It's going to get awfully dark and cold at night.","disgust"
"He could be spooked off by the camera crew?","neutral"
"That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome","gratitude"
"You can see they actually blocked them since the last message is green. That is so messed up.","neutral"
"Science has its role in a society. It should serve that role. It should not try to usurp morality, spirituality etc.","admiration"
"Thank you :) I'll try to stay positive","gratitude"
"The true perk is "knowing all the good local spots"","admiration"
"You seem fun.","amusement"
"Dual channel, I pinged you with what I have in discord","annoyance"
"Damn, my therapists have been ripping themselves off for years taking mine then have a good day sweetheart. ","amusement"
"i love that channel","love"
"To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)","love"
"Awesome quote.","admiration"
"Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster","annoyance"
"Time flies when you're a semiprofessional quotemaker. I wonder what he's up to these days.","surprise"
"[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] just yelling over each other and [NAME] looking around like what the...?","neutral"
"I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.","sadness"
"THANK YOU!!! I’ve been trying to figure out his name","gratitude"
"Figured since [NAME] is expiring and you guys are tanking it didn’t really matter","gratitude"
"At the very least our shithousery is better, and I highly doubt there's any [NAME] who can outda the da's on here","confusion"
"Lol just reading that url makes it obvious you linked to some partisan hackjob.","amusement"
"You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.","approval"
"To humor the thought, I would think that they would just move on and find a different platform that either worked equally as well or better.","amusement"
"Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.","joy"
"> "But I'm their father. They have to," he kept saying. And there is delusion colliding with reality.","neutral"
"When he shoved them.","neutral"
"I sub white mocha for the classic. Delicious.","joy"
"I'm making small steps to change my life","neutral"
"[NAME] looks great","admiration"
"Haven't printed a retraction in twenty years!","surprise"
"The baby photos, holy fucking shit there's so many baby photos now.","surprise"
"Love takes work and commitment. If it's not worth the work it isn't love. Learned that one from my blood family.","annoyance"
"#LET'S NOT BRING UP THAT PORTION OF THAT DAY.","neutral"
"Tbh bastion is still super op before it now I can just abuse him more","optimism"
"Yeah after I showed it to my friend a few minutes later I realized what he meant but I forgot to remove my post.","embarrassment"
"Have you talked to him about it and made it clear he understands where you are coming from?","curiosity"
"Yep. In Sixth grade a boy named [NAME] just stabbed me in the stomach with a pencil.","neutral"
"“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.","excitement"
"What's it matter?!?!","curiosity"
"I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.","fear"
"But you get the chance to learn something everyday :)","excitement"
"> PAYGO requires bills to be deficit neutral. Nope. 2.3 trillion over the first 10","neutral"
"[NAME] is good but he needs to never take a midrange shot again","approval"
"> 420 blaze it!! wasn't that the red sox payroll doe? they got their ring.....","disappointment"
"No, if the cat's going to escalate then he needs to as well. It's bath time. ","disapproval"
"Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.","anger"
"For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it. ","neutral"
"Wow, hearing him swear, thats gonna be something ","curiosity"
"That would look enormous if [NAME] ordered it!","surprise"
"Weird way to spell Voldo.","neutral"
"Date women! (Honestly tho, it's better.)","neutral"
"What an awful video. I just wanted to see the jump in real time, not 10 cuts of the start, followed by 1 slomo finish.","disgust"
"Tell me why I'm wrong instead of name calling. Grow up","neutral"
"Looks like she admires [NAME]. Its just drag.","admiration"
"There's no better way to make yourself miserable than by comparing yourself to others.","caring"
"who tf is the middle guy? [NAME] is supposed to have sunglasses and a clown car like in FE6","confusion"
"Sometimes, a shirt is just a shirt. Do you have any reason to believe otherwise?","neutral"
"thats not good","disapproval"
"No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling. ","neutral"
"Isn't that the "help me, I'm being hunned" distress signal?","neutral"
"So [NAME] is still on the block and hoping [NAME] can nominate someone else.","neutral"
"Sounds like my SIL with me/hubby. But she's a bitch and we never liked her anyways, so neither of us really care lol. ","annoyance"
"Paying respects?","surprise"
"At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)","approval"
"You know....the metric system isn't hard.","approval"
"Oof. Some bad D right there. [NAME] not much help","neutral"
"I take it you'll be consistent in this stance and never go to the doctor, because there's nothing you can do to stop it. ","annoyance"
"Sounds exactly the same as GC to me?...","curiosity"
"I know a lot of people around my rural area who did. These are people my age ~28 sharing this tigger the libs crap.","neutral"
"Truly. This is how family stays family. I admire this child so much.","admiration"
"LOL. Super cute!","admiration"
"> YOU DONT GET (ALL OF THE) MONEY IF YOU DONT SPECTATE UNTIL THE END OF GUN RUSH","neutral"
"Media City Building maybe? 1 Heerengracht St, Cape Town City Centre, Cape Town, 8000","neutral"
"This was ten years ago...but I have faith in people to be nice. Knoxville was amazing when I lived there.","joy"
"^^ a better idea","approval"
"I said nothing of the sort.","realization"
"As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact. ","disapproval"
"[NAME] then. He gave the watch to him when he left.","neutral"
"You can just say grownups use lubrica ... ^ohhh","neutral"
"You went from hot to hot, that’s crazy!","neutral"
"I too am a vaginal flap surrounded by useless flesh. Let us fly into the sunset and get raped.","neutral"
"I would love to know why you think it's awful advice!","curiosity"
"So in other words you don’t have one? So much for attempting to be on the same page.","nervousness"
"Miner rewards are being reduced from 3 to 2 ETH per block. Why would that indicate a sell off?","approval"
"I was just in shock when she answered the door for devoin.","surprise"
"Sure, let's kill a guy with a buck on his horse because that's how it was in the old west. Smh","approval"
""Sigh" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it "Upvotes angrily"","anger"
"I hope having family in high places will help me gain opportunities to liberate others.","optimism"
"Why would you do something so controversial and yet so brave?","confusion"
"Losing to get draft picks doesn’t work as well as you think. A lot more goes into winning than getting a top 5 pick","approval"
"It would be okay if they will turn them into some old non-obtainable premiums. I mean limited edition","approval"
"There’s still hope!","optimism"
"I guess learning French in school helped me for once","optimism"
"Heaven know why she would WANT to spend more time with him *see self out for catty-ness*","neutral"
"You're welcome","gratitude"
"Partywolf had 178 losses in a row? Are you seeious? I can't believe that","annoyance"
"Isn’t it against company policy to sell things in the store that have nothing to do with Starbucks","curiosity"
"The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.","admiration"
"Woooooo theres the boeser we know and love","love"
"Launching a jab is a hard commitment though, right? Because I doubt you can react fast enough to seeing them jab and launch them.","neutral"
"I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/","nervousness"
"It was so ballsy. I still shake my head, thinking about how....tactless it was. ","neutral"
"This is what we have for emergencies. It’s great and takes the 1 lbs canisters that are super cheap and easy to find.","admiration"
"It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.","neutral"
"Nah let's not be those people.","neutral"
"Roids are a lot more harmful than makeup.","realization"
"I'm pretty sure the IT guy was instructed to put the site down with not much more instructions.","admiration"
"Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.","joy"
"China shipping is also unreliable and most packages come ruined.","approval"
"Mate you're only 20, you'll laugh at how ridiculous what you said is when you're older. ","annoyance"
"ok, im sorry","caring"
"i am a little bit confused, who are these guys and why did you ask her if she is dead","confusion"
"Context doesn’t exactly make state murder of the “stupid poor” better.","disgust"
"Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)","neutral"
"I don’t CARE!","annoyance"
"It took me way too long to realize that was a claw and not just a smashy thing.","relief"
"He'd be a homewrecker if he slept with the guy. Calling out the married dude's behaviour isn't home wrecking.","approval"
"If he's mailing you cash, and you're waiting to ship the item until payment is received, i'm confused how this would be a scam.","confusion"
"The lips imo","neutral"
"It's so odd. He even sits in the co-pilot spot. Why isn't he now the pilot? [NAME] had never even flown into space before.","curiosity"
"100% scam","anger"
"Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show","approval"
"Gotta preach the truth!","neutral"
"I don't mind posts bashing NOED or DS. But I wish this one would make sense or would be funny.","disapproval"
"so blame porn not the conditions that pushed them to use it as to the point of an "addiction" got it. ","approval"
"Can you read? It says right there the tweeter’s husband got out to help the woman and ask if she was okay","surprise"
"I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries","disappointment"
"What a useless answer in this situation","disgust"
"i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~( ","sadness"
"That’s why I never break.","approval"
"Not to be confused with the toughest guy in the streets of Harlem.","neutral"
"They're a homophobe, just ignore them. Anyone who uses "homosexuals" can go right out","neutral"
"i will downvoted u into oblivion!!!!!!","embarrassment"
"Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!","excitement"
"And a place to live","neutral"
"Same here. The critical sign and the little chevron only shows up.","neutral"
"Welcome to the family! Don't let toxic fans, especially Twitter, get the best of you. Let's go canes!","gratitude"
"Realistically speaking, if they were on a VGBC channel, [NAME] would give them a nickname whenever they were on stream, and that would eventually catch on.","neutral"
"If that’s what I saw when I was on the brink it would make me do it.","realization"
"You're right, it's relatable. Hope everything's OK for you ","admiration"
"Well rock beats scissors","neutral"
"I learned it from [NAME]!","realization"
"Lmao Chicago coach is letting [NAME] die, their backup would probably fare worse to be fair though","neutral"
"How dare they soil the good name of sauerkraut with this most rancid picture of it 🤢","neutral"
"How dare you disparage a 3D printed JV riding a goddamn raptor","anger"
"Oh so we get to see [NAME] being a good kid. And then [NAME] tries to MURDER HIM. Makes sense.","confusion"
"It seems like that’s what a lot of people are expecting.","realization"
"Wish you did more. Sounds like she deserved worse.","neutral"
"Well I'm happy to know that r/babyelephantgifs exists... Goodbye depression!","desire"
"Wow i've sat like all of those","excitement"
"We don't deserve you. Thanks for the update. Happy it's being handled! :)","excitement"
"Project Exile worked pretty well, and it specifically targets criminals","admiration"
"Yep! Wanna come do karate in the garage?","neutral"
"I'm not talking about [RELIGION] anymore though...","disapproval"
"I usually find it is something like a balloon and wait for them to have saved more often lol.","neutral"
"hard to bound with half team who leave after every season","disapproval"
"Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.","nervousness"
"Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.","love"
"Is that Arcade club i spy? I love it there!","admiration"
"A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.","sadness"
"Here we go boys. Have a good game","joy"
"Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high. ","anger"
"What a beautiful sight that was to behold. Glad I was able to attend a couple of great [NAME] performances. “K” signs everyone","admiration"
"will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation ","gratitude"
"I don't see whats's the issue here Edit: spelling","neutral"
"Shit, I wish I had your skin and those blackheads. I’m 38 and still get acne and have scars!","disappointment"
"Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :) ","gratitude"
"I would love to know why you think it's awful advice!","confusion"
"I have my hatchet's wear out fast cutting trees, and I miss throwing the axe on my back for better inventory... thanks for responses!","gratitude"
"Huh that’s her?! She appears on this sub every 3 days and she looks *so different* every time!!","annoyance"
"You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.","sadness"
"Let's all go to Dragon Laaaaaand!","excitement"
"This guy probably just started watching football. These younger generations just aren't as educated as they used to be.","disappointment"
"Once they saw the purple hair dye go into the Amazon cart, they got real scared. ","neutral"
"To be fair he did apologize for that one after he learned what Pride was really about but I still wouldn’t recommend going near his Twitter anymore","disappointment"
"Season 5 is the best IMO.","admiration"
"And isolated rooms? When I had to go in with my baby with chickenpox they put us in a room where no one else was.","disappointment"
"Ah, I read it wrong. Jzk. ","sadness"
"It's so if people search for feminism his post will show up and he gets the attention he craves","neutral"
"... Oh dear gods, no...","fear"
"That extraterrestrial little grey creatures don’t exist? That’s definitely a fact but I’m very open to any evidence/proof of the contrary lmao.","confusion"
"Wait theres rats!!!??? Im calling health and safty!","fear"
"I can see how need would have that affect.","curiosity"
"Happy new year /r/newyorkmets. Everyone in this community makes this place feel seriously special. Let's go win a world series in 2019.","admiration"
"**Iowa’s best player is out** I would simply avoid this game as we haven’t seen Iowa play without [NAME]","neutral"
"Now this is some good fucking content","approval"
"But none would be surprised if it is morphe","neutral"
"Man you take your sims really seriously.","neutral"
"Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!","amusement"
"Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good","disapproval"
"Thank you, I hope so too!","gratitude"
"So [NAME] is really a fan of playing the bench vs the other team's starters at the end of halves. Really finding every tanking edge possible.","approval"
"This is the one picture that gives me mad inferiority complex.","neutral"
"Oh I'm talking about cranberry.","neutral"
"Stop spreading false hope!","anger"
"Dangerously close to paganophile, so be careful of your spelling for fear of extreme confusion...","caring"
"but [NAME] is","neutral"
"Who ever said [NAME] was the true pope.","neutral"
"No matter which way you slice it there is something very punny about the Hotel Lobby.","neutral"
"Good. You know which ones you want keep your kids away from","approval"
"[NAME] looks queasy already I like where this is going","neutral"
"I have literally been waiting for a “ [NAME]” I’m from Ontario Canada and love Texas.","desire"
"my fiancé enjoys all the aspie things I do and thinks they're cute. I don't understand why, but I appreciate it nonetheless.","love"
"Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected","surprise"
"Typical [NAME], i know because i am one","neutral"
"Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.","amusement"
"I don’t think that would be an issue with [NAME]. He doesn’t seem like work ethic is his problem","annoyance"
"We shouldn't be brigading other subreddits anyway.","disapproval"
"I love it. Enjoy your upvote.","joy"
"Thanks for the book recommendation!","gratitude"
"Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op","caring"
"These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.","joy"
"I'm surprised everyone seems to think there will be a season 2.","surprise"
"dude - just get the hell outta CA ! there's plenty of other states without the immigration problem rampant in frickin california...","realization"
"it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is","annoyance"
"My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.","approval"
"Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.","optimism"
"[NAME] is a fucking trooper","neutral"
"Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!","approval"
"I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.","neutral"
"That’s pretty awesome :)","admiration"
"bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸","love"
"yeahhh fellow new shift here too * high five *. Congrats!","gratitude"
"Therapy NOW! Who hurt you? First of all, i'm very sorry that happened to you but you are loved...","love"
"Had same problem and this fixed it.","approval"
"Protip- just smell your damn food. Use your senses!","anger"
"Dipo always be in our hearts. The one that got away","neutral"
"He used to be her boy but now it’s like it never happened like in Toy Story 2","neutral"
"No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.","disapproval"
"Never had a girl out right tell me she likes me and i have been in 3 somewhat long relantionships.","excitement"
"Honestly it makes me sad but [NAME] does need less time:/","sadness"
"[NAME] being the most manipulative person in the house was not something I expected","sadness"
""1-" in [NAME] on the tag of a plush toy is soul crushing.","realization"
"Kill me.","grief"
"books are good","admiration"
"Mugging is just how we show love around here. Respect our culture.","admiration"
"She shouldn’t have to fight a male.","neutral"
"That's so sweet, you have good friends. How old did you turn that birthday?","admiration"
">very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording","fear"
"I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.","embarrassment"
"this guy rebuttals.","neutral"
"They don’t. Conservatives want to characterize any scoopy news organization as unreliable because they can’t get ahead of them easily.","disapproval"
"Thanks! I'll check it out! :)","gratitude"
"Traded me away, the bastard. Kidding aside, it's the annual r/hockey trade deadline game.","annoyance"
"Haha I was just thinking that. You've become a very diverse club. The Hobart Darwin Tigers. Training facility in Wagga.","amusement"
"I just spit out my drink If I had money I would gold you I’m dead r/JesusChristReddit","neutral"
"starters gone cold , put in the bench and see what happens","neutral"
"Good Job","admiration"
"> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)","annoyance"
"From what the experts say his chances are like 0 so 🤷🏻‍♂️.","neutral"
"its like waze but for people in debt","approval"
"Hell, I'm saving your Reply. Enjoy being the first in my list!","joy"
"Such a *great* feeling","gratitude"
"For every legit billionaire there’s 2 that scammed their way there","approval"
"Are all the people in that thread praising SB2...SB2? They all talk in a similar manner. It's odd.","neutral"
"Tell me a couple","neutral"
"She called someone from RHONJ a r****d and then doubled down in a particularly petulant manner when someone called her out","neutral"
"I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women","anger"
"Unsub from both","neutral"
"I hope you enjoy endless mosquitoes as the climate warms.","desire"
"I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not "happy rich and all that people say this brings"","disappointment"
"At the same time, if the camera quality is so shitty you can be certain the mic is too.","neutral"
"You don't. Ever. It's robbery.","realization"
"It's the physical pain, mostly, I think. Maybe with cbd stuff getting big and easy to get now it'll taper down?","curiosity"
"Glad I could help. (Side tip: hit return twice to break out of the ">>")","gratitude"
"Marginal propensity to consume is what I have heard. Any consumption tax is going to hurt poor more than rich, it is basic economic 101.","neutral"
"Favorite color.","neutral"
"I love how it stops just before the impact","love"
"Is this the same person who pins their art to the streetposts by Taufer park? LOL I love it.","love"
"Hell yeah buddy things are looking up.","neutral"
"That might be [NAME] excuse to eliminate her. In a very [NAME] way","annoyance"
"Shithousery of the likes I've never quite witnessed. What a way to end the winter break.","realization"
"> It almost feels like this is totally a shameless, contentless promo post for your YouTube channel and this book.","embarrassment"
"Glad to see Hearts fans giving [NAME] such a warm welcome back..","admiration"
">[NAME] does need to stfu. Like hell, he does. ","neutral"
"Maybe if we didn't choke to inferior teams we could've made the playoffs and done something about it. But of course, we didn't so.","neutral"
"For a sec I thought I was on NoSleep. I'm glad no one got hurt.","joy"
"Write her a hand written letter and go back and deliver that to her damned door.","neutral"
"thank you!","gratitude"
"Also said he’s had a really good season lol","amusement"
"Wow another person in Dunedin uses Reddit","surprise"
">They split up 5 years later after an extremely messy situation with Dr [NAME]. Very very long story. I would like to hear this story","curiosity"
"The obsession with a plot.","neutral"
"I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!","relief"
"[NAME] was a pleasant surprise. It might be something you'll enjoy.","optimism"
"i love the crocheted romper look and i don't care if i'm wrong","love"
"I have never had so many heart attacks..","sadness"
"[NAME] "[NAME] couldn't wait for me to leave office on September 10th, 2001" [NAME]!","neutral"
"I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now","disappointment"
"80k/month? Damn. I need to become a Union Square store","curiosity"
"I feel the same at 5 feet 9. Feels bad","sadness"
"I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.","desire"
"Just in case you weren’t sure he’s an [NAME], he decided to obstruct 20% of his windshield to remind you. ","neutral"
"You haven’t missed anything. I looked out of curiosity and didn’t look twice. I was surprised that Colt would do that.","approval"
"Oh. I have anxiety for her and this conversation.","fear"
"A lot of software guys are. Source: in software","neutral"
"[NAME] I wish that was me.","desire"
"😻 that's a line if I ever saw one","optimism"
"No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé","disappointment"
"Glitter is awful for everything","disgust"
"Unless you have an established career and are a high earner then sorry but you _are_ the shared housing type.","remorse"
"Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again","disgust"
"Goat sighting!!","excitement"
"To match the Mets green st paddy’s jerseys","neutral"
"omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well","annoyance"
"Would be a real shame if someone volunteered to call [NAME] and ask [NAME] about dating a [NAME] who banged [NAME] and thirsts for Feits","neutral"
"I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.","annoyance"
"That’s no ordinary rabbit!","realization"
"Oh! Thank you!","gratitude"
"The god awful CGI is honestly entertainment enough!","admiration"
"Change the channel during the NFC Playoffs? Hey did you ever pay that ticket? No? Just wondering....","curiosity"
"How? She gonna round up some more tricks to do so cause I don't think she's worked a day in her life.","curiosity"
"That is not a side swipe. That's a full on t-bone. But I hope they all made it through somehow.","neutral"
"I cringed and flinched. That’s a bad day","fear"
"Want to relay that in a coherent message?","confusion"
"Very cool.","neutral"
"Shit like this is just depressing. Not surprising, but still depressing.","anger"
">I keep wondering when I'll "slow down". Hopefully never? Knowledge is worth pursuing for its own sake. Never stop being curious. ","curiosity"
"Just be supportive and listen. Maybe do something that would make her happy like a favorite chocolate","neutral"
"Wow! How does it know?","curiosity"
"What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.","annoyance"
"I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again","anger"
"Oh dear, you are entertaining. Please, talk more to me. ","sadness"
"EGG ROLLS. That's why your progress isn't good.","disapproval"
"I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?","admiration"
"I disagree with everything after "job." ","disapproval"
"Love the idea of these birds showing up during family gatherings and puking up trinkets","admiration"
"WIFE DEAD, KARMA ALIVE","neutral"
"I honestly can't tell if your being sarcastic or not with this comment.","confusion"
"How you ask? Simple answer, by voting.....or not hence the importance of voting","curiosity"
"please don’t make me have to bring up fire emblem in trader joe’s again i can never go back","disappointment"
"Exactly this for me. I straight don't care and it costs me nothing so...","disapproval"
"Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice ","remorse"
"Now it's cheering for the two to come back","joy"
"Lots of physical intimacy and sex almost every time we met. Never suspected that this would ever become a problem.","disappointment"
"looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/","annoyance"
">Dude, nobody reads. That is *really* not true. ","disapproval"
"I feel like that's what they both deserve, though. Thank you for the support <3","gratitude"
"My guess? Porn. PIED.","neutral"
"As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.","sadness"
"Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add "biting nails" and he could star in movies!","love"
"You have the bear mask?? :D it is glorious!","admiration"
"no. Queef is vaginal period. I call it mumbles, when the lips move but you can't understand what they are saying.","annoyance"
"“Okay [NAME] you’re doing great I love you. Later can I have some pets”","admiration"
"Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it! ","annoyance"
"Firstly, congrats on not being pregnant!! Now there is nothing tying you to him and you're free to find greener pastures. :)","gratitude"
"It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.","disappointment"
"So cringy and desperate","anger"
"Be Advised “stay away from alcohol” Focus on the kids Do not engage on a campaign for justice Get well soon bro.","caring"
"Same reaction I had last week when I learned that [NAME] was once engaged to [NAME].","neutral"
"*poorly It's an adverb. Happy New Year.","joy"
"I think this is my favourite story of the year so far.","neutral"
"1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one "socialists" fire departments arent socialist ","disapproval"
"Lmao, The first thing i did after reading is trying to do it.","neutral"
"With the rate we’re making some of these threes it’s just hard to imagine anyone keeping pace.","amusement"
"redemption island? I'm not judging if you like it just curious","curiosity"
"[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no","anger"
"I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring","anger"
"so blame porn not the conditions that pushed them to use it as to the point of an "addiction" got it. ","anger"
"I think she means he was her boyfriend for 5 months","neutral"
"Roll on 5pm till i sit in bumper to bumper traffic until about 7pm when i can finally roll into lisburn","neutral"
"JACKPOT!!!","excitement"
"Whatever you do, respect the kids' genders.","admiration"
"Considering that the picture OP jerked was fake and that the OP of the faked picture was rude as fuck to absolutely EVERYONE, that’s completely false. ","disapproval"
"There’s no evidence that 12-step programs work any better than no program, so you’re not missing anything if you quit. Good luck.","caring"
"What? I am aware it isn't permanent. The other legals aren't permanent either.","optimism"
"Wow, y'all are heroes! ","excitement"
"Yup. Soft serve turd special","approval"
"I just hate the "I don't know" people","annoyance"
"His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦","admiration"
"hm so overall was this video a + or a -? I'm trying to figure out whether or not to publish it lol","curiosity"
"Yes, you do live in a clown world, laugh it up, degenerate.","amusement"
"This is the most horrifying thing I've ever read on this thread. May you and your loved ones see this through safe and sound.","caring"
"My face imitated the Pikachu meme for a long time...","amusement"
"They wont touch a hero if they tweaked it in last 6-12 months. Like [NAME], they fucked/nerfed her and thats it.","anger"
"Happy Birthday [NAME]. You wont read this message but itll be here.","caring"
"Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.","disappointment"
"same, if you breath oxygen you only deserve to get shot and raped.","neutral"
"I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s","optimism"
"This. Nurses already have one of the hardest jobs on the planet. They shouldn't have to waste time on this.","disapproval"
"If you want [NAME] to become [NAME], yeah","approval"
"Beverly Hills. They did a whole season about UNDERWEAR. I can't imagine why anyone would pick Jersey in this current phase of [NAME] domination.","disapproval"
"It's time to trade our expiring deals and finally rebuild properly. Dont let me down Weltham!","caring"
"I must of not fully understood what you meant... damn tired redditing","confusion"
"I didn't realize there was ever an initial post on this subject.","neutral"
"Yeah, she told me about some creepy guy who came by asking about me and licking his lips.","neutral"
"I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible","disapproval"
"Eh, says who? Anyway, I like being by myself. I'm by myself right now.","curiosity"
"Anyone who fell for the Lonzo hype from the beginning should slap themselves.","anger"
"Nuh uh. She didn't go to Gudger College.","disapproval"
"Nokias can even connect to a fax machine? TIL","curiosity"
"lmao it was probably a good crowd for the people constantly asking where to get drugs on /r/sydney to mingle with","neutral"
"Thanks. I knew DH, but that one was confusing me.","confusion"
"I like how u/FThumb is pissed that this got linked like the bros don’t ever brigade other subs","admiration"
"Congrats on the mild success of your stolen story","anger"
"Wow, that's just incredibly racist.","annoyance"
"Thank god. The capitalists are the most virtuous among us.","admiration"
"wait they actually lost lmao. i stopped watching halfway cuz i thought SPY had it in the bag ^^^^andigotmywatchrewards","surprise"
"Sorry, but [NAME] is too POWERFUL, not to be his own character. But seriously i definitely now want this.","admiration"
"Internet virgin, clicked for the very first time.....","neutral"
"nsfw exists for a reason tard","approval"
"Rainy weather must have gotten them... no idea. But i've never seen a dead hummingbird and saw 2 within 5 feet of each other :(","confusion"
"Lol stfu really","amusement"
"Let it flow through you, become empowered by it. ","neutral"
"Or take it further: Try showering with just hot water. You might be surprised at how clean you get.","caring"
"I keep seeing you around and I love the art. I really want to get into drawing but I’m only good ad heads and faces.","love"
"We don’t like to talk about that","disapproval"
"Such a strange signing, hopefully he wont cause to many problems in the dressing room","approval"
"but the question is if they want to rapidly increase their volume. Maybe they're ok with current state of things.","neutral"
"Didn't even take a sip of the wine, and he still got wasted. ","neutral"
"*dun dun* no but seriously, go full no contact with this predator. ","neutral"
"Your patience to find the perfect moment is... Please just let me slow clap.","admiration"
"Starting?? BF4 is a lot of fun when you havent played in a while. Just faster and more immersive.","admiration"
"If you did, then it wouldn't be an assumption. I'm entirely unconvinced that you did.","approval"
"Congratulations, that joke has only been made 89,401,327 times on reddit before. ","gratitude"
"I can't even get close to beating that one though... same with the salmon fishing one.","nervousness"
"Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person","joy"
"That is profoundly messed up.","sadness"
"Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer u/justforyouthlogic","admiration"
"doesn't surprise me tbh","neutral"
"Saints Moderators are busy banning tonight!!","neutral"
"No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful","disapproval"
"gotta love some Detroit Sports","desire"
"Oh [NAME] that was horrible","fear"
"Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.","admiration"
"I can only download games using SteamCMD at work at the moment, so yeah, glad I could buy it before the shutdown","approval"
"> I can't see a teenage girl naming her only son the same name that her baby daddy's actual wife's trueborn son is. /r/brandnewsentence","disapproval"
"I doubt it, serial killers enjoy killing, the stuff they do afterwards is just the icing on the cake for them. ","confusion"
"I still maintain the packers were a worse team this year.","disappointment"
"Plus the [NAME] force the name Jehovah into the new testament disregarding true greek rendering and claim they are doing a service by remaining *true*","neutral"
"Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..","caring"
"not what his post history says","neutral"
"Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.","desire"
"I feel personally attacked.","sadness"
"[NAME] is super happy. Nice.","admiration"
".... That literally made my stomach clench. I can't believe they are charged for the samples... Just eww.","disgust"
"Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.","disappointment"
"DAE hate unnecessarily salty people like OP?","curiosity"
"I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.","excitement"
"Our local ESPN radio will play commercials for games that happened the previous week all the time. So amateur.","annoyance"
"A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional","neutral"
"I'd like to think [NAME] is joking, r-right guys? ","amusement"
"Lol the fact that actual fans can't afford tickets is why there are let's go heat chants at this game","anger"
"tf, didnt know that thx","realization"
"Really? Some of my posts/comments have been visited by bots How do I kill them?","confusion"
"No, I have been avoiding doing anything until it's actually fixed because I don't want to give them any reason to drag their feet.","disapproval"
"I don't think [NAME] is on the cast list for Episode IX, so I doubt Phasma will be coming back again.","confusion"
"Oh no! We better stop now...before someone's feelings get hurt!","neutral"
"Yes, when I need to get my jush, it’s freaking epic.","approval"
"this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones","confusion"
"You monster, I hate it. Well played.","admiration"
"This hurts my brain","neutral"
"Cheers, [NAME]!","joy"
"it's also impolite to talk on the train","neutral"
"Haha colluded? Do you and your friends collude to take pictures together? Such buzzwords you are using lol","amusement"
"hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga","optimism"
"Anecdotally, I have severe hypothyroidism and it hasn't significantly affected my weight loss. The key for me was tackling the synthroid dose first.","neutral"
"Yes of mine worry, no one liked mine either. ","disappointment"
"And I will laugh at everyone wasting their first round pick on him.","amusement"
"Those cards are so cool","admiration"
"He is and will be irrelevant. No worries.","caring"
"I hope this doesn't means we won't get to see [NAME] as playable god.","desire"
"Just saw your edit. What the crap. Guy was obviously creepy.","annoyance"
"Pretty sure he's by far and away the biggest asshat on this sub lmao","neutral"
"[NAME] I almost couldn't finish reading this because it is me to a T.","nervousness"
"i just hope both teams are having fun :)","desire"
"Let me guess, are you [NAME]?","confusion"
"A TECHNICAL Lmao.","amusement"
"Hasn't he also lied about his height previously?","curiosity"
"Mine is entirely too interested in any and all candle-related mitzvot. She basks in the Shabbat candlelight and was absolutely spellbound by her first Hannukah.","neutral"
"This entertained me far more than it should have. If I had gold to give...","amusement"
"Nah they did a good job. It appears you’re very mentally unwell, I hope you get better.","approval"
"Its kinda odd,how theres always kinda a war between "Party music" and "Feelings Music"","confusion"
"Careful, he's a hero","caring"
"What if the meal didn’t consent to being cannibalised?","curiosity"
"Officially worse than Telkom. Well done vuma","disapproval"
"Well that explains why [NAME] was able to win","neutral"
"[NAME] said Monday was Columbus Day and those two bought it. Unbelievable.","excitement"
"Is L.A. Noire any good? I've been thinking about buying it lately.","neutral"
"Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!","gratitude"
"Don't worry, he won't be for long","caring"
"Everyone thinks that lol","amusement"
"Wipe them out, all of them!","neutral"
"It would be good if the producers can find a carrot to dangle that can get these idiots to spill on each other.","curiosity"
"a fair number of tolders I imagine. But yea I assume you and [NAME] are right","confusion"
"I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔","sadness"
"Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different. ","disgust"
"Maybe he's just pretending to be.","neutral"
"Wow I didn't know it changed your face so it doesn't break rule 1 and 2? /s","realization"
"You're welcome! :)","excitement"
"You’re right :(","disappointment"
"Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!","surprise"
"that's awesome-sometimes getting in the shower seems like an impossible undertaking but you did it","admiration"
"Who the fuck is that?","neutral"
"She is only good if a team has good communication. (And this is a ~600hr sombra main saying this.)","neutral"
"There is also no dog in the white house. Why? Because dogs can smell an asshole a mile away.","optimism"
"Ehhh, it's an opinion, it's not wrong or right, just highly unpopular and ill-informed.","neutral"
"Heroin definetley isn't safer than Ritalin. The whole reason people prefer prescription drugs are because they are cleaner, thus safer","neutral"
"Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.","love"
"I'm not assuming anything, I've stated products that I know we produce in sufficient quantities.","annoyance"
"I'm here with a devil axe and 34 Krit chance. And my killer axe just broke.","disappointment"
"I get hard in the morning from just standing up and my body not knowing where to put the blood. But any other time of day its always sexual","confusion"
"That... sounds like gibberish. I expose myself to it in that it's my life. The rest of that sentence makes very little sense.","neutral"
"No no she was "[NAME]"","disapproval"
"Thought this was r/monkeyspaw for a sec. Mind if I grant your wish anyway?","neutral"
"It's in the news. I think I read it in SFgate or maybe mercury news.","neutral"
""Fluoride is mine control!" "Why?" "Uhhh.."","neutral"
"Looks so surreal that i don't even feel anything looking at this.","approval"
"You must be fun at parties.","admiration"
"I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.","optimism"
"Yeah, at this point I just keep of off anything remotely related to what Im playing/reading, its just too easy with the internet these days too be spoiled","disappointment"
"Sorry, i actually lied, they thought it was ","neutral"
"So because you are abnormal in you saving and spending habits you are unilaterally deciding no one else should strike when not getting paid.","neutral"
"One can only hope","neutral"
"As a former feral child, you can begin worrying at about 14-19. If they're going good by then, they'll probably be fine.","gratitude"
"You forgot to mention the time he got sucked into Jumanji while his parents were at a banquet.","fear"
"its becoming increasingly concerning that you refer to yourself in the plural.","caring"
"In case anyone missed this masterpiece of cinema","neutral"
"[NAME] what a dork you are to think the above comment means I am daft to the behavior endured by women for way too long.","neutral"
"Still waiting!","neutral"
"Hah. Thanks!","gratitude"
"As soon as he was about to jump I audibly let out a “dude, just don’t..”","caring"
"What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.","remorse"
"At least the ice didnt break","relief"
"Procter & Gamble is the parent company. Keep that in mind when you're picking your stocks.","neutral"
"Oh, man. The whole story telling methodology was well done, and well paced.","admiration"
"I'll have to think about that one but maybe if you're down😂","approval"
"Yeah, she told me about some creepy guy who came by asking about me and licking his lips.","annoyance"
"[NAME] man, none of them. model yourself after the best version of yourself","admiration"
"when has one of those systems succeeded?","neutral"
"This is a new level of entitlement. THE BATHROOM IS OUT OF ORDER! What makes you so entitled to use an OUT OF ORDER bathroom!","annoyance"
"bad acts at a reasonable price","annoyance"
"Ah, victory ","realization"
"Missed the beginning of the game, cheers or boos for [NAME]? I'm assuming cheers, but you never know in MTL","curiosity"
"imagine his wife dumping him after that, it would be a BIG L","realization"
"This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.","annoyance"
"Im also a young adult, >18 <25 if that helps","neutral"
"If someone asked me, “what truly stood out to you as a memory from this year,” my mind would be completely blank.","confusion"
"Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date","neutral"
"Play the lottery my dude, you just got lucky.","optimism"
"Ayyy 6 days !","neutral"
"Well don’t complain here about another media outlet lol","disapproval"
"Tight competition down there. Tanking for the bottom worse is tougher than getting home court advantage.","disappointment"
"That's not cute","disapproval"
"Nice! Boahs for everyone!","admiration"
"> It's not like Bonds use was worse or anything list would beg to differ.","neutral"
"My reaction was a dejected "ahhhh damn....."","sadness"
"No, they don't. Make room for some different fighting styles.","neutral"
"I subbed to 2meirl4meirl back in 2016. It failed to pique my interest. Now every post feels like my life.","disapproval"
"I don’t understand how college tuition has gone up 8 billion percent but Taco Bell still has a dollar menu...","annoyance"
"More comments than upvotes lol "Most Democratic" How do you even measure that? ","amusement"
"I’m dying! Perfect!","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] did alright together. They were both disappointed with the outcome (initially at least) but Under Pressure was a huge hit.","neutral"
"I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now","desire"
"lol. good one dude. you really showed me. great argument. really showing off your intellectual prowess. keep up the good work!","admiration"
"I am but me and my SO live separate lives.","anger"
"Lore wise, this makes sense and I hate/love it with the same energy ","anger"
">player consistently plays like shit "Durr hurr here come da hate train"","neutral"
"Fantastic read, thanks for the insights! ","admiration"
"2nd Intermission question: whose football team is in the playoffs Rn? How about them Seattle Seahawks!!","caring"
"Thank you for making this guide.","gratitude"
"Become friends with people who work night shift. We are always up at crazy hours and need a distraction from our work.","joy"
"Modernity bullies [NAME] lmao he cries.","neutral"
"We’ve bombed plenty of innocent people. How is it any different?","curiosity"
"Why the hell do we sit trae in crunch time we probably won't win. Give him the XP. Very frustrating.","annoyance"
"Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.","annoyance"
"Ah, I remember the first time I got scope bite, we all had a good laugh and I got glass in my eye","amusement"
"Look at that thing...could tear you to shreds","caring"
"Takedown's not a terrible pick on Nuxia though, so that's something.","neutral"
"Think you're forgetting about the shooting of [NAME]. 6 dead, including a federal judge. ","neutral"
"Scotch tape for a leak. You might have better chances just asking it really nicely to stop.","caring"
"IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair. ","neutral"
"Damn, u right. ","neutral"
"im aware. im trying to figure out how the heck you found it in what i said. even after given context to the situation.","optimism"
"hey of course, I’m glad I could shine some light. Stay strong mate ","excitement"
"Because we’re fucking geniuses.","anger"
"Heavens to [NAME], guys, thank you so much for the gold! That was super-unexpected, but what a delightful thing to wake up to! :-D","joy"
"You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.","approval"
"MTV is so dramatic lol “beautiful love story”","amusement"
"Tell him he needs to go to rehab or he’ll be kicked out.","neutral"
"This isn't bigoted at all. Pointing out flaws is actually a good thing. Good job","admiration"
"Maybe some people are just lucky to have an amazing connection to [NAME]","admiration"
"I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.","disapproval"
"I lost it at the 5th panel.","disappointment"
"Rollin the green for 48 hours, weed will make you feel like you got awesome powers, like flight.","amusement"
"I'll try. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Will the RNG fuck me as with XCOM?","optimism"
"Happy cake day","excitement"
"ah, i see. yeah it’s true that the title does seem pretty flippant, though maybe the article itself is better?","approval"
"Oh you just love to see that","love"
">Doctor: So do you cancel a lot of plans you make with friends >Me: uh technically no","confusion"
"Yes! I binged it (I was a late adopter) and then all of a sudden nothing!","approval"
"Struck a nerve I see. Press X to doubt","approval"
"Hypothetically if [NAME] makes a run with foles and decides to trade wentz, I’d give up [NAME] in a heartbeat","disappointment"
"I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.","desire"
"This describes his tweets so perfectly lol >At no point during your incoherent rambling did you even come close to what could be considered a rational thought","amusement"
"This did not age well lol","amusement"
"Why?..... just.. why?","confusion"
"The lying little slag. If you're squatting properly, turning your neck shouldn't be comfortable enough to consider","sadness"
"Imagine being upset by this","optimism"
"Everyone who takes drugs will die.","grief"
"Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!","admiration"
"The real power move is to write "Have a nice day" even if you lose.","optimism"
"Even in Star Trek they have $, they just dont really talk about it. The point is basic needs are so trivial","neutral"
"I really want to know what restaurant this is. I'm picturing Fino for some reason.","neutral"
"Awesome i already havr an will definitly not be doing it in the future thanks for the advice.","approval"
"Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.","admiration"
"Thanks for the response.","gratitude"
"Interesting metaphor/premise for sure but they just didn’t know how to put it into a compelling story IMO","optimism"
"Fuck I needed this. I found out that after next Friday I'm going to be jobless...","neutral"
"Oh shit right. I forgot about that wonderfully horrible fact haha.","annoyance"
"I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.","fear"
"She is using you for money. You already lost her","neutral"
"thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.","anger"
"Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.","remorse"
"Yeah that helps. Thanks :)","gratitude"
"“Perhaps we could share a tray of twinkies together? You’d love that, *wouldn’t you*?”","curiosity"
"Even after reading all your posts, I still don't understand... 😑","confusion"
"So 10 bucks says shes just gonna leave him after this anyway","neutral"
"Didn’t you guys have a bowl game?","curiosity"
"This pretty boy didn't meet [NAME] ! That's why he's still full of life !","approval"
"Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the "wrong" kinds of men","disapproval"
"I do that anytime I see something pointy. I'm just like, "I wonder how it would feel to stab my eye with that.","approval"
"[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for","approval"
"Ah i wish i would’ve come across one! Just left though Unfortunately :( in Manchester now","sadness"
"Welcome home, sister (assuming from your username)! May [NAME] love always burn in your heart!","caring"
"yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism","curiosity"
"We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.","annoyance"
"At least my suffering is over.","relief"
"This has to be a joke. Your written word is atrocious.","disapproval"
"she disrespected [NAME], i dont like her","disgust"
"Then she tries to just blow it out. Yup, that should work.","neutral"
"Not with that attitude we won't. There are some developments that may change your attitude in the very near future.","optimism"
"The FBI wants you to stop asking questions 🛑 ✋","annoyance"
"Bruh I’d just go home, climate change is important but really though. ","neutral"
"Still no [NAME] on before him.. we're supposed to be proving how important he is to us","neutral"
"My wife's birthday today, we are going for dinner with my lovely girlfriend later, after meeting at ours for coffee and cake. Very happy","joy"
"I don't think playing with her hair would work. Thats just creepy.","disgust"
"Hello, Could you try exiting the game and restarting? Please let us know if you're still getting the pop-up afterward. Thanks!","gratitude"
"How many wins do you got like 200 lol","amusement"
"i love you.","love"
"Good luck bro! I am with you on this journey. Currently on day 7. I had trouble sleeping yesterday night due to the urges.","caring"
"Jokes on you I have one of those fancy electric toothbrush stands!","amusement"
"Haha WEHO, for West Hollywood, not Wehoe for We hoes","neutral"
"yeah i am using the regular blue black deck. But is it really that bad.","disappointment"
"How about dumb trolls like you who only repeat your own stupid narratives and word-bending 24 hours a day","anger"
"Poo????","neutral"
"Nah it was just super black friday that day","disapproval"
"I know this was coming, so I phrased it as "**my** past relationships" not as my **EX.** Anyhow, thanks Bro","gratitude"
"How to pretend to be the woman who had her face ripped off by Travis the chimp","confusion"
"That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha","joy"
"Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.","amusement"
"I’m genuinely curious as to how much Netflix is paying people to make memes about Bird Box.","curiosity"
"I'm from the UK, I thought you must have been joking. Queen were the height of cool at several points in their career.","neutral"
"That’s the p-value, not the effect size. 0.4 is a long way from being a significant result.","neutral"
"READ THE FAQ","neutral"
"I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad","optimism"
"She's been fired and shamed out of existence. Good riddance.","annoyance"
"dOn't eVeN ThInK AbOuT It.","disapproval"
"I told you, he’s not a menace!","fear"
"Its just a prank bro.","amusement"
"Is that good or bad?","curiosity"
"The best champagne","admiration"
"and she finished that leg of the race without getting eliminated! It was kinda impressive.","admiration"
"Not really sure we could get salary's to match up","neutral"
"[NAME] bless you","caring"
"We should build a pipeline! Oh wait...","neutral"
"Well that’s horrific","fear"
"Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.","neutral"
"Technically, that time passed a very long time ago. She might not have much of an option anymore. ","caring"
"You could say he's a genocide denial denier now.","neutral"
"Dude yeah. Worst part, guy comes in the morning. So already our daypart goes up to like 2 minutes because of that guy ","caring"
"Just remember I love you","love"
"Yeah my kid bought it too at a book fair. $40!!! But it's a pretty damn clever book.","admiration"
"You are such a good boyfriend, keep it up!! I’m jealous :)","admiration"
"Brother, I am in tears, [NAME], I wish I had been there. ","desire"
"I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!","approval"
"Thank you. We're as messed up and fallible as any other set of parents, but we're trying to learn from our mistakes.","annoyance"
"I mean there's a pretty big community of people that idolize school shooters and rapists so you never know on the internet.","anger"
"Ignorance is strength.","neutral"
"You just defended him with a bunch of doublespeak bullshit so I’m gonna have to disagree. You’re a fucking idiot.","anger"
"Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.","neutral"
"The super bowl isnt played in march my man","disapproval"
"u/1R0NYMAN is that you?","confusion"
"Culture war is a two-player game. This would only mean a different tribe would have believed the claims and a different tribe would have disbelieved them.","neutral"
"Could also mean that mutated versions of these plants could make excellent super weeds that destroy our infrastructure. Tree roots and weeds are already a huge problem.","neutral"
"What the heck?!","anger"
"Oh we're doing this again huh","annoyance"
"stay safe man","caring"
"I did not know that. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Okay rude. Leave [NAME] alone and where he is please. I’ve been rooting for this kid since his first match.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.","neutral"
"A classic. I have these.","approval"
"I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...","excitement"
"Third here. Oh, ok. Wow.","realization"
"Um hi.","neutral"
"Weed has never killed anyone. Until now.","confusion"
"The amount of times this happened during the first tides of war event, smh.","annoyance"
"Haven't heard that it has to be under the stars (ie at nighttime) specifically. And that one happens to be only a few centuries old.","neutral"
"[NAME] said that it was recorded the monday after [NAME], that's why his voice is like that.","neutral"
"Okay, diet is important that's true. Do you take any medication? Do you have a psychiatrist or doctor who you see for your mental health?","approval"
"What's the source? I love this.","curiosity"
"That's numberwang!","neutral"
"I’m so homesick and I come here for photos like this.","realization"
"Which one is your favorite?","curiosity"
"Brew bus in the Tampa area?","curiosity"
"Us arguing here won’t change a thing in the government","realization"
"Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.","approval"
"Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.","approval"
"Wouldnt believe that much, surely rather stay and win the league first, cant blame him tbh","surprise"
"I miss [NAME]","grief"
"But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.","joy"
"I'm really appreciate someone saying this.","admiration"
"Different pipes go to different places! You're gonna mix them up!","nervousness"
"As long as I can see my abs in the morning without trying too hard. Once I lose them, it's time to cut","realization"
"It would take something extraordinary for me to turn down a 20% raise.","realization"
"I love Caribbean food! I'm adding this one to my list.","love"
"What was the original post? If it was as awful as this one my comment would still apply!","confusion"
"Your driving makes me sick [NAME]","annoyance"
"To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.","neutral"
"I’m a fan of them in the wild, weasels are interesting. Not as pets, nope. ","curiosity"
"I’m offended that your offended","annoyance"
"As far as anal- go slow and there is never too much lube!","neutral"
"I report these every time they appear on the buy/swap/sell groups.","neutral"
"yea ok dude","approval"
"Thanks, [NAME]","gratitude"
"Well he was horrible the first few months. Now he's playing better. Not sure what you are trying to accomplish with this post","admiration"
"Oh shit why didn't I think of that?","neutral"
"excuse me what the *fuck* was that","neutral"
"if it's a ghost pepper milk just tickles it. but yeah milk is better then water either way.","neutral"
"Man people say baseball is dragged out but football is realllyyyy dragged out","neutral"
"Me too.. which left me conflicted about how to feel.","approval"
"would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez","annoyance"
"“You bring home gifts in bag.”","approval"
"I'm sorry but as someone who travels alone I would be pissed if I was told I can't drink at the bar by myself.","remorse"
"UNLIMITED POWER!","neutral"
"I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those","love"
"Oh my [NAME] me too 😂","surprise"
"Millennial here. Have a few motorcycles, none of them Harleys. I do not like overpriced, unreliable and bad performing vehicles. ","annoyance"
"Shades of Akira / Ghost in the Shell!","neutral"
"I wish they’d get [NAME] but only down side is his defense and being a skinny boi","desire"
"I was right next to that score, bad times so it was.","neutral"
"Damn, I'd better avoid you then. I don't wanna die.","disapproval"
"I think I need to convince my boss to open a Beijing office! Why does using the accent feel fake here?","annoyance"
"Hey, you sound like you're living my exact life. It's a good life. Enjoy sharing the love. ","admiration"
"Oh, give me a break, it was worded like an insult, clear as a day. A mild one, but still.","annoyance"
"mayhaps (I do not know what you mean)","confusion"
"[NAME] unborn grandchildren disliked that.","disapproval"
"The way that was worded I can't tell if your super calm or about to flip a chair","approval"
"No man. Door wins!","disapproval"
"Happy cake day!!!!!!!!!🍰🍰","excitement"
"Splash your face with cold water. Refresh.","caring"
"I guess there's this, but that's all I can think of.","neutral"
"Interesting how the before photos are clearly yellow-tinted, as can be seen by the difference in the skin complexion ","admiration"
"I don’t understand how her parents were able to take kid when she claims they are horrible alcoholics","confusion"
"Love seeing the guys have fun.","love"
"There’s nothing more oppressive than having all the power in the world and then having a minority group point it out to you","embarrassment"
"From my point of view the freefolk are evil","anger"
"Imagine spending the day having to hear excuses from people slowly killing themselves. He's too kind.","admiration"
"*alligator point, thank you","gratitude"
"It was a commercial. Do a lot of conservatives have this problem?","neutral"
"dae [NAME] IS MOMMY FUCK MY ASS WITH A BACKHOE MOTHER YES GAWD *tongue pop* WHAT A TALENTED ACTRESS BUT ALSO PARENTAL FIGURE","admiration"
"It's nice that we've started giving our backups some time; this gives them trade value when they demonstrate that they can play ball.","neutral"
"It’s a problem because that box of apparent bone fragments could literally have been found anywhere.","realization"
"I love democracy","admiration"
"I love this and him. What a good dude.","love"
"that was absolutely beautiful","admiration"
"I want the man who makes me pizza from scratch and then lovingly hand feeds it to me. Completely realistic expectation.","desire"
"One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.","love"
"oof I hope he didn't break his arms landing like that","caring"
"I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals. ","curiosity"
"That’s a rad gift.... I cried when he came back from cancer. He was my hero","admiration"
"That guy was a true [NAME].","neutral"
"And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!","anger"
"Weird game lol","embarrassment"
"I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.","admiration"
"[NAME] didn’t just fight dogs, he, personally, tortured them too. He isn’t a dog fighter, he is a sociopath.","annoyance"
"Pay you for what, just standing there? Done.","neutral"
"There's also Miami (India) and Liberia (USA).","neutral"
"Sad ni🎈🎈a hours","sadness"
">!I always assume that Motoyasu's team changes once every week or something.!<","desire"
"You are tough as nails and think fast on your feet. I feel I would be trapped easily in this scenario","neutral"
"he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.","neutral"
"Yes, we do. One with very misguided priorities","neutral"
"When someone swipes over too far when you’re showing them pictures on your phone","neutral"
"Scotland the brave. Highland cathedral. My love is like a red red rose. Flower of Scotland.","neutral"
"We did it, finally?! Idk weird timing.","approval"
"Thanks! Edit: hold up a sec. Cowboys?","curiosity"
"Happy New Year to you too!","admiration"
"SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.","approval"
"Yeah, people my age make me more anxious than older people. I feel like my generation is more judgmental.","disapproval"
"This is the same federal government that's been shut down for the last month?","neutral"
"What’s also interesting is that the artist placed the sun right where the building’s exterior light is located, so the sun really shines.","gratitude"
"Despite the certainty of some, we do not know. But we do know [NAME] is loving and merciful, and we hope for the salvation of all.","love"
"Er - I have to leave quickly, because things might stay the same!","approval"
"Just grip it and rip it!","neutral"
"Hey it's really green here right now thanks to the last few rainy months!","gratitude"
"I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.","sadness"
"Ah I didn't realize I was able to do that. I'm still new to Reddit so I am still learning haha thanks!","gratitude"
"The temperatures in Oymyakon must have slowed down that GIF","neutral"
"I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke","amusement"
"Good luck!","optimism"
"I am not a competent till member, I am an ignorant member of the public. ","disapproval"
"That escalated quickly.","neutral"
"And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!","disapproval"
"Go see a therapist! Your hospital has them. Post traumatic events sometimes need therapy and that’s ok!","approval"
"That's Great to Hear.","optimism"
"Thanks alot [NAME] i will try to use these tips","approval"
"She tried playing the “I know a secret” game during the hearing. It blew up in her","approval"
"Who cares, most people will be on their phone anyways.","neutral"
"Reminds me of the blueberry girl from [NAME]","neutral"
"So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.","embarrassment"
"Maybe I have the mind of a child but I found that entertaining like I’d upvote it if I just saw it","neutral"
"So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭","sadness"
"Please explain “Hoover/ed”. Not familiar with the term. Thank you-","curiosity"
"Nah they did a good job. It appears you’re very mentally unwell, I hope you get better.","admiration"
"Happy birthday and I'm really glad I won't be feeling like you when you wake up tomorrow","excitement"
"That was fun","amusement"
"I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.","disappointment"
"Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!","fear"
"So you abandoned your Russian heritage for... what, exactly? The things you are describing are the result of the west screwing Russia over.","curiosity"
"Read it again. He "really likes" her. He never claimed to love her.","love"
"Here in America too. Those counter protesting fascist get thrown in jail and pepper sprayed like animals. It makes no sense that this happens.","annoyance"
"The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].","amusement"
"Not related to any of this but I love your tag next to your username xD","love"
"I think he's a lustful, gluttonous, greedy, lazy, wrathful, envious, and prideful man. ","anger"
"It pretty obvious why they were filming Can someone link me to a video on here where someone didn't say this?","neutral"
"Last 30 seconds where [NAME] and [NAME] were silent to listen to the crowd gave me chills. Such a fun game and team! Aho is my dad","admiration"
"Thanks for this 😂","neutral"
"Please come and visit again soon! Have a safe flight!","caring"
"I'm not sure honestly. I think there's a fanmade audiobook but I've heard it's pretty bad. Sorry.","confusion"
"It's interesting that [NAME] said [NAME] was his teacher on playing doomfist. Actually in mid 2017 [NAME] was one of, if not the best doomfist in China","neutral"
"Lol... that is awesome.","amusement"
"This was literally me!","neutral"
"[NAME] 10 year challenge is looking good!","admiration"
"I’ve missed my sweet prince","joy"
"minorities can't be racist","disapproval"
"Good luck to you all. You don't owe your dad anything, don't let anyone guilt you into seeing him.","gratitude"
"I would say more people who have no fucking clue what they are talking about. The hilarity of "he was trying to advance position".","neutral"
"But it's soooo obvious.","embarrassment"
"Sorry for your loss; this story is heartwarming.","caring"
"If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.","neutral"
"I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals. ","admiration"
"Omg this made me hurt! You better of gotten a damn good back rub after that.","sadness"
"212/62 actually, lol. Good to know it's a metro-wide issue!","admiration"
"Did anyone else think he was using a bad filter from Snapchat at first?","confusion"
"It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark ","disapproval"
"But actually, they are all beta","neutral"
"I still love figment!","love"
"[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb","neutral"
"I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.","neutral"
"I have never either, boyfriend does repeatedly. Saying that I each much more fruit and veggies whereas he basically just eats meat and pizza","neutral"
"Wow! There's no reason for this comment!","surprise"
"Well Reddit frequently forgets that [NAME] was jousting with [NAME] for biggest hawk in DC.","neutral"
"DonutLicious in Spring is the most gourmet one I’ve ever been to.","neutral"
"The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad","disappointment"
"Erin's is so precious","admiration"
"It's ok he was back running in training this weekend, he should be grand for the England game","neutral"
"What? That's exactly what I got from it. Obviously red-haired people are just defective and need to be cured/corrected. /sssssssssssssssssssssssssssss","surprise"
"If we leave the turtle alone with too many barnacles it can suffocate and die.","caring"
"yeah my face goes numb in 20 degrees and lower windchill, I can't even imagine how I would feel in that!","approval"
"That is the squeal of a kid who gets whatever he wants.","neutral"
"Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.","admiration"
"I mean I guess your prostate is healthy right?","curiosity"
"Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude","disapproval"
"Well I WISH SOMEONE WOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT","desire"
"We are becoming increasingly aware that there is a significant portion of western populations which simply refuse to believe facts as delivered to them by educated professionals.","neutral"
"Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.","amusement"
"[NAME] and [NAME] Funny thing is they both had a feud too and were in the ring at same time a lot","caring"
"What about fees? Much of the hit for a payday loan isn't interest, technically, it's fees. ","curiosity"
"No one is stopping you. I will laugh at you, but go ahead. ","neutral"
"But huge in the market 👍","approval"
"To bad trophy wife doesn't have 4th place.","annoyance"
"It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.","annoyance"
"DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!","annoyance"
"This really tickled my anxiety. I hate it","annoyance"
"you dont have to believe me","disapproval"
"The post in this screenshot and your comment shows how fragile you guys really are.","annoyance"
"Note to self - Stay out of the water.","caring"
"Yeah I’m working with my therapist to help me identify certain behaviors early and pay attention to the red flags.","approval"
"The fact that they didn't double up on gronk on any key plays tells me they weren't playing against NE strength.","neutral"
"I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.","anger"
"The hardest part is trying to figure out what anyone is talking about with all these F degrees.","neutral"
"What an ugly shade [NAME] used to dye his hair. Well, I guess it matches the infamous shirt.","disapproval"
"Is there proof this happened or is it just her accusation? I'm asking because we already know she's a liar.","approval"
"They’re both in Austin..I don’t see [NAME] being someone to hang out with [NAME] more than the other way around.","neutral"
"I’d lick the juice off Master’s face any day, n-no matter how sour... ","neutral"
"Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax ","disapproval"
"You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?","approval"
"It's interesting that you don't address anything but just come to troll","curiosity"
"One time, she punched me in the face. It was AWESOME.","amusement"
"We are living in a time of lukewarm faith where many will fall away and become deceived.","annoyance"
"How would you get off? HOW WOULD YOU GET OFF?!?!","confusion"
"You're telling me you don't get excited when you see a big hit or players drop the gloves?","surprise"
"Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.","disappointment"
"We'll see. It's too early to tell, if he's ready, he'll be with the team, they are losing [NAME].","neutral"
"Best email ever","admiration"
"I.. love arby's..","love"
"Well I’m hyped.","annoyance"
"Oh no! Poor dude!","caring"
"Saw bad guy, arrested same.","neutral"
"i think that is called masochism","neutral"
"She's as beautiful and as happy as ever","admiration"
"No. Not the I. :(","disapproval"
"Nope, works just fine. Was just there.","neutral"
"This team was nowhere near legendary, filled with legends sure, but incredibly disappointing.","anger"
"What's the difference between "Stop Zionist Gentrifiers" and "[RELIGION] Will Not Replace Us"?","neutral"
"Oof. This physically hurt me to watch.","sadness"
"Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!","annoyance"
"Wow they are on the cusp here. Definitely not fellowkids because I would totally believe an actual fellow kid said this","surprise"
"They can’t ask for much, hes on his last year, it’s similar to us and [NAME]","neutral"
"I kinda thought that's what you had meant. I'm a simple man.","optimism"
"The unfortunate thing is that, right now, that **is** how it works in politics, it’s just been made extremely obvious the last few years. ","anger"
"That's why I specified 'current attack.' I know it's gone on for ages.","neutral"
"The only clown that make me laugh.","neutral"
"Also in response to /u/hyunL. There was. Among other things such as vocally wanting rape to be legalized, "breeding" farms, among other things. ","neutral"
"That has gotten me killed a few times lately.","nervousness"
"*LGBTs for [NAME]!*","neutral"
"Yes, it can. But I don't think anyone interprets it that way here.","neutral"
"We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.","love"
"Unrelated but happy cake day!!","joy"
"We do what we must","neutral"
"Surprises me how a dude that let his keyboard get to this point even cares enough to clip his nails in the first place.","surprise"
"Rules say no identifying information","disapproval"
"Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase","approval"
"Whataburger misses you","love"
"This is the most beautiful story I've ever heard.","admiration"
"What the heck did I just watch","disappointment"
"They're dont that on purpose. A few years ago they decided to show you what they want and not what is actually important.","approval"
"You need to tell her, and make sure she knows it’s not your kid. You went through with a dna test right?","curiosity"
"Damn this is experience talking.","disappointment"
"Yes. Get used to it, it's not going away soon.","neutral"
"Better order some of that VIRILITY DRANK","neutral"
"Maybe trust biology and basic science instead of some dumbass who is just writing about gender cuz its 2018 and people are morons","annoyance"
"My body is ready for our Tank Commanders return!","neutral"
"Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(","sadness"
"Not to worry. He'll gets his bats.","optimism"
"...it’s a Homestuck reference","neutral"
"Have either of you or anyone else in your newsroom faced personal threats because of your work on this project?","neutral"
"That’s hilarious until you do this to an iced up meth head and you get stabbed.","realization"
"Happy for u!!","joy"
"Yup [NAME] is who me miss. Anyone notice though that his little southern twang ramped up to about 100x more when he went national?? Lol","admiration"
"Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff","neutral"
"That's not a denial 🤔","disapproval"
"As someone who's been trying to break the bad eating habits, I feel you.","neutral"
"Looks like a classic subluxation; that guy needs to get to the chiropractor!","neutral"
"But [NAME]","neutral"
"he looks pretty average to me. like many guys i've seen on the train.","neutral"
"lol [NAME] trying to attack someone with their back turned","amusement"
"I love how many penguins stopped and waited for him 😍","excitement"
"[NAME] having an adult life, yeah ist tiring. But not exactly new and not at all women specific imo.","realization"
"No steel toe boots either. Amateurs. If the owner made his cooks do this instead of proper contractors he deserves a workers comp claim.","pride"
"Shut up you shill /s","neutral"
"Maybe he *did* leave the building. If you can't find him, he could've left without you knowing. Is that better or worse?","confusion"
"Yeah, this seems weird to me, too.","annoyance"
"that trier iso on tucker at the end made me feel things","joy"
"I’m having a counseling this weekend ... nothing to be scared.... just tell them about your feelings and what are you worrying about..","disappointment"
"I love how serious and mad cats get when the dog starts messing around with them all playful","love"
"Weird flex but ok","fear"
"> America is fundamentally anti-fascist [🅱️itation 🅱️eeded]","neutral"
"And you got it, a federal tax cut. If you want to pay less taxes overall you need to stop electing democrats.","approval"
"Lets go devils baby","neutral"
"Every day in everyway. If I am to happy with anything next thing I know I'm actively destroying it.","disappointment"
">Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. ","fear"
"I am so excited to vote for him! [NAME]","excitement"
"No idea, maybe say nothing..............","confusion"
"This is my hat now... this is totally my hat...","excitement"
"Get off the fence, Switzerland","neutral"
"Yes. Some shows get canceled before they can even finish the season","disappointment"
"Aww how can you hate the little darling, it's so cute ","admiration"
"I'm still surprised this thing is only 2 Lanes in each direction","surprise"
"Lol don't worry, they even make you somehow hate [NAME] in season 2.","optimism"
"> Wolf Hall Sounds interesting ! You've inadvertently led me down a rabbit hole of historical wikipedia pages now...","embarrassment"
"The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?","annoyance"
"Dat trigger discipline though","neutral"
"That's gotta cut deep!","neutral"
"Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity. ","disapproval"
"Not any weirder than male doctors handling women junk for centuries.","disgust"
"They are all good right now. Pick the one that interests you and enjoy yourself.","excitement"
"Highgate Hill! Close to westend and has a lot of cute houses. :)","admiration"
"Wow. That is shockingly uncool.","annoyance"
"A good therapist can lead you to talking about what you need to talk about once they get to know you and your emotions and trends","admiration"
"HOW DOES ONE CONTACT [NAME] TO PRESENT THEIR FIRSTBORN FOR ONE?!?!?!","neutral"
"I was AF enlisted too hahaha","joy"
"Yeah I bet they 'work hard' nowadays and took 'big risks' for their money.","neutral"
"If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him","annoyance"
"14 and im quite good at makeupmaxxing and tall so people (especially adults) always tell me i look 16-25 :(","neutral"
"Wow. These people really deserve some *clove*, especially on subshops.","admiration"
"Nope. I’m not wrong. Flipper superficially inflate housing prices without substantively contributing to their value.","neutral"
"And here I thought it was just my phone... damn what a horrible site.","embarrassment"
"Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past","disapproval"
"The best advice I have, which it seems most people completely overlook: Have fun.","approval"
"Don't get down. You have only ruined it with that one person.","sadness"
"This internet stranger is also super proud of you! Way to go!!!","admiration"
"Never heard of anything other than brain freeze. Are the cheese heads moving south?","neutral"
"You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day","neutral"
"Yes you can, you need to worry about em for a little while ago obviously doesn't handle as well as like 500lb heavier.","approval"
"Its less than a year old... Doesnt it seem longer","neutral"
"> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].","caring"
"That looks so awesome","admiration"
"I had a guy who just kept jumping off the bridge in Eichenwald to his death over and over.. in a placement match.. WHY!","confusion"
"Yo gg man I was the lobby","neutral"
"They exclusively post movie links to this sub it's pretty weird.","neutral"
"Well now I am super pumped! [NAME] I hope AA doesn’t disappoint us","optimism"
"i mean, at least we don't have to worry about being embarrassed that we have a small penis, I guess? ","caring"
"I missed the part where that’s my problem. *cancels sm4*","neutral"
"I hope this season [NAME] wins everything:","approval"
"& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for "oppressing people"","annoyance"
"lol, thank u. i might just not be the smartest, always possible","annoyance"
"At least was fun i guess Thx [NAME], thx [NAME]","gratitude"
"Really? I thought he hated Mou.","neutral"
"Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...","approval"
"Yeah, I can see how that can sound that way","approval"
"THEY ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!!","excitement"
"Mission Control to Doctor Oct","neutral"
"Great idea! Thanks :)","admiration"
"Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning "god" would actually bless you lol but thx ","approval"
"I did not notice. What's the point of dark blue lenses over cold, dead, black eyes?","curiosity"
"Removed for spam","neutral"
"Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit","disgust"
"Thanks boss. Finally got a sibling for the Glock!","excitement"
"If anything, [NAME] got fouled ","disappointment"
"Anybody that puts that many numbers in their handle is an obvious psychopath.","neutral"
"You are aware. That in other countries this doesn’t exist right? Also a culture is something else than my boss made me do it.","neutral"
"Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick","anger"
"Believe you me. TLJ is much, much worse.","annoyance"
"Not a good time to make life altering plans like moving in with him right now. Good luck, though. [NAME]","caring"
"The government won't let scientists do studies on it, so we're stuck with anecdata until they stop being assholes.","annoyance"
"all 10’s left tbh hoping for a clarity win, we found love second, rather be third, and titanium fourth","neutral"
"bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor","caring"
"I don’t think you even know what you are talking about yourself","curiosity"
"Damn, I totally have used Dragon as my handle on certain dating apps before. Not sure how I feel about that now lol","confusion"
"It doesn't make you horny it just gives you a boner.","remorse"
"[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs","disapproval"
"A lot of people call that this is only one they made her sick","nervousness"
"I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.","love"
"Yeah, I'm like I'll get on and play some Magic Arena, but every time I'm like this game is terrible AF. ","realization"
"Lol I’m not a [NAME] bro. Sorry man.","amusement"
"No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :)","caring"
"[NAME] fantasy world is way too fast for anyone in the original megaman but kill them all without using the force.","neutral"
"Then keep your hands visible and fight the ticket in court. Don’t understand how this is such a complex issue.","disapproval"
"she also goes on to claim her memory started at 10 months old","neutral"
"Remember they are an ex for a reason. Seeing that smile probably made you remember all the happy times","amusement"
"Nifty hands trav, miles almost had that ","neutral"
"Don't "neg" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities. ","neutral"
"Uh, I have no idea.","confusion"
"hey sweets...","caring"
"That thread is awesome. I can't believe it's this guy that unites us all","admiration"
"r/UNBGBBICHIDICTICBG Pretty sure I got that wrong but I think you guys know what I mean Edit: I can't spell","neutral"
"Surely a ferry could be more cost effective and fun than that.","neutral"
"I once overheard my grandpa telling my brother that “anything more than a handful is a waste”","anger"
"This is really cute","admiration"
"Also how nonchalantly he hits them, like he's swatting a mildly irritating fly","approval"
"Got any good examples you care to post?","curiosity"
"Wow your post history is toxic.","annoyance"
"Make the fro bigger, and it will be a perfect master piece. Rating 9.9 out of 10","admiration"
"Glad to see [NAME] getting a point, he's been overdue. Now for the 3rd period [NAME]? ","curiosity"
"That was brutal as hell. Loved it","fear"
"This guy doesn’t know how to life...","disapproval"
"Expert peep fan here! I’m not gonna attack or defend I just wanna say that kids a little Bitch","anger"
"That feeling when you hire a really horny electrical engineer to make a comic...","approval"
"Thank you so much! I appreciate the support i’ve gotten as I don’t feel I deserve it— and I appreciate your comment. 😊","admiration"
"It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.","disappointment"
"Thanks will check them out!","gratitude"
"as someone who is a big save the earth guy this is truly awesome and makes me proud to be a fan of the yankees","admiration"
"Great read, still know a few folks who are still unhappy about the situation and won’t support [NAME]","disappointment"
"I think I saw it but I can't remember now. =/","disappointment"
"What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?","annoyance"
"I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!","gratitude"
"Uhhhh I did lol","amusement"
"Because they're forgettable major label garbage that paraded around as punk because they care about more animals than they do people, that's why.","caring"
"Yes! My SO does that, unfortunately the requirements are stricter and I can't :(","disappointment"
"Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite","amusement"
"I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.","disappointment"
"Why should I waste my time with that?","curiosity"
"[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.","disappointment"
"That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.","embarrassment"
"Considering the mass amount of seasonals they hired this year I wouldn’t be surprised.","neutral"
"Still don’t know how [NAME] said him and [NAME] will be battling for years while keeping a straight face.","disappointment"
"You don’t have to look bi to be bi lmao","amusement"
"This happens all too much. The game cannot keep up with so many actions especially if ur ping is bad","disapproval"
"> People on the team needs to be cool. yup, totally 2016(my csgo trading days) in a straight line.","relief"
"Awesome i already havr an will definitly not be doing it in the future thanks for the advice.","realization"
"Tried that for a year and still scrawny and look young 😂","disappointment"
"Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*","excitement"
"For an alternate anecdote, I quit playing because of the forced role QM changes, so there's that.","neutral"
"Can you spend a week reviewing ? That is totally what I would do. Come up with some fun games you can play.","neutral"
"[NAME] is getting frustrated and [NAME] is playing well, not much between the two last few points. Finishing it off is going to be a challenge for [NAME]","annoyance"
"Lol. I will be bartending and serving.","neutral"
"is it big market privilege? Cause the braves got fucked for similar crimes.","anger"
"Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday","fear"
"Lmao the revolution is here haha","amusement"
"Happy New Year.","excitement"
"Apologies, got a little carried away. ","sadness"
"Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame. ","anger"
"im sure he started that line with his own hard earned money","approval"
"I’m super excited and waiting for the FOV slider to put on the live server.","excitement"
"The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!","admiration"
"I hope it heals well! I will bring out the Oww Mah Layg dancers to encourage healing and positive energy to help you and cheer you on! 🎶💃Oww💃Mah💃Layg💃🎶","caring"
"This thought brings me too much joy. The tantrum-throwing traitor has taken me to a very dark place.","neutral"
"What's your complaint?","neutral"
"Ah the old cross your legs to make it look like you have hips trick.","neutral"
"Question of the century.","neutral"
""Fascist criticizes another fascist." Not much to see here.","neutral"
"Really? I was in New York last week and had to stand in the freezing cold to pump gas twice.","curiosity"
"That seems appropriate. The referendum was a Tory idea aimed at solving an internal Tory party issue.","approval"
"Glad we got that criminal off the streets! No-good [NAME]. Tsk tsk","gratitude"
"Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!","joy"
"Good thing he realized this was pointless before he resigned from his state senate seat. ^/s","realization"
"Agreed, that’s different if it’s their choice, but I would suggest against starting off that way!","disapproval"
"Nope I'm good to go! My goal this year is to drop a packet for warrant officer.","desire"
"Imagine getting banned from r/NFL for saying the Saints only SB win is tainted. Feelsbadman.jpg","neutral"
"We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!","embarrassment"
"He sexually assaulted you. Notify the police and the staff!","caring"
"I'm laughing hysterically at midnight Thanks LMAO","amusement"
"That's a fantastic reply! Thanks.","admiration"
"Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.","disappointment"
"Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*","caring"
"Ours go insides and zones random isles.","neutral"
"I’m sorry to inform you that this man is an imposter. I’m actually undercover atm.","approval"
"I'll kill you.","anger"
"Oh wow okay, where can I get a wind proof lining beaning or scarf? And do I have to cover my eyes or anything?","curiosity"
"So...... SOOOOOOOOOO glad Atlanta came back and beat the Bucs. Because of it, my beloved [NAME] are coming to Tampa.","admiration"
"Unfortunately this is just as illegal as impeding traffic all over the city.","disappointment"
"Not really. All pretty random injuries.","disapproval"
"Where’s the bar on this canoe?","curiosity"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were better than everyone on that list except for [NAME]. Also [NAME] is a racist.","admiration"
"TIL writing comments on the internet is the sign of a person who thinks he's a badass","neutral"
"I care. How are you today?","caring"
"Apparently reality is a simulation and the programmers are messing with us at this point.","disappointment"
"That would really piss them off","caring"
"I'm sorry [NAME]. I won't do it again.","remorse"
"You see benevolent, I see cynical and morally bankrupt.","pride"
"You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!","neutral"
"Nothing makes me exit a video faster "looking at this made my nipples hard" 🙄","neutral"
""bussy full of beans" is an earth-shattering phrase","surprise"
"I once heard the rotting carcass of a trash Panda works also thats if you cant get your hands on a fresh chinchilla","neutral"
"Mama [NAME] is not gonna be happy","neutral"
"I should stop jumping in elevators.","realization"
"Isn't it crazy how 2005 is considered "classic"?","curiosity"
"[NAME] was right! Best lipsync so far! That should be a double shantay and holy crap I think [NAME] may have just become my favorite queen!","amusement"
"This subs favorite game.","love"
"Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)","admiration"
"you got me [NAME]","remorse"
"Thank you. I think I may know that already, but I might need to hear it from others at times when I miss him a lot. ","gratitude"
"OMG thank you. Just thank you all","gratitude"
"I accept your failure and wish you a good day.","approval"
"This year would’ve been the year to start it... we’ll likely be losing the heart of our team after this season","fear"
"Awesome! Welcome aboard! I'm glad your first game was a win!","admiration"
"[NAME], people always forget about him but he has saved Madrid countless times in so many different ways.","neutral"
"He was afraid of flying","fear"
"I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots","optimism"
"Because it was windy ...","neutral"
"oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast","fear"
"Oh definitely!","neutral"
"Let me calm you down a bit:","annoyance"
"[NAME] has already pretty much called this deal off. I think his words were “highly unlikely”.","neutral"
"I was prepared to accept [NAME] for Pirela!","neutral"
"I see you with Zangetsu, and I like it","admiration"
"“While you were getting laid, I was shopping for clothes at Costco.”","neutral"
"Please tell me it opens up to a giant cave down there","neutral"
"I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/","remorse"
"For what...","neutral"
"For sure larrisa so I can try and bang her","neutral"
"No one wins if we all die. You'd think that fact would be enough.","neutral"
"It's all good. [NAME] was at my door 5 minutes later, and amazingly, didn't drive away between me seeing him, and walking downstairs. ","admiration"
"Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.","sadness"
"LCSC?","neutral"
"Oh [NAME].","neutral"
"I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.","annoyance"
"Not worth it. My family is the same way. I am scapegoat. I cut them all off and I have never been happier or more at peace","disapproval"
"I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward","neutral"
"What a stupid stretch lmao.","amusement"
"extra hot on whipped drinks? excuse me? i don’t want to burn my tongue on my CDL. extra hot on sauce-based beverages.","neutral"
"I know, pain in the asses.","neutral"
"Exactly. Stop talking and let the adults speak u/MeatheadVernacular.","annoyance"
"Thanks for the gold","gratitude"
"when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol","sadness"
"Ohhhh now I get it Omg I'm so stupid","realization"
"I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.","optimism"
"plz no foul trouble","annoyance"
"No, don’t wait it out. Do everything you possibly can to lose it earlier in the meantime.","caring"
"[NAME]?! Welcome to the show!!!","excitement"
"I love the bus so much.","love"
"I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all","love"
"Damn, you woke homie. Your virtue has been successfully signaled.","relief"
"I wish that laugh would jump off","desire"
"Damn I was kinda counting on evolution to get me to heaven, but who am I to argue if [NAME] says it?","approval"
"This isn't cringe at all. He's making a joke.","nervousness"
"Yeah I'd recommend it, definitely an easy watch","neutral"
"The average person here could go their whole life without ever seeing a gun. The gangs and such yeah they manage to get guns one way or another","neutral"
"I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel ","relief"
"Looks like a certain someone is about to come out a certain closet","neutral"
"Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(","sadness"
"27 I like the Reds and am indifferent towards the Angels","excitement"
"Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.","love"
"If you are at the stage where you want to quit then all you have to do is believe you can quit","optimism"
"I knew I recognized this road! Damn, glad she's okay.","approval"
"I love crows!!!!","love"
"I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC","disapproval"
"Please concentrate on ignoring that hateful troll","caring"
"That will never not be true though","neutral"
"She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.","disappointment"
"I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying ","excitement"
"Sandwiching an argument between two insults. I like it - I might try it. Maybe that will get people to agree with me","approval"
"I didn't know that! Thanks!","disapproval"
"Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety. ","nervousness"
"Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.","annoyance"
"You're welcome! And whoops, my bad. I did not know that, thank you. I edited it up above.","gratitude"
"Problem is that most of the female posters here either do it for attention or almost immediately ghost because they come to their senses.","approval"
"[NAME], you're annoying. Did [NAME] steal your girl or what? Everytime someone mentions [NAME] on this subreddit, you appear to trash talk him.","neutral"
"Another horror story - just getting on your train at the time it should have been arriving at the end destination 3 hours away.","neutral"
"Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her. ","desire"
"Good luck.","caring"
"Mum asked me if I was on those steroids today, I'm very, very obviously natty but my mum always got my back. ","disappointment"
"Lmao, okay little buddy. Have a nice day. ","caring"
"For me, she looks happy and nervous as well to meet to her future husband´s family.","joy"
"It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before","fear"
"Seriously, you wanna give me singles? Awesome. I don't have to ask management AGAIN for more ones. XD ","curiosity"
"I don’t understand your question, why are you nervous if you are happy with the arrangement and he seems interested? ","confusion"
"Blooming Villain with Willpower a close second. Heavily emotionally charged songs used at very dangerous events that suit the theme perfectly.","approval"
"It was stupidmancostume","anger"
"Flirting isn't attractive per se, but (if done right) it shows social acuity and comfort with one's own sexuality, which are 2 attractive traits","neutral"
"Really appreciate this post and article. I just subscribed and between this and the sidebar I'm feeling pumped about starting he learning.","admiration"
"No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom","approval"
"mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits","admiration"
"and is where it's at!","neutral"
"Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.","gratitude"
"Improved by removing the third panel, improved by removing garfield. What can we remove that doesn't improve garfield?","neutral"
"Oooooooh!!","surprise"
"That’s good to know- thank you!","gratitude"
"Is that what it's called now?","neutral"
"Forgive me for being so forward but you’re hot af","remorse"
"Here come the Doterra Boss Babes to the rescue!","neutral"
"Or you can just support your local farmers that slaughter their animals in an ethical and way less horrifying way.","annoyance"
"Mmmm that delicious karma :3","annoyance"
"If this is the original Thai (I think) one then I would say it was a pretty good watch. Haven’t watched any other versions","admiration"
"I would hope that Cartoon Network would have nothing to do with it. Would hate to see them "Teen Titan" ASOIAF. ","realization"
"You can still check your feelings and then see how they’re messing up your facts.","approval"
"Anytime I've taken benzo beforecoke, it completely negates any coke feeling","approval"
"[NAME] playing great this half","admiration"
"Besides the fact that he hasn't announced that he's running yet (to my knowledge), there are CONSIDERABLE problems still lingering from his last campaign.","neutral"
"That’s horrible. You definitely didn’t deserve it. I’m glad to hear you’re doing OK now.","disgust"
"I believe furloughed feds still have health insurance benefits so you're not wrong on that PSA.","desire"
"I'm still a little surprised at how god awful that defense was. The Bengals definitely have some talent to work with.","disapproval"
"He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him. ","admiration"
"way off my friend","anger"
"hahaha, this is great. We need more anarchist jokes.","admiration"
"You’re right, 5 minutes won’t be enough, earlier could be 10 minutes. Weird how that works.","neutral"
"Well she played a damn long game with this 'Publicity Stunt' seeing as it was 10 years ago","annoyance"
"Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.","disapproval"
"And then choked on his vomit.","neutral"
"genji dmg buffs are eh but everything else except a nerf to zen are crazy","annoyance"
"She's not more than 17. And I love teenage [NAME]. Don't want her adult.","neutral"
"This has to be a joke...","amusement"
"great win leading into memphis. everyone contributed, awesome team basketball and defense throughout ","admiration"
"It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly ","fear"
"TIL [RELIGION] are the second biggest religious group in Arizona...I'm starting to see why it's been red for so long.","approval"
"My parents just couldn't understand that pick","neutral"
"Cringe, dude. You’re really reaching. ","fear"
"A joke is subjective pal, second of all you need to mature/grow up and get a taste of the real world before giving your political opinions.","joy"
"thanks for the thoughtful reply. but yeah I guess its mostly a pipe dream! I wish someone would post some detailed ideas and replies like this!","gratitude"
"Probably vallied out man haha","amusement"
"Who brings a gun to a middle school in the first place? This kid was not right.","neutral"
"It really do","approval"
"Thanks for comin' out.","gratitude"
"Who would have thought people were going to be using the Padres for their fake news to generate clicks. This is nuts.","neutral"
"Send it!","neutral"
"My dream place is Canada, my bi online friend moved there recently","neutral"
"Ending a relationship with a toxic person is so freeing. Congratulations!","relief"
"If I'm enjoying some fresh produce, and I hear you say >app-uh-LAY-sha Rest assured im throwing this apple at'cha.","anger"
"Over under pistons score 87.5","neutral"
"... I don't feel like your comment is from an objective point of view... Thanks though.","disapproval"
"They've provided plenty of evidence that you have only supported so far.","neutral"
"I looked at several different websites - mine are not perfect. But I like them. Mostly referenced this website.","neutral"
"I absolutely agree 100%.","approval"
"I _hate_ it when I can't get hold of a specific food I've been craving on a binge day.","anger"
"They r playing","neutral"
"One of my favourite [NAME] moments","love"
"I can't wait until I can get my app up and running now.","annoyance"
"The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud","sadness"
"I love [NAME].","love"
"He's saving guys for the back to back.","neutral"
"You're far too sweet haha","admiration"
"Same my dance card is completely full. I'm looking at a big pile of snow, I couldn't possibly fit that in. ","neutral"
"You must make a killing as a Dublin landlord. That apartment will be rented 24/7","neutral"
"I was at this game live, right by the end zone when he ran this glorious run in. It was beautiful.","love"
"Just here to try out my flair Edit: nice","admiration"
"Or you just say "Sorry, this isn't working out", and leave.","remorse"
"What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.","anger"
"As a high libido female, I feel the same with posts from males. It's slightly relieving to know someone else struggles the same way.","relief"
"I want to see [NAME] and [NAME], fresh blood is gonna do us only good at this point","neutral"
"Wack. Oh heard some 17 year olds are doing it too.","realization"
"I would choose to go in the coolest way possible. Don’t know what that would be but I would want my last moments to be memorable.","desire"
"Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.","disappointment"
"Sure. Let’s start with the terrorists with the biggest guns. How about Israel, or Saudi Arabia? ","neutral"
"Delete this. Half the fun is spending five minutes convincing someone to get down on the floor and look through a couple holes.","anger"
"And that he’s not white","disapproval"
"stop hurting my feelings","sadness"
"This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!","admiration"
"Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.","caring"
"This is brilliant!","admiration"
"Then I find writing of us only eating it during winter strange.","neutral"
"Yea it’s so weird","disapproval"
"so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.","admiration"
"It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.","anger"
"I don’t care what anyone says. Party pizzas are the best frozen pizza you can get. Still mad about them being square now, though.","anger"
"Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.","admiration"
"Do I come across as thin-skinned? Hm, never noticed. Maybe it's an allergic reaction to dishonesty.","curiosity"
"That doesn’t seem like very responsible presentation of findings.","disappointment"
"[NAME] had talked about this entire operation is shady with an anti abortion agenda that's hidden behind their intentionally misleading name.","disapproval"
"Perfect place to get flame grilled by the church then. Bring it on!","neutral"
"DeepRekt Chain! Oh man, the rekt on that chart is something to behold.","annoyance"
"*They ARE my children* And now you see why people call you a future crazy cat lady.","admiration"
"She must hate her father.","anger"
"ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood","approval"
"Ha! They’re very naughty! Pretty cute, tho ❤️","neutral"
"I've been waiting to watch [NAME] die for a long long time. Sure hope that one is right.","curiosity"
"At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening. ","neutral"
"Love the place but be ready to wait. They really do take the time to make sure you look good and fresh.","love"
"thanks for apologizing","gratitude"
"Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny","joy"
"Interesting point about how *guanxi* "makes corruption an intrinsic characteristic of the Chinese government."","curiosity"
"THAT’S how we’re getting to Tahiti","neutral"
"A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!","amusement"
"They're a Queens family. [NAME] would be one of those dudes who sits outside of Bodegas and bothers high school girls when they walk by.","neutral"
"Oh, my [NAME] ","relief"
"Whew! I’m glad [NAME] was caught. I hope you’ll never have to deal with her again.","gratitude"
"Yes, a lot of it ","neutral"
"Did I just get called [NAME]? Achievement Unlocked!","neutral"
"I like being bad. It makes me happy.","joy"
"Ok. First I've heard pregnancy helping with tips. Thanks for sharing.","approval"
"A cat has never understood me so well.","neutral"
"Getting outplayed by the Cavaliers LOL. Maybe [NAME] and [NAME] can take more bricks this quarter, seems to be working so far ","amusement"
"Congratulations! :)","admiration"
"Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude","caring"
"with his luxurious salary, nice pension and zero accountability for anything it does, its a hard old life!!!","joy"
"I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.","grief"
"TELL ME MY FUTURE, YOU SORCERER","anger"
"Awesome shot dude!","admiration"
"I don't think you know what a vegan is","realization"
"Was it? I thought it was someone from last season. Maybe I am just remembering wrong. I’ll have to watch her again!","confusion"
"I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.","fear"
"We can agree this season is ♾ times better than AS3?","curiosity"
"This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊","admiration"
"You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.","annoyance"
"When did he claim it was "destroying Western civilization"?","neutral"
"If you'd like to suggest an alternative non-inflammatory metaphor for something that implies racism, I'm happy to consider it. ","approval"
"[NAME], this is your MLA, right? Dude *does* seem like a plug. ","neutral"
"Yikes!! This rebuild year isn't fun","disapproval"
"Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.","amusement"
"I test ENFP and I relate to this thread so much.","realization"
"Small group of friends either outside or at home listening to good music would be ideal for me. Maybe even one sober person to drive our high asses around","optimism"
"Oof.. :(","neutral"
"Apparently the Dodgers are still in the running for Realmuto.","neutral"
"You shouldn't skip to any scene. This is a masterpiece from start to finish.","admiration"
"1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up","approval"
"Um, no, it wouldn't be days before anyone looked for a missing kid. Hours maybe. Not days.","confusion"
""You're a good man [NAME]." Yo [NAME], are you watching the same show I am?","approval"
"She already had plans with some of her friends and it would have been weird for me to get there, I didn’t know any of them. ","fear"
"I did love seeing [NAME] and [NAME] guest on the last episode of the Orville.","love"
"I’m so happy for you! Keep doing the damn thing! :):)","joy"
"I could but it's been a few months so you'll have to one","neutral"
"You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.","optimism"
"Possible maybe, not at all plausible.","neutral"
"This is just too cute.","admiration"
"Have fun in the farmer's league.","joy"
"I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever","disappointment"
"Have you tried having wealthy parents?","neutral"
"Happy cake day to him","gratitude"
"This article is stupid.","annoyance"
"A sea of red flags. Make this guy your ex, you deserve better. ","approval"
"OP already stole it himself","neutral"
"Why do we even try to have nice things T_T","confusion"
"Can't tell if bad troll or just ignorant knowitall","confusion"
"It's why it would be a mistake to move away from the "mega-thread" format.","optimism"
"You must be ecstatic, I'm really happy for you.","excitement"
"thats even scarier haha","amusement"
"Fat dont fail me now!!","optimism"
"What is it called? "People online voicing their opinions and making jokes about the hilarious bs we do".","neutral"
"Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.","disapproval"
"Wow she still hasn't helped even though you recognize it?","surprise"
"Also thanks to 4chan","gratitude"
"It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.","disappointment"
"Definitely fake. Looks like bad CGI in a movie.","disgust"
"[NAME] made that lmao","amusement"
"I can't wait to see what us skilled workers get. Thanks government for telling businesses how to run and wrangle unskilled workers with no ambition.","gratitude"
"Is this [NAME]?","surprise"
"Adults actually need less sleep than teenagers because teenage bodies are still growing and","approval"
"Mornings can be hard, lol.","neutral"
"Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.","neutral"
">Federal minimum wage should be closer to $5 That's a horrifying thought.","disapproval"
"Don't chase after out of position teammates. Your life as a Mercy is more important. Let them fools die and learn their lesson.","annoyance"
"Tbf he's not a dictator... Yet...","neutral"
"I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life","pride"
"And they treat them like they're children.","neutral"
"The line the reviews were not positive made me laugh for some reason.","amusement"
"This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]","admiration"
"The situation never should’ve gotten to that point.","optimism"
"It’s okay to cry man","neutral"
"poor mod :( i guess people arent allowed to leave this sub if they are vegan","neutral"
"It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.","sadness"
"Thanks for cheering me up!?","gratitude"
"Neither are foreign coups set up with the countries chamber of commerce and the head of the army.","disapproval"
"Asleep at the switch! I wasn't asleep. I was drunk!","neutral"
"Skynet has really lost its edge","neutral"
"Mandle jokes.","neutral"
"supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph","admiration"
"This will get us focused and we’ll play hard with a vengeful attitude next couple games","neutral"
"maybe its because i have a pissy attitude, but i wouldnt have gone just because i didnt want to, since it was last minute like that.","neutral"
"it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT","annoyance"
"I'm curious as to how HIMYM affected you, if you would like to explain. I've watched it so many times. ","curiosity"
"Have you tried finding other communities to join? Now I know ex-[RELIGION] communities are not that common but just non-religious communities should be rather commen right?","curiosity"
"I kind of love the rabbit","love"
"Agreed 100%, Governor [NAME] will have some say in this, they broke Wisconsin law, plain and simple !","approval"
"I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.","neutral"
"r/outoftheloop here; could you explain why this is good? I'm assuming he's a scummy shitlord.","curiosity"
"They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail","anger"
"I have mixed states and rapid cycling too! Super fun","amusement"
"Do you smoke? Smell strongly? Have dirty boots?","neutral"
"I love reading positive stories!! Happy for you, OP!","joy"
"Tan woman here. I can see my boob veins too. Kinda cool to trace the lightening strike","relief"
"People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂","sadness"
"I shave it. Btw great way to cheer me up saying I look like I'm 45 at 23","admiration"
"Thank you... I'll try but can't promise anything","gratitude"
"Check out Round Planet on Netflix - you won't be sorry","optimism"
"That’s is 100% the noise. Perfect!","admiration"
"true... good luck! You're doing the right thing.","admiration"
"She's not pointing at you. Look closer.","neutral"
"Crack whores are hooking in broad daylight now, eh?","anger"
"2 games damn what was in them burgers","disappointment"
"Well, we need to know so we can get the fuck as far away as possible.","neutral"
"It's so satisfying. It's the little things that makes pubg the best!","admiration"
"This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy "feminist" with no perspective whatsoever.","surprise"
"That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.","gratitude"
"I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset","love"
"That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.","disappointment"
"every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback","fear"
"Well howdy neighbor. I'm also about 200m away from there. It inspired me to setup wireless security cameras.","optimism"
"I'd love to hear someone argue in support of our current income inequality..","love"
"The lies of this evangelical “[RELIGION]” woman are simply staggering. What a wonderful example she is for her children.","admiration"
""in2" Is this a time saver over "into"? This reporter says no.","curiosity"
"Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]","neutral"
"Do you have a link? I never saw the video, I only heard about it","curiosity"
"we will see I hope your right. all we can do is play our best.","optimism"
"I never said it wasn't a fighting game though in my comment you replied to I specifically say it is a fighting game.","approval"
"Love it!","love"
"2 years down the road (that is, now) every Uber driver complaining about how they re exploited and blackmailed and can't make ends meet.","disappointment"
"Just commenting here to give you a notification :) Have a nice day now","approval"
"Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.","caring"
"I thought about it before. But I'm afraid I might get in trouble.","fear"
"Yea I checked a few. It's supposed to be creepy I guess","confusion"
"The article says an emergency declaration let's them skip some regulations on contractors... Overpriced no bid contacts to his cronies are on the menu, boys!","neutral"
"Suck Fat Women.","neutral"
"We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them. ","desire"
"Now put the poor thing down you valley boy donut.","neutral"
"Sounds painful man","sadness"
"Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.","desire"
"The FF/SDLP pact just kills off the SDLP in my eyes. No way can I vote for a party with links to the corrupt FF","neutral"
"[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there","neutral"
"Gotta get 'email all! Edit: stupid autocorrect","anger"
"I did not even realize he was injured...","sadness"
"Great cover of my favorite song. I loved watching you slowly giving into the temptation to rock out to the rhythm.","admiration"
"Promise me that when you call out his name you pronounce "Papa-paparazzi papa-paparazzi pahhh pahhh paparazzi, dinnnner!"","neutral"
"“Am I in the frat now, bruh?”","excitement"
"Wow, thanks so much for me to own tool that I can speak and understand Japanese fluently enough.","gratitude"
"That beat slaps. Good memories","joy"
"Did insurance cover this? Who was the surgeon? Unfortunately without it...this surgery can cost up to 20k or more in American cities.","curiosity"
"He looks proud of his work, leave him be.","neutral"
"They’re both good towns. Personally, I prefer Westfield. It has a better downtown, better schools, and the traffic is less awful. ","admiration"
"You absolutely dodged a bullet. You can be sad about it because it sucks to be broken up with but you def dodged a bullet.","excitement"
"Why are you defending [NAME], [NAME] clearly intends [NAME] to come across as a bad leader. Good leaders don’t get murdered bu their men.","annoyance"
"What does FPTP have to do with the referendum?","curiosity"
"How do you prove someone is looking for a job??","curiosity"
"Let's get skinner locked up for 8 years first. Don't want to upset him before he signs","neutral"
"S. we're just visitors in the twilight zone, a different time and space dimension, do do do do.","approval"
"It's time to trade our expiring deals and finally rebuild properly. Dont let me down Weltham!","realization"
"I might be wrong about the details. But it is odd.","annoyance"
"Am I the only one who really wants to know exactly what shit went down between them??","curiosity"
"2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].","admiration"
"That’s how I outfitted my team in that awesome red and black colossus armor.","excitement"
"LOL I think I'm the opposite, once I rehearse in my head, I mess up completely; I'm way better at improvising. ","joy"
"Sorry, I meant C","remorse"
"< video does a good job explaining push/pull.","admiration"
"All good just in it for the free karma anyways my man ( ▀ ͜͞ʖ▀)","optimism"
"Thanks So Much!","gratitude"
"If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.","approval"
"No it’s definitely you. Time for you to grow up.","curiosity"
"Doesn't mean we can't improve on what we have","optimism"
"Finding a Poliwag is not hard you can usually find them in Pallet Town.","caring"
"Tuition is now WAY more than that. You need to come up with more like 4k per month--and that doesnt include any living expenses.","neutral"
"If you made it a goal to speak a word to him, then how do you know you are blocked?","neutral"
"I saw a pic on twitter where she was also wearing a fur stole and she looked amazing.","admiration"
"It's been over a decade since consoles decided to mandate wireless controllers and I'm still annoyed by it.","annoyance"
"Enjoyphoenix couple of products are different than Desi’s box but it’s still existing products.","realization"
"There was a commercial about men encouraging other men not to perpetuate toxic masculinity. Of course the Republicans felt it was condescending and anti-men.","neutral"
"Google owns youtube.","neutral"
"Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.","remorse"
"Hate to be that guy, but that's not DDR, that's Pump It Up, the Korean DDR rip-off.","neutral"
""[NAME] is gonna do something today. drop something that gives him bad press." ","neutral"
"> unwanted touching, intentional flashing, obscene gestures, sex-related insults, etc. I wouldn't think those would happen less in a single sex thing.","neutral"
"*With Great power; comes great responsibility.*","approval"
"I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.","neutral"
"I'm just thinking our government sucks at Civilizations. Should have invaded them decades ago. Lots of water and farm land to use.","annoyance"
"Good night, sweet prince. I hope it was a quick one.","gratitude"
"But do you have a notoriously shady history a la Jax? (Hope not)","neutral"
"Ambien your posts are delightful and I have such a hard core internet stranger crush on you.","admiration"
"Definition of "Threading the Needle" ","neutral"
"That Burberry?","neutral"
"This chicks stealing his pubes off the toilets seat","disgust"
"Fcking disgusting.","disgust"
"I get that you’re upset because I find a joke funny, but keeping it to yourself doesn’t hurt anyone. ","caring"
"[NAME] didn't want to deal with [NAME] (reasonable) and [NAME] had more foreign policy experience and credentials than [NAME] did at the time.","approval"
"Oh look another shit call","anger"
"Why would you assume he wasn’t in on the decision?","neutral"
"That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.","admiration"
"That sounds terrible.","fear"
"Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?","annoyance"
"The logic is so the government can oppress you.","annoyance"
"Please treat me with modern medicine. I have gastroparisis.","caring"
"Grandma is bad at math","disapproval"
"But he did...at the end of last year and this season.... And I’ll take Mayfields word over speculation","neutral"
"I absolutely love that idea. I went on an anniversary trip with a couple once and it was amazing! We had so much fun.","excitement"
"Man. Really bad last possession there. Bummer.","annoyance"
"Me too!!!","neutral"
"They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail","anger"
"Been saying horford has been overrated since he got that fat contract","optimism"
"British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles","sadness"
"Refusing to acknowledge the *'First Act of Supremacy (1534)'* was a reason too.","neutral"
"You know I’m not the only one that stole a meme and posted it in other subreddit, right? ","neutral"
"Dont call your self pansexual if you've never deepthroted a pan.","optimism"
"It's a shame he didn't trust you enough to believe you, but instead believed his own assessment of what he was worth.","embarrassment"
"Frankly, partisan politics aside, I would REALLY like to know where this fever dream of historical came from. It's mind boggling.","curiosity"
"Shut up nerd","anger"
"Anytime someone says “Sorry, English is my second language,” I already know I’m in for a well written post.","neutral"
"I know my imaginary 2 year old knows about the theories of [NAME].","neutral"
"Anyone else's NHL feed die?","curiosity"
"Zionism is the ISIS of [RELIGION]. Brainwashed idiots like ISIS.","anger"
"Okay thanks for the advice!","gratitude"
"How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub","annoyance"
"this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes","admiration"
"At least you can admit you value one innocent person's life over another. What a shock it's the rich politician over the security guard.","approval"
"Your girlfriend is cruel and emotionally manipulative. Get the hell out and don’t let anyone else treat you like a dirty little secret again.","anger"
"Yes, we no longer have the necessity to eat animal products. Thus the only difference is pleasure.","realization"
"best to add a **/s** ......almost sounds like you're being serious!","neutral"
"Lol, I’m so sorry for u. Do u go down on her a lot? If so she need to give something too...","remorse"
"For the record I don’t necessarily want him either. I just think he’s a compelling person.","disapproval"
"I think they're getting desperate from all of us cord cutters converting everyone to Hulu.","neutral"
"Absolutely. I'd love it. No matter how much I like the guy, if he just goes for it that's not cool.","love"
"My man's on the left looks like he's trying too guard precious","caring"
"Maybe. But I can’t think straight and she is the only person who could save me right now, and she’s gone","disappointment"
"*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children","annoyance"
"That’s crazy! I’ve watched every season 6 times now and I’m just realizing that they are in an office!","realization"
"That grammar though","neutral"
"you know what song goes well with this? 880 by [NAME]","curiosity"
"Got home from helping my friend move and turned it on literally just in time to see [NAME] score. Let's go Knights!","neutral"
"Is there any way to somebody can please translate the notes into doc form or something? I am having trouble viewing them :(","disappointment"
"Thank you and I try to keep our contact at a minimum.","approval"
"I binged that podcast in about 2 days at work. Amazing. The convention for Limelight, and how emotional they got for those poor women was heartbreaking.","admiration"
"thanks, it’s been so much better","gratitude"
"Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍","approval"
"Good thing you listened to your gut, ran, and made a lot of noise! Yikes! Glad you're ok.","admiration"
"Me neither weeds is bad","approval"
"I'm more worried about him scamming children than "oNLY" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100.","fear"
"Why do you think he's right? What reason would a nonprofit newsroom have for publishing sensationalist headlines?","curiosity"
"The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.","embarrassment"
"You can just say grownups use lubrica ... ^ohhh","neutral"
"I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]","love"
"oh [NAME] what did i do","surprise"
"I rarely like or comment on YouTube. But I make hella playlists so I guess I use it more as a tool than a community.","approval"
"That was the one I was thinking of! I can't remember which episode it was on now, but it fantastic","admiration"
"I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man. ","caring"
"Doesnt matter. Nobody sees me crying anyway when I always lock myself in my room.","neutral"
"Ya did good, bud.","admiration"
"Can you imagine being the person in this costume #mascotlivesmatter","neutral"
"When people ask what the show was like back in the day before it went national— that is the closest it’s been","neutral"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** CrimsonEagl3! ^(hug)","caring"
"NICO WITH THE SMIRK!","excitement"
"Yeah the last one made me laugh","amusement"
"It’s so crazy how [NAME] went from being an elite goaltender to barely an ahl bum in a matter of 2-3 years. I cri","curiosity"
"Hahaha how old are your sons? They're mixin' batches with your body wash hahaha","amusement"
"Man, I want to see a Polandball of this now","annoyance"
"Ah. Yea, the classic loner looking for compliments. Seems pretty edgy","annoyance"
"Feel free to PM me, I was a longtime vegetarian before transitioning to veganism.","approval"
"Hm, I haven’t heard that opinion before but it sounds good. Thanks for the advice!","admiration"
"Try it sometime man. You may just enjoy it","joy"
"Like the [NAME] twins, I guess.","neutral"
"How does that mean his brain is in my mouth, even when I used to work with a shotgun...","anger"
"Australia? Edit: No, [NAME], but awfully similar to the situation here in Australia.","curiosity"
"[NAME] doesn't even like sex. Remember, you said it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton.","neutral"
"Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.","neutral"
"They are all good right now. Pick the one that interests you and enjoy yourself.","joy"
"Sorry but I’m out of the loop on this. What and when is in play? Thanks.","curiosity"
"This is the kinda stuff that is cute in romantic comedies. It just depends on how much you like him.","admiration"
"Either that, or his wife is *really* attractive. ","neutral"
"You seem fun.","neutral"
"I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.","love"
"Oh ok, thanks for that. Didn’t know.","gratitude"
"Oh [NAME], House of Leaves. That book is......","neutral"
"Reads like a movie script to me.","neutral"
"I like it, more please. ","admiration"
"Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail. ","amusement"
"I wish she wouldn’t choose [NAME] she can do better but we all know she will","desire"
"Cheers dude. Upvoted!","admiration"
"Hence I used "weird". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up.","annoyance"
"Nice language 👏","admiration"
"[NAME] making moves, as much as I still miss [NAME] I'm excited to see our teams future.","excitement"
"Get some help with your decision. Maybe your church or some non-profit group in your area can talk you through it. Good luck! Keep us updated.","optimism"
"Thanks for the reply! I appreciate your input. Please keep me in the loop, I’d love to be more active with this if possible.","admiration"
"If you don't get that hook one shot combo with hog now, it's over. Not looking forward to that when I play Hog.","neutral"
"That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].","neutral"
"The comments under that video are disturbing. People actually see this as a sign of the end of times.","disapproval"
"Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.","realization"
"I'm sorry that you're so angry.","disappointment"
"Too bad such a scumbag of an organization gets to host the AFC championship game. NFL is thankful it isn’t the Chargers tho.","annoyance"
"Something is rotten in Deutschland.","neutral"
"I might have exaggerated a bit for comedic purpose. I'm sorry. I'll edit it in.","sadness"
"I would think preschoolers would be better at shitting than with sharing","realization"
"This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.","caring"
"And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!","annoyance"
"Dude I love these","excitement"
"Go find your own [NAME]!!!","neutral"
"And he’s also a military veteran with a troubled past who’s now part of a religious cult 🤔","neutral"
"Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?","anger"
"Wow that was ...mind blowing.","excitement"
"Do you have any relatives who could support you?","curiosity"
"Did not expect pint sized [NAME]. That was cute!","approval"
"What did I miss?!","neutral"
"Wow it's almost as if those losers have a lot of money or something else to leech off of.","excitement"
"always try to avoid triggers - my last 12 day streak was suddenly toppled by a trigger - no urges and then, suddenly, a *massive* urge","caring"
"I can't do that....I don't know how to hard boil eggs sooooo","annoyance"
"Shit she doesn’t want = “curated beauty box” 🤔","disappointment"
"Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!","disgust"
"Those are old concepts from either MK9 or MKX, can’t remember which.","annoyance"
"Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning. ","love"
"Better than mine.","approval"
"It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.","sadness"
"This has to be a joke. Your written word is atrocious.","amusement"
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid "guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??" posts are the absolute worst","disapproval"
"Hey, I’ve learnt something here today, so thanks! ","gratitude"
"Frustration is an indication that someone is powerless to change their situation. Not whether they are correct or not. That's my view.","neutral"
"Damn why’d you have to do him like that😂","curiosity"
"I wish [NAME] nothing but the best. I certainly won't ever forget his passion for the Mets.","neutral"
"What are ferals and what's wrong with them? (I'm relatively new to the furry community and don't know a lot about it yet.)","neutral"
"we're ok buddy!","neutral"
"no no no you don’t understand! personal responsibility means nothing! it’s all [NAME] fault! /s","disapproval"
"Tried so hard and got so far, in the end it doesnt even matter","disappointment"
"Look up info on being an empath. I am one and am complete drained after outings even if I had a blast.","disapproval"
"Yall remember that rainbow zebra striped gum that lost its flavor in like 0.0001 seconds","neutral"
"That beat slaps. Good memories","gratitude"
"You could see this as your friend caring for you, meaning well. ","caring"
"I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!","joy"
"Ok just making sure i was confused","confusion"
"oh, it's free with prime now, added to watch list.","excitement"
"He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol","neutral"
"Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.","disapproval"
"I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.","gratitude"
"I will then be singing "The hills are alive with the sound of music."","neutral"
"But still, crying "castrate all pedophiles" because they could be potential rapists is like crying "kill all men, they are all potential rapists." ","disapproval"
"The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.","disapproval"
"Wow that's just like when I sing it","surprise"
"Do you really want to bring up the Menstrual Blood Baking again? Because shit like this is how it comes up again.","curiosity"
"I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(","sadness"
"Just next her. She'll never find a SD anyway, she's all talk.","neutral"
"That's why you stand holding your card in one hand and tapping it on the other, to make it obvious you're impatiently waiting","neutral"
"That's what i was thinking. Did she tell you she did?","confusion"
"This is great in contrast to the [NAME] and [NAME] drama","admiration"
"This really tickled my anxiety. I hate it","anger"
"They look like great bros, sorry for your loss <3","admiration"
"You gotta find that fine line where you amass as much paper equity as possible while not sacrificing what’s really important in life.","caring"
"And best of all, it is giving a child a loving home.","joy"
"Yeah. The only time I ever parked like that was after a too few many.","neutral"
"It's a combination of the two...","neutral"
"Why is this my fucking friend [NAME] 😂","curiosity"
"^ And another baby bear. Prepping for a new propaganda assault?","neutral"
"Everything is cool when no one gets hurt.. But as soon as something bad happens, we all scream idiots... Why...?","fear"
"Nice try coppers.","love"
"That seems stupid.","disapproval"
"but [NAME] is","neutral"
"Fluid to the top!","neutral"
">YHWH >Abba >same dude I knew it","approval"
"Me, it's too cute for words.","gratitude"
"I've heard this is a form of self hypnosis such kinda makes sense to me.","neutral"
"His truck was never used by ISIS.","neutral"
"Yep, I guess this is a no-go for me. Thanks!","confusion"
"Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.","realization"
"Wow, they are actually struggling against the Hawks for 3 full quarters. ","surprise"
"Ok google it then. 🤦🏼‍♀️","approval"
"[NAME] [NAME] Bros are losing their minds over this tweet.","neutral"
"Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.","surprise"
"deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5933 ^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?","curiosity"
"You were inebriated and eating ratshit.","disgust"
"Lol don't worry, they even make you somehow hate [NAME] in season 2.","caring"
"Oof, that's rough. :( Sorry that happened to you, mate. ","annoyance"
"That may be true. I was just pointing out that the logic of an appeal to nature is fallacious","confusion"
"you are pathetic.","sadness"
"If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.","caring"
"Play something else and come back later. You’re burning yourself out","caring"
"It is a highly underappreciated movie...FOOLS","anger"
"I am so sorry. My kids are the only thing keeping me going. The loneliness is agony.","caring"
"He missed out on a golden kid. You should be proud of yourself, congrats!","gratitude"
"Ok shady flags are flapping so hard I was knocked out of my chair.","disappointment"
"[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year","fear"
"Very very very naive.","annoyance"
"This is why I have no sympathy for parents who can't make time for their kids because of their jobs.","anger"
"I scrolled past this and thought this was a title reveal and got so excited. Good GOOD theory though!","excitement"
"In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now","sadness"
"So.... we screwed then, yeah?","neutral"
"Love it yeet","surprise"
"ift yourself up on your feet! Let's get it on!","caring"
"Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.","annoyance"
"Doing Gods work .","neutral"
"Oh heck owo","neutral"
"I'm not giving more clicks for a video when the headline should be explained in the body of the Arte.","neutral"
"Yeah it’s ridiculous. I mean I’m crying about the model but I still spent the money lol","disappointment"
"I know the author tried to find a picture that emphasize wealth/elitism but they’re toasting with water lmao","neutral"
"Hahaha, that's a good one. ","admiration"
"wow that's next level here. I am familiar with people dangerously going over 2+ lanes and the zebras but I have never seen that in DFW.","neutral"
"Just stay tuned. The fix is on the way","neutral"
"[NAME] hand must have burned holding that blasphemous law book.","neutral"
"[NAME], I guess you are the one who got whooshed","optimism"
"Thank you all for your responses! Some new info for me is giving me hope again lol see ya on the battlefield","amusement"
"Marry her....she's a keeper.","neutral"
"Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.","anger"
"I like you, do you like me? Please circle Yes No","curiosity"
"Interesting to see Dashy and Crimsix change specialists. And Scump is running Stock 2 on his Saug. Seems like they are trying some new things.","neutral"
"Great point.","admiration"
"Isn't North Dakota more important? Or are they just the sacrificial canary in the coal mine?","neutral"
"I guess learning French in school helped me for once","realization"
"I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.","curiosity"
"Yes, I had to drive about 2 miles to the restaurant but I only waited 5 minutes. ","approval"
"May regret asking but foid ?","remorse"
"thank you for the laugh","gratitude"
"Was wondering the same thing.","surprise"
"Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3","disapproval"
"The music caught me off guard","surprise"
"That sounds very sketchy to me. I would be thinking he’s with another girl TBH","annoyance"
"Excellent analysis!","admiration"
"Isn't it crazy how 2005 is considered "classic"?","disapproval"
"I don't even understand stuff is going on, I just laugh and hope it's at the right time. ","confusion"
"I hear that if you say you aren't doing something, when you do it, you're not actually doing it.","neutral"
"Great game! Got more intense as it went on.","admiration"
"That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.","admiration"
"Thankyou! :)","gratitude"
"Check her phone and email. She is probably screwing one of her yoga students.","neutral"
"China colonizes Africa. Pakistan colonizes UK. Mexico colonizes USA. What a timeline we are living in!","caring"
"6/10 Pumpkin Spice Lattes?","neutral"
"Bitch yes!","anger"
"I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue. ","anger"
"This is such a good idea!!","admiration"
"I find the joke chill and reasoned","amusement"
"Thank you. Language is weird. Why do you have multiple words for the same thing?","confusion"
"I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).","annoyance"
"First, in war First, in peace First, in sexually transmitted infections","neutral"
"Do you regularly go around calling people a know-it-all when they've generously provided you with specific information you've demanded?","neutral"
"I may be mistaken but I believe it’s illegal to fly over the north and south poles for any aviator","approval"
"But we're just trying to diffuse the tension and teach them about peace!","caring"
"Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago","love"
"Then how can you say the rest is very red outside of nova when that is blatantly not true?","confusion"
"The angle makes it look like he's 15 feet tall, but otherwise, very good.","confusion"
"And pampered chef too, iirc it wasn’t a MLM (product) when it started","neutral"
"I'm 50% convinced this is [NAME] posting and I'm here for it","neutral"
"That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.","disgust"
"We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.","neutral"
"What the actual heck.... Like I just don't....I cannot","disapproval"
"I don't think you could actually find something that's *unambiguously* racist. That's just how dog whistles work.","neutral"
"Can holiday just stop fucking shooting? I can’t wait till he gets traded.","disgust"
"im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days","sadness"
"TOO. MUCH. HESITATION. [NAME] should've gotten that on net a second earlier","neutral"
"This is the worst take I have ever heard on cooking ever.","disgust"
"Lots of them to mature. Thank you for half baked?","caring"
"You cant post that without proof","anger"
"I see this guy all the time. It has a great vanity plate to boot.","admiration"
"Not sure about “better” but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.","optimism"
"I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.","sadness"
"My favourite moment of the game by my favourite player.","admiration"
"I'd bet that this falls under spamming and therefor I'll get banned soon :/ (please dont, I love this sub)","love"
"Definitely not angry. He who smelt it dealt it.","approval"
"my credit is not good enough for a loan and having no job would make it impossible to get 6k. and being able to speak.","disapproval"
"This is great editing! I know this took a lot of work/time. Awesome job!","gratitude"
"I honestly would start at the beginning. Most things are still funny because you remember the events they make fun of.","amusement"
"Serious creep vibe when she put on the wedding dress.","excitement"
"I had a choice between him and obj at 6 overall and I’m glad I went with [NAME]","approval"
"Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...","remorse"
"Friends for eternity! Loyalty, honesty!","admiration"
"Yeah I would regularly find Steelers Fans. Dunno if that demographics been changed. Oh yeah we have a lot of Cowboy fans too.","approval"
"We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.","relief"
"Is a threesome, lady in the back has a strap on.","neutral"
"thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.","gratitude"
"When I die Im gonna ask satan for a job in hell whipping all these cunts","grief"
"Ah the city of brotherly love <3","love"
"So is that like your opinion or a viewpoint you can back up with solid reasoning?","curiosity"
"I hate that myself","annoyance"
"Wish I could vote this up 1,000!","desire"
"[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game","joy"
"I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.","love"
"For the same reason that you desire for people to explain things to you for free: to gain knowledge that benefits society.","neutral"
"How did U quit being obsessed? It’s my goal for 2019.","annoyance"
"Guy or girl?","curiosity"
"I bet you could get away with this at work just fine.","approval"
"This is like aliens coming to this planet, taking you in as a pet, then surrounding you with mannequins. I’d be freaked out too. ","amusement"
"They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.","approval"
"lol Remember Faces of Atheism?","amusement"
"Burkina Faso is 1,000 miles of the Sahara away from Libya. Also, congratulations on embracing the sunk cost fallacy so completely.","neutral"
"I take it you haven't checked your balances lately...","neutral"
"I'd say the key difference is probably vegemite consumption...","approval"
"good move. needed another lefty in the pen.","admiration"
"I'll help hide the shovels beforehand","neutral"
"I realised after I typed it, but I left it up. I feel sometimes in life, you just gotta take the L. ","realization"
"That's what I thought, but upon closer inspection it's missing the Ontario shield of arms.","neutral"
"This sounds like a great idea!","excitement"
"Need turtle for the 3peat squad It’s crazy they were 1 team and now they are 5 :( I hope all of them can make playoffs","neutral"
"hey, everything's okay right now? ","curiosity"
"I have an 88% wr rn as [NAME].","neutral"
"Its better to just abuse us in overt ways since we tend to be doormats","neutral"
"Chill. Not everyone is perfect.","approval"
"Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.","joy"
"But hes still in love with me just not as much as he used to be... and he calls me.","approval"
"Suffocation, no breathing","annoyance"
"I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.","fear"
"I hate betting unders.","anger"
"This feels more like "Lofi Rock" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting.","joy"
"Thank you! I was thinking, man, I’ve never been corrected about this before. 😐","gratitude"
"Nice! I'm glad there was a great turnout. Congrats!","admiration"
"I pity them more than anything. My life's actually pretty okay, but what their generation has done to our planet and society's future is unconscionable.","sadness"
"[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams","annoyance"
"Me too thanks","gratitude"
"Thanks for sharing this with me btw. I shared the video with [NAME] and it was a hit","gratitude"
"Guy looks like average [NAME] at the gym. Reddit acts like he the new anabolic king 😂 I will go back to my cave now.","optimism"
"I get hard in the morning from just standing up and my body not knowing where to put the blood. But any other time of day its always sexual","neutral"
"This sounds dumb but do I worry about [NAME] value at all if [NAME] is a [NAME]? Obviously I steel keep [NAME].","neutral"
"Why is he doing this now?","neutral"
"I've heard of Ne Obliviscaris and the Ocean. I'll check these out, thanks!","gratitude"
"Oh well, okay, it worked!","relief"
"Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something","annoyance"
"I’m glad you did","joy"
"Bruh you don’t belong here","disapproval"
"I mean do what you want but I've always thought that's a good way of getting pink eye.","neutral"
"Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.","admiration"
"You're delusional and unabashedly willing to lie about others for ideological reasons.","desire"
"For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.","amusement"
"You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.","joy"
"I love how he bends down with his head in the 'loaded' guillotine to screw off the end cap.","admiration"
"Welcome home, [NAME]","joy"
"You're a brave man for trying claw, I tried it for a week and eventually got pissed and bought an elite controller. Paddles for days!","admiration"
"I'm so sorry for your losses. Please see a therapist and consider seeing your physician for antidepressant medication. Your daughter will need you alive someday.","caring"
"It’s still undeniably them though. Drawn in the foreground in somewhat true color to make sure it’s a clear homage.","realization"
"I cant even get my spouse to share the same bed...fml","neutral"
"So deport the bad guys and let the asylum seekers come in. Sounds like we don’t need a wall anyway.","disapproval"
"This is kinda sad","sadness"
"Yes, at home recuperating from a fractured ankle. ","relief"
"I hope all of y'all that are commenting isn't all men because not all women do that!","desire"
"THAT IS A $200 PLASMA SCREEN TV YOU JUST KILLED, i also loved the way he walked into the room all mad, lol","amusement"
"Kill whitey!","neutral"
"I could honestly just go without intermission interviews altogether.","pride"
"“Richtofen breaks the cycle!”","neutral"
"You severely misunderstand the evidence if your answer is 'NO TO ALL' regarding your questions. Especially the last one.","neutral"
"And the secret weapon, in case of emergencies: TRIPPLE THE OFFENSE!","neutral"
"Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.","desire"
"5. Puts you in debt 6. Isolates you from all social interaction 7. Leaves you with nothing but a product you can't sell","annoyance"
"He gives political answers to political questions. He's still interacting with the public unfiltered and I can't imagine any CPC Prime Minister ever doing similar.","neutral"
"Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤","gratitude"
"Never played there but it seems Portland Meadows might be the spot.","neutral"
"Don't ever be ashamed of who you are","anger"
" I didn't see any thinning spot. Again, it could very well just be the way his hair is cut this season. ","disappointment"
"Is that why I didn't like the show? Am I too happy?","joy"
"That sounds like a good system.","approval"
"Joining the server when everyone's at 1/4hp and out of ammo, with no damage to your...uh...living room. Yeah, ggwp.","neutral"
"That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.","neutral"
"CUE THE MUSIC!!!","neutral"
"Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.","annoyance"
"She was literally the worst manager I’ve ever worked for","neutral"
"Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere","neutral"
"Really like Molotov, such a great song!","admiration"
"where'd ya get 'em?","neutral"
"great another filler episode, not like we have had enough of them","admiration"
"In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.","anger"
"I’ve always wondered why they play at ear splitting volume instead of one where you can enjoy the music.....","curiosity"
"It *was* pretty public.","approval"
"is as good as it gets spent all morning looking for it . Thank you for your time","gratitude"
"That’s...not even close to being an accurate comparison. What point are you offering by doing this?","curiosity"
"You’re only as young as you feel 😄","approval"
"Greatest part of that goal is the pique backheel for me. What is he even doing there :))","admiration"
"Holy crap. I need to listen to that speech in full on my commute home then.","disapproval"
"It’s trying to steal his soul by sucking his breath out of him .","neutral"
"Super glad this is now all nice and official! Really looking forward to working the NGS peeps!","excitement"
"No one cares","neutral"
"Mongoose actually mate for life, and he can't leave his girl behind!","disapproval"
"Ha, who cares about them supporters...the most important thing for society is that justice is served and the man jailed! Scream all you want. ","disapproval"
"I’m not sure what to make of any of this but stay strong, friend. You’ll get through this eventually!","approval"
"Opiates will not cure anything, they just relieve the pain.","neutral"
"Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home","anger"
"do your own homework","caring"
"Those thighs are thick and are probably suffocating him.","neutral"
"So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.","neutral"
"Remember, they gave ANF Above The Law an 8.","neutral"
"To think that Doom GOATs isn't even EM's strongest form...damn, no wonder the [NAME] are 100% on EM","surprise"
"Shiiiiit I’m about to fuck [NAME].","anger"
"Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.","gratitude"
"HAHAHAHA YELLOW FOR AZPI????","amusement"
"The fact that you are questioning it, makes it even more worrysome. ","pride"
"This post was xposted somewhere","approval"
"Sexuality includes romantic attraction in its labeling and always has. Asexual folks are the only people who really need it.","neutral"
"Thanks [NAME].","gratitude"
"Everything can be turned into a fetish, why right now someone could be jerking off while watching paint dry. ","approval"
"I feel like people who post these are too in denial to realize it looks like a cry for help","annoyance"
"Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much","love"
"The life of a bus driver is harsh.","neutral"
"Interesting. I wonder how does this work. Does it do swaps itself? Does it utilize the currency exchange listings? I'll check it out later.","excitement"
"I hope that you still send her a bag each Christmas?","curiosity"
"You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!","love"
"We don't deserve you. Thanks for the update. Happy it's being handled! :)","disapproval"
"why does this feel like rightwing propaganda made because they are pant shittingly terrified of her...","neutral"
"These are great","admiration"
"Wow, why is he trying to interfere with these people's freedom of assembly and freedom of speech? wHaT aBoUt tHe ConSTItutIoN?!","neutral"
"I actually do that","neutral"
"This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!","gratitude"
"This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.","neutral"
"the last 2 are mocking the first you dumb asses","anger"
"The classic gothic vampire. They have a certain flair and panache.","neutral"
"I was a [NAME] fan for a good bit, so that swayed me a little towards his teams","neutral"
""Stay in your lane, bro."","neutral"
"It's like [NAME] said. They get motivated by a bad loss, they win a game, get unmotivated, and lose badly again","annoyance"
"If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.","excitement"
"I love me some Cat but someone clearly never read The mists of Avalon","love"
"So what you've never been in a relationship your whole life? At least you didn't get abused! Yah,ok.","approval"
"Why did you repost this 7 hours after your initial post!? And to the same sub!? Yo, that's not cool man.","confusion"
"I THOUGHT IT WAS "PRESS GANGING" WHERE THEY WOULD RANDOMLY GRAB YOUNG BOYS OFF THE STREETS OF ENGLAND AND FORCE THEM TO SERVE IN THE ROYAL NAVY?","neutral"
"Except it seems like the constant jerking off about DMC was one of the several things that could have led to them drifting apart.","approval"
"This is really the draw’s fault for [NAME] not having to play anyone that good until the final.","annoyance"
"What the fuck who likes cold","anger"
"I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode","love"
"[NAME] is worse because he’s all of those things plus he took out my boi [NAME].","neutral"
"It’s not even bad. Some people love dark humor, especially when delivered in a super serious way.","neutral"
"Eagles lucked out between the missed fg and the shotty refs... I don't see the game in new Orleans going this way at all","neutral"
"Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.","excitement"
"This is why nobody takes feminism seriously!","neutral"
"Have you had no withdrawal symptoms? Did you quit cold turkey? I want to go off abilify, it sucks.","annoyance"
"For the most part yes.","approval"
"Some of them are delusional and believe their victims want it","neutral"
"Bravo! It's hard saying you need help, and sometimes even harder accepting it. So proud of you momma!","admiration"
"how do you feel about the possibility of the cowboys getting #6 before we do?","disapproval"
"thanks for the correction.","gratitude"
"Childhood is happiness. After that the rest of your life is spent chasing that feeling, a feeling that you’ll never experience again ","joy"
"The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell","neutral"
"The entire thread makes me wish I WAS gay so that people won't pester me about having kids when I'm older","neutral"
"I mean, it certainly is weird but don't kinkshame","embarrassment"
"Thanks. Appreciate that perspective. I'm just saying it as a counter to the "rope is the only cope" mentality on the incel subreddit.","annoyance"
"The guy on that wouldn’t let [NAME] touch his own boat","neutral"
"Lakers truly have the worst fans","annoyance"
"I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.","disapproval"
">It's for this reason I'm hoping to leave. Where to if you don't mind me asking?","neutral"
"Oh yeah its that other chick who looked way to young to be in highschool","approval"
"I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)","gratitude"
"Damn, but I’d miss my mother. Then again she’d be all happy in her heaven. The rest of us can party. ","annoyance"
"Sorry ideologically yeah. I meant morally.","embarrassment"
"Let it go, look to the future, do not live in the past","caring"
"Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.","fear"
"No sorry still looking","remorse"
"Hey I'm from Htown too! What bar did you used to work so I know to stay away? Haha congrats on leaving!","amusement"
"I loved the reaction the cast of BP gave when they announced Spider Verse won. They couldn’t contain their excitement","excitement"
"I never said anything about that lmao","amusement"
""Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!"","sadness"
"Aww that's so sweet !","admiration"
"Brother please allow me to humbly agree. This is done. Take care of yourself.","approval"
"Yes my man","joy"
"It's so weird having HGs up this early, but I love having something to watch before my 8am lecture starts.","fear"
"3 Hours of [NAME] pissing on the floor in public","disapproval"
"This architecture will be treasured even more in a couple of generations. We must act now to conserve it. Btw, happy cake day, slaphead.","excitement"
"Not only that, the "improved controls" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics. ","disapproval"
"I was just about to comment this. She might be a wonderful human being, but I have suspicions. ","neutral"
"Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries","caring"
"The tree actually moved!!! Who is this guy?!","approval"
"Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.","approval"
"That's what I thought! Kotake and Koume!","realization"
"That, the fact that the photo was taken on someone's phone and the fact they couldn't be arsed to crop it properly...","neutral"
"Notice me dooku","neutral"
"Also soda helps unclog patient’s feeding tubes if you wanted a gross reason to never drink soda again.","neutral"
"Tis but a scratch.","neutral"
"I went to your profile to see the other pics & saw your kitty. He's super cute!","admiration"
"Also very funny that communists can still expect it to end up in a different end-game. Well not funny though. :","amusement"
"Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.","disappointment"
"This guy - you win.","approval"
"I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything","neutral"
"What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs","annoyance"
"Meryn fucking Trant? Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.","anger"
"Drunk [NAME] sounds like something I want to see","curiosity"
"> since every character with a shield gets one Except Glad","neutral"
"Lmao god damn","amusement"
"I’m gay, so let’s hope this works! I look better clean shaven lmao. Thanks! ","amusement"
"good looks guys","optimism"
"You went two months without eating it, you deserved to eat it until you felt full. Don't worry, you deserved that meal.","approval"
"Lol, wut","amusement"
"Having a friend helped me","caring"
"Will try. Thank you","gratitude"
"Ew. Being raped is not getting laid","disapproval"
"I mean she's a capitalist too. Not saying the accusations aren't rooted in sexism but like how about we just stop having rich people...","neutral"
"I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history","annoyance"
"Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.","amusement"
"For those as confused as I was, this is DeKalb County, Illinois, not DeKalb County, Georgia","neutral"
"His sister likes his Cox","neutral"
"Yes. The citizen received no “direct benefit or gain”. This is being looked at like someone paying for our lunch.","joy"
"You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.","anger"
"No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry","disappointment"
"Remember: lie, cheat, steal and listen to heavy metal music!","neutral"
"Super [NAME] told me [NAME] was crap though and that [NAME] was far better :(","desire"
"Whaaaat? I thought it was a perfectly normal childhood disease that posed no threat whatsoever! Why is she scared?","curiosity"
"Have a little faith [NAME] 🤠","desire"
"Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.","gratitude"
"If you succeed at killing yourself you can't attempt it many more times.","neutral"
"Seeing how I was as a teen and how most teens are, nope! Dont want to deal with that.","disapproval"
"As a Dolphins fan this hurts me","disappointment"
"I'm going to try and have this mindset ... I wanna eat slower","neutral"
"She was behind sesta/fosta just recently. Which has done more to censor thr internet than the net neutrality that everyone freaks out on. This is terrible news.","neutral"
"From super smash bros melee?","curiosity"
"Yes YES #YES","neutral"
"Her first release, Hello, I'm Dolly, holds up, and Dumb Blonde is probably my favourite [NAME].","admiration"
"*crying* I only created this user 2 days ago and I have to wait 30 days to create subreddit UGGGGGHHHHH","annoyance"
"I gave undeliverable perishables to a local fire department before","neutral"
"Rapists can have parental rights in some states, assuming they find him.","neutral"
"But you get the chance to learn something everyday :)","neutral"
"That was a long read but it was worth it, good on you lot for sorting it out and winning the case","optimism"
"If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards","annoyance"
"No, sex is a reward, and he doesn't deserve it.","anger"
"I mean hes been coat tailing, might as well make it obvious","anger"
"Can a mediocre bot invent Facebook?","neutral"
"No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go","disapproval"
"Yeah, all of their SB's have been really entertaining. Nothing worse than an SB like the Seahawks-Broncos from 5 years ago.","disappointment"
"3/10 bad troll","neutral"
"You're going to have to make that simpler for my tiny brain to understand","confusion"
"If this is a medical situation the analogy still applies 🙄","neutral"
"Not to mention [NAME] screening two defenders haha","amusement"
"My partner told them subtly no thank you. They won't let go.","neutral"
"[NAME] as a coach. That definitely doesn't make me feel old.","neutral"
"When Sub-Zero is revealed to have red accents, we will officially have a problem.","nervousness"
"No. These are the people who loved someone with BPD, but got used/abused/abandoned by them. It's mostly romantic relationships. Family tends to be on r/raisedbyborderlines. ","disapproval"
"Someone here is in denial, and it ain’t the daugther. ","neutral"
"Ah yes, the standard midwestern transplant rite of passage. “THIS ISNT COLD LOL IM FROM WESHUBEKAUAN MINNESOTA AND YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA WHAT COLD IS”","annoyance"
"It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer ","disapproval"
"Trespass *with* the college students. Probably ones with their boobs flailing about, and didn't want his wife to catch wind.","neutral"
"That's crazy, my brother's cat did the same thing with me last year when I got the flu. She's usually pretty distant","neutral"
"Thanks so much for typing out such an expansive, detailed response!","gratitude"
"He also had a huge game. He was taking advantage of [NAME]. So without him this game isn’t even that close.","neutral"
"I think my worry would be if another dog attacks mine, they wouldn't be able to defend themselves","nervousness"
"I love lamp.","love"
"I hate this self-defeating bullshit. Yes, of course you can lose weight. Everyone can. Literally everyone.","optimism"
"Ugh I've had my mirena for a few years. I get none of bleeding and all of the cramps","approval"
"I like the name mummied the best so far","amusement"
"Same.... I'm just perplexed","approval"
"In this case, I don't see a problem. OP's post can stay.","neutral"
"It's harder to find a decent picture of him","sadness"
"General population are scared of press","fear"
"Liberal circlejerk “ o ya those conservatives suck” 10,000 upvotes","annoyance"
"thanks for the warning :)","gratitude"
"Not only do they make me cringe, I become angry because usually or is my nmother and her flying monkey daughter posting them. Just horrible.","anger"
"[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.","admiration"
"They play loud trap music.","neutral"
"Thanks for the encouragement and sharing. It is nice not looking at it every 2 hours!","approval"
"Undying thirst for power: Camela Harass.","neutral"
"I liked how in the video the [NAME] picked him up and held him a little. Pretty Wholesome¯_(ツ)_/¯","admiration"
"I do know not one neighbor looked out to check on us because they told me....","neutral"
"I'm always happy to have you in my box.","joy"
"Yeah fair, plus this sub tends to go hard in different directions so it becomes extra hard to know if someone really is just that far gone.","approval"
"Pretty sure you could do that with a cargo ship too, so I'm not sure I buy that argument.","optimism"
"Nothing personal against you. Thanks for explaining your intentions, though.","gratitude"
"I actually felt my ballsack jump up a bit when he face planted","realization"
"Gonna be at the game! Let's get this win boys!","joy"
"4! The sweetest year.","approval"
"I would not recommend that, as communication is very important in this game. But whatever floats your boat I guess.","confusion"
"Hell yea brother, Charlotsvile car attacker did nothing wrong Lets see how quick they scream hate speech","annoyance"
"Thank you! I’ll give it a listen tonight😊","gratitude"
"Tell her boyfriend and send him the screenshots of her saying she’s having affairs for proof. Then cut this toxic person out of your life!","neutral"
">they mark agencies with a sense of history even if they look a little weird Queue Michigan State Police Cars","neutral"
"Someone has never seen a flop before","neutral"
"Oh so you're not even a believer..Yeah, there is nothing for us to discuss. Thanks though.","annoyance"
"I'm glad :)","joy"
">I hope that really incredible sex is in your future. Thank you. Also, you should write fortune cookies! ","gratitude"
"Awesome! Congratulations. That is a nice investment.","admiration"
"Doing homework and paying attention in class? Sounds like ADHD.","neutral"
"BT In the commentary booth: "Where's your god [NAME]?" As she's being mauled by a lion","neutral"
"My life is complete","joy"
"You freakin wizard, I love this. ","love"
"29 and 39. Didn’t get to see my fathers parents for too long. I definitely got my condition from my Father.","neutral"
"It's actually insane how she looks like [NAME].","sadness"
"U/scottgal - thank you! Coming from southern US, wanted to make sure!","gratitude"
"Yep. In Sixth grade a boy named [NAME] just stabbed me in the stomach with a pencil.","approval"
"Thank you for giving my Zumba songs some context","gratitude"
"You know, I’m something of a friend myself","approval"
"I personally resent the RCA's centralization of conversion authority within the orthodox world. That's what I meant. Unrelated, I love your flair.","approval"
"Democrat politician, my bad should have specified. We are mostly all “liberals” here even if we’ve been alienated on this issue.","pride"
"Are you serious?","confusion"
"I think he meant to say that it wouldn't be efficient to build a mic with a SoC built-in.","neutral"
"Well obviously not. Some people have higher tolerances than others. That’s a fact. I don’t know what else to tell you.","neutral"
"I feel the same way. I wasn't depressed when we lost.","neutral"
"Wallah Lmao It's "voila"","amusement"
"my screen is 10 years old so the graphics are also horrible","annoyance"
"I'm just salty man. I hate playing Houston. I'm sure it's a nice place to live.","anger"
"It still amazes how many people on this show and family by the ton can do perfect splits lol","amusement"
"a PG that shoots 41% on free throws? pass. would much rather have jrue if we're shitposting","annoyance"
"[NAME]: "Wait a minute? You're on my list!" [NAME]: "What a coincidence, you're on mine too."","neutral"
"Idk why everyone's being obnoxious. I thought this was a good post, OP.","approval"
"Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).","remorse"
"there's a thai restaurant in my husband's hometown that makes pad thai delicious enough to make me cry. i look forward to it every time we visit","admiration"
"There's absolutely no question personality effects the outcome of an interaction, however a personality can not make up for lack of physical attraction.","neutral"
"Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).","neutral"
"In the voice of [NAME] from The Office "Incorrect. You didn't *Pin* anyone"","neutral"
"It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis","embarrassment"
"There's no better way to make yourself miserable than by comparing yourself to others.","embarrassment"
"He chose to live as long as possible until pneumonia took him out. People should have the choice not to live until the very end.","neutral"
"Besides, you have no clue which ones I have and haven't done. ","neutral"
"Would you like a friend? I sure could use one.","approval"
"I was wishing the same!","optimism"
"If you're worried about cost, getting a double edged safety razor is a much better choice, also way better for the environment.","caring"
"You can also send one of us a Reddit private message with your handle on Twitter if you don't want to out yourself too loudly here.","neutral"
"What's so special with 144hz?","curiosity"
"But it'll hurt","sadness"
"Who is this Wild team? Where have they been?","confusion"
"Nice melt bra","admiration"
"For fucking real. That is not normal behavior for anyone over the age of 15 and it's totally cringey","annoyance"
"Great anime though. [NAME] awesome.","admiration"
"As wholesome as that is... How is that a confession? That's casual discussion.","neutral"
"Wow, the interview with her mom really made that clip.","surprise"
"What if he was deaf?","curiosity"
"Repost with a better title","disappointment"
"That’s so great! Congratulations to you as well!","gratitude"
"Yeah is saw that. Poor [NAME] :D","neutral"
"He only has 1 cap in a friendly but that's fine. Just can't play in a competitive international match.","realization"
"Call ambulance or police for a wellness check but make HER pay the ambulance fees/ callout fees, not OP. it should teach her real fast.","annoyance"
"I didn’t think of that, thank you!","gratitude"
"Kid looks like he's about to cry","sadness"
"Loved seeing [NAME] play for us, but definitely excited to see what [NAME] can do.","admiration"
"How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling","neutral"
"hes doing it for his kid","approval"
"you couldn't make a more unsubstantiated claim even if you tried","neutral"
"There's the room for [NAME].","neutral"
"it always depends on person and dosage. get products with only dex youll thank yourself for it.","gratitude"
"No one does","neutral"
"I too live in logan square and cant for life of me find it on this map","approval"
"*thinks about all of those hours on GTA* [chuckles] I’m in danger","neutral"
"Lucky for you. I haven't been able to watch Oneyplays since [NAME] and [NAME] left. It's just not the same.","admiration"
"That's when you slow down and engage troll mode :))","neutral"
"I got a bipolar vibe.","neutral"
"that made me feel bad for nw","remorse"
"The SATs are taken on weekends, it's a standardized test that's used for university applications and not a regular school thing.","neutral"
"When her daughter says she wants to take all the weight from her and put it on her own body so her mom can go outside and play 😢❤️😢","neutral"
"Lol, exactly what a failure would say.","confusion"
"Tech hobbyist scifi fan (me): That fridge is going to get hacked","anger"
"Nope, it’s what you said. If 17 isn’t a child then what are they?","confusion"
"I swear y’all will spin it anyway to make it seem like nylander is doing everything correctly lmao","amusement"
"[NAME] is an arrogant schmuk but he’s good at what he does.","admiration"
"The guy just loves drama","love"
"So many insecure balding guys itt.","annoyance"
"Did you guys notice that one of the headlines on the magazine from the last act said "A real life marvel" I loved that little detail honestly","admiration"
"Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.","caring"
"I feel [NAME] and [NAME] got off the boat but that's just my opinion though.","confusion"
"Stop gaslighting. It's gross.","disapproval"
"I hope it was somebody else's.","optimism"
"I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable. ","joy"
"I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone","approval"
"[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out","disappointment"
"It is a very good opportunity for him to learn not to care so much about his hair.","approval"
"I should be back tomorrow according to your GM","neutral"
"I bet you that’s what will happen, which pisses me off.","nervousness"
"That’s awesome news! Welcome to the family!","admiration"
"Who are these outraged [NAME] women?!","disgust"
"Makes me wish we had a hero that could slow time like the tested Lucio Ult people were talking about in here.","neutral"
"I though [NAME] was the offensive guru? Why would he get an established guy who has an offense?","neutral"
"Also pretty fantastic in Good Girls Revolt","admiration"
"Cheers! :)","neutral"
"Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.","anger"
"Oh for sure. Hopefully all 4 make the play offs. Pretty sure Leinster are nearly there already, the absolute madlads.","optimism"
"You need professional help for that level of paranoia.","caring"
"/[NAME]","neutral"
"Omg that’s a perfect idea! I obviously want to avoid the stalker thing but I do love basketball and understand it so this seems possible","excitement"
"I can't yo! Food might fly out his tooth- hole! 🤮🤣","disgust"
"This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!","admiration"
"Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.","disappointment"
"I'm really excited for this. I loved the sense of adventure / danger in Sunless Seas.","excitement"
"I've met very few "bad" people in my life. Most people I arrest are ok people who made unfortunate mistakes.","realization"
"trashy comment.","neutral"
"Can these be made so in the future it could be made even higher? Like adding an additional 15 feet or so? Would be cool...","desire"
"Don't think we should be stomping all over people's bodily autonomy just so public health authorities can declare victory.","disapproval"
"Huh I would figure the Royce's have been lost in the shuffle of thousands of characters introduced since Waymar, rather than a late bloomer.","realization"
"Asshole w cash amount","annoyance"
"Sold bridges and essential oils?? Please elaborate on this reference man. I ask because it’s hilarious and I’d love for it to be original","amusement"
"Here we go again I hate [NAME] *becomes a Dodger* I mean I love [NAME]","anger"
"i love this subreddit","love"
"No. It’s not. This is disgusting behavior and anyone who supports it is a fool.","anger"
"If being bisexual means I'm in a cult, I'm kind of pissed because I haven't received my cult robes yet.","disgust"
"All voting has all sorts of problems. Struggling to find a point to your post.","neutral"
"Damn. That’s profound. Did you graduate from Harvard?","admiration"
"Air traffic controllers are responsible for 100,000x the amount of lives. Should they be getting paid more? I'm not sure this is the best argument to make. ","disapproval"
"Again, “citing Buzzfeed news”... I stand by what I said!","approval"
"Interest rates seem crazy low. It doesn't seem worth it to lend anything except DAI.","neutral"
"Facilities that serve free food to poverty/low-income people. Tax breaks or etc.","neutral"
"If you don't know how/where to find a source for that you clearly aren't very well read on the subject.","annoyance"
"Oo! OO!! I know this one... ME!","excitement"
"From red deer as well. Don't worry not all of us are ignorant and hateful.","anger"
"What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube","fear"
"Wait what’s wrong with [NAME] lol I’ve never had any problems listening to him personally","approval"
"Fake smile always gives dopamine/happiness to deal with stress","neutral"
"He looks so young without a beard/moustache though.","neutral"
"Wow, that's incredible. I love the 4 quadrants idea! But the name of the business is so misleading...","excitement"
"Ugh, I have 2 cats as well and I wish for this every single day. I am, so far, constantly disappointed.","disappointment"
"I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless. ","disapproval"
"how much money can the raptors offer [NAME]? Can he get a supermax here in toronto after this season?","confusion"
"I can be hard on KAT at times but boy am I glad he signed here for 5 more years","admiration"
"Hi furious, I'm dad!","neutral"
"At least we know they have good taste","approval"
"[NAME] Edit: but certainly LP deflated there","neutral"
"I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.","joy"
"This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!","joy"
"haha, rape","neutral"
"Nice, congrats!","admiration"
"Maybe you can't, but plenty of other people would be able to.","confusion"
"May he rest easy, as for future officers to carry on his legacy, never forget his sacrifice.","approval"
"You ask such great questions!","neutral"
"Wouldn't the powder be derived from the crystalline MDMA?","neutral"
"Mercy. Keep in mind St. Lukes ER is non trama.","neutral"
"Tropical Oasis Liquid Multivitamin. Amazing stuff.","admiration"
"Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::","relief"
"Me neither weeds is bad","approval"
"That's so creepy","neutral"
"I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~","approval"
"That’s awesome! VPD and the Mounties should do the same here.","admiration"
"I think this is my favourite one ever.","love"
"Well...yeah. It did.","approval"
"I'm with you. I'd like one too.","caring"
"Reason number 1523648856 PFF is trash no one should take seriously","realization"
"I think making fun of him will just piss him off.","annoyance"
"Actually surprised it's still going. It was fairly fun from what I remember, albeit a bit rough around the edges.","realization"
"Yeah knew that as well but i dont know wich color is the best to use though. Is purple the best choice?","confusion"
"Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all. ","disapproval"
"Found the checher","neutral"
"Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.","approval"
"It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help","optimism"
"It was always kind of a consideration when I did have opening and closing blinds. None of them problems anymore.","approval"
"all 10’s left tbh hoping for a clarity win, we found love second, rather be third, and titanium fourth","neutral"
"Penguins on a 7 game heater, big game here boys","realization"
"Like Palestine only larger.","neutral"
"Yikes on the sauce!!","surprise"
"Ask over at r/NewTubers","neutral"
"Also do something special no matter how corny it might be to reward yourself. You deserve it friend!","admiration"
"[NAME] loves you. If you are a [NAME] then he forgives you. I like this by [NAME]","admiration"
"Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.","annoyance"
"Sucks that [NAME] was a straight positive in important minutes and hasn’t seen the floor since..","disgust"
"100%. Please ignore him. He's annoying af and survives off attention","annoyance"
"It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!","admiration"
"Tell me more about this policy. They still fire here for defending yourself.","fear"
"You’re good, no worries","caring"
"Haha! Do it.","joy"
"How about a downvote for the update?","neutral"
"I feel the same man. Keep going bro!","neutral"
"Most people in Hong Kong hate "One Country ,Two Systems" for Hong Kong. There's no way they'd wish the same fate for Taiwan.","neutral"
"Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams","joy"
"Certain mental health issues can be smelled on a person; by all accounts, schizophrenia makes a person's sweat smell like goat","neutral"
"whhat rene with that hair an...he is the mayor???","surprise"
"This is not a “dank” meme you normie","disapproval"
"I agree. I've been passively thinking that the left and right axis is irrelevant. Its north and south that divides","approval"
"Super weird question. Not really commenting either way, just so weird the life we have created for modern humans.","neutral"
"There it is. I knew I wasn't the only one bothered by this.","realization"
"The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.","remorse"
">putz Is he [NAME]? I would've not voted for him if I knew that.","confusion"
"U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum","anger"
"Does everyones dad/grandpa have this exact one? Mine do.","neutral"
"Thanks for the sharing your information.","gratitude"
"Looks fun up there","joy"
"Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]","annoyance"
"[NAME] article the other day was below contempt. Don't know what I expected tbh.","confusion"
"Can anyone else feel that girls eyes slowly stealing your soul?","neutral"
"Everything in here I want but all we can do is pray to [NAME] for our wishes to come true","neutral"
"That's not really a solid method.","disapproval"
"wanna high key low key high key slide into [NAME] DMs even though I'm literally distraught at him and [NAME] separating","disapproval"
"How can a picture hurt?","curiosity"
"Still annoying.","annoyance"
"I guessed this","optimism"
"Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.","approval"
"Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month","amusement"
"I can see that","approval"
"OMG, is this the one that wore white? 😳","surprise"
"You’re right, my bad","approval"
"He's most likely been misinformed","neutral"
"It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]","love"
"Can we not say "Team [NAME]" or "Team [NAME]" etc. That's too close to us style politics for my likes...","curiosity"
"[NAME] funny, girl.. not so much ","joy"
"You’re meant for Chicago :)","neutral"
"yeah fuck you too okay","anger"
"Stick with us. If only for one more day. Then let’s try again tomorrow.","neutral"
"Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.","approval"
"I um like your username","love"
"Either they don’t understand the meta context of it, or aren’t fans of such a meta ending.","confusion"
"Wait..whaaa? :D","neutral"
"Lol sounds great but that's probably not what the OP wants to hear 😉","admiration"
"Lets call it what it is - grooming.","neutral"
"nah it takes it a lot more than one time, I reckon you'll be fine considering your aware of the risk","caring"
"Df1 masterrace. Noctis on 3 bar is bullshit though.","anger"
"You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting","joy"
"You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .","caring"
"Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.","amusement"
"My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.","admiration"
"You do eat off them in very special situations","neutral"
"Siblings growing apart is a natural part of life. Unless your close in age then it's almost certainly bound to happen and that's fine.","approval"
"Ah yes of course, how could I have been such a Horseshoe crab!","realization"
"Idgaf anymore. I lost all hope in moids. I'll keep looksmaxxing for myself.","neutral"
"Thanks, Now I hate you, and will have dreams about this tonight.... Just what I needed","annoyance"
"I didn’t know that existed. Thanks, stranger.","gratitude"
"Probably it is a lot less memorable for those rich guys since they eat this type of stuff so often it stops being a special experience altogether.","neutral"
"The teacher apologised profusely, but nobody could hear due to the deafening applause. ","neutral"
"World politics you ARE the media","neutral"
"I read it as him taking her virginity. Raping her...unless it was consensual and she WANTED to lose it.","realization"
"You seem fun","joy"
"I feel like I'm watching a scene in an action movie but with penguins","joy"
"Making my bold prediction now. [NAME] finishes #1 RB in 1/2 PPR for 2019.","optimism"
"Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.","sadness"
"He wanted to make a fake foul.he didn't know it was nacho","neutral"
"Ladies and gentlemen","neutral"
"One elite run stopper please thanks","gratitude"
"You know, when I think of democracy, the first thing that comes to mind is best 2:3... Errr... 3:5.….. uhmm... I mean 5:7... /**S**","neutral"
"Does it say how many servings are in the bucket? I'm really hungry.","curiosity"
"Yeah maybe but when you are like 'cool, no worries' and actually mean it your chances with another girl dramatically increase. ","neutral"
"You're not going to get anywhere with these kids, mate. Reddit is being astroturfed.","neutral"
"If I went to a party and they had SFV I would cry of happiness.","excitement"
"It was like he suddenly realised he couldn't claim that a product both had no effects and beneficial effects at the same time","realization"
"Shotgun! But do I get to play with all the buttons too?","neutral"
"I’m feeling the same about the nets and hornets. I’m only worried the hornets can’t cover","fear"
"I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.","annoyance"
"I love her so much","love"
"She might be a [NAME] but she ain't my Waifu ARTEMIS FOREVER SUCKERS","neutral"
"[NAME] a real surgeon now!","curiosity"
"I never disappoint, just ask your mother. ;)","neutral"
"Never remove an object larger then a nail if it gets stuck inside you, that’s a job for a doctor","neutral"
"I just came off of watching all of his movies. Dear [NAME]. I love and hate them at the same time.","admiration"
"Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.","gratitude"
"I learned about [NAME] about 1749485 times in medical school lmao Soap helped a ton but it just did not cut it after a while","neutral"
"You are very welcome. Happy growing. Keep in touch with your success.","joy"
"It’s more important to document it for karma.","neutral"
"Wow you summed it up perfectly. Where can I find one of these rare specimens?","curiosity"
"“Enjoy your dinner”","approval"
"Your meme is bad and you should feel bad","annoyance"
"You called yourself a Met fan. THAT is embarrassing. Edit: called themselves a Met fan and didn’t know who [NAME] was AMD disrespected him.","annoyance"
"Can you snap a picture of that pinky in your butthole, friend? ","curiosity"
"I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now","approval"
"LETS GO BOYS!!","neutral"
"Then enjoy it for as long as it's fun. When it stops being fun, go find somebody else.","caring"
"To me it’s sounds like he is trying to find fault in her to make himself feel better about leaving her.","disapproval"
"Had my suspicions but didn't want to mindread such a civilized honest actor.","disapproval"
"Stunning considering you have the exact same opinion.","joy"
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the "I drive better while high"","neutral"
"Thanks bud, hope it’s a great one!","gratitude"
"lmao she WHAT","amusement"
"I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]","love"
"Cool, Ill check it out. Thanks","gratitude"
"I don't want PR to vote because they'll vote blue. I want them to vote because they deserve the right to have representation.","neutral"
"Just made some Ham and Lima Beans with those. You are very correct ...","approval"
"This would have been a perfect test of those Katyushua rocket water dispensers.","realization"
"So what's so funny about what you just said?","curiosity"
"The conversion go muscle probably helped, considering the size of them. I'm super happy for you dude, you've done amazingly!","admiration"
"I used it for a while. It made me way more sociable and generally happier, optimistic Less anxious and stuck up Until it didnt, so enjoy it while it lasts","approval"
"i swear i've seen this on a poster somewhere at my school, it's awful","sadness"
"This sub needs a damn support group for people that were personally victimized by [NAME]","neutral"
"Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.","disappointment"
"This made me chuckle","joy"
"OMG, im on hype.","excitement"
"I have been really close friends with her for over a year so I don't think that is the problem. I appreciate the comment though thank you.","gratitude"
"being mentally ill =/= crazy","disapproval"
"Happy MLK day","joy"
"It is a great line though!","approval"
"I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.","annoyance"
"UGH those two championship games - so many highs and lows then the ultimate high @ the end","excitement"
"We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.","confusion"
"We’re honouring good King Billy. That’s also how we decided which [NAME] brother to buy.","gratitude"
"Damn liberals!","annoyance"
"You are AMAZING. I especially love the woman !! :)","excitement"
"1:30-4:30 it’s completely dead. You sometimes get late lunch orders at 1 or early dinners but that’s it.","annoyance"
"Although strange sounding at first, the objective names from BF1 really grew on me. ","neutral"
"The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.","neutral"
"Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.","admiration"
"SHE. IS. THE. FUCKING. WORST. P.S. You’re not fat, you just need a stylist. 🙄","anger"
"Always gotta have a scapegoat so your chosen economic ideology doesn't look bad!","amusement"
"HUGE RED FLAG. Don't ignore it!","caring"
"I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.","neutral"
"What’s weird is. I never miss anyone. Like, ever.","disapproval"
"I’m so sorry 🤪","sadness"
"Go to your room!","neutral"
"I think not including a question about favorability of [NAME] was a missed opportunity, given the questions are clearly written by someone involved in the rationalist community.","optimism"
"The irony here is i agree, but [NAME] is capable of doing it in a bad tank meta. That guy really needs a look at, lol.","amusement"
"That’s up for debate...you won’t be able to pick it up after the first two episodes.","disapproval"
"Even in Star Trek they have $, they just dont really talk about it. The point is basic needs are so trivial","neutral"
"So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!","disappointment"
"I dm'ed you","neutral"
"I live downtown and walk around at odd hours of the night all the time. Love the empty and abandoned feel of the city.","admiration"
"And here I thought it was just my phone... damn what a horrible site.","realization"
"What? /s","neutral"
"can you send the patch notes? i cant ever find them online.","curiosity"
"That’s better:-) now go get em tiger","joy"
"Yeh your right a bitter parra fan, have fun with norms him a bell end will get on fine","amusement"
"Complete opposite for me. I lied about being at a friends how while I was sitting there talking to my recruiter.","disappointment"
"How is this long AF? It's like 20 seconds reading.","surprise"
"Even his practice kick on the ice timeout barely squeaked over from just 43 yards","neutral"
"he's still alive?? didn't he die?","neutral"
"Just gotta stop overthinking. Try meditation. That helps control your thoughts better.","caring"
"I love assault","love"
"78% of child decisions goes to the mom.","neutral"
"Great, but we can't just assume that that's the case and allow everyone to DevientArt the whole subreddit","admiration"
"What a journey.","joy"
"Ask and you shall receive. Thanks man","neutral"
"Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol","admiration"
""you can't arrest me!! I'm attractive!"","admiration"
"Thanks. I'm contacting them now.","gratitude"
"Still love you [NAME], get well soon :'(","caring"
"I didn’t know this was a thing, thanks!","disapproval"
"Uh no. He hates [NAME]. Not in A kayfabe way. He doesn't like [NAME] at all.","anger"
"But the best part is the struggle snuggle as we like to call it.","admiration"
"They’re words and they’re hilarious","joy"
"Go buy some stand-offs. The stop the ladder from falling sideways.","neutral"
"There are a few. I've gotten a couple messages. Thanks for the support but people judging my throwaway account... who cares?","curiosity"
"[NAME] is a murderer,a psychopath and he wants just to kill him","anger"
"22 hours and emailed support an hour ago, no answer yet. Will update here on progress.","neutral"
"You can. I've used my Kroger-linked phone number while travelling to other states with success.","optimism"
"Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.","anger"
"Don't know how that was missed. Tragic really. Considering the title.","disappointment"
"At least she can eat Abel or something so we don't have to worry about feeding her.","disappointment"
"Thank you! I suddenly see the benefits of Fahrenheit.","gratitude"
"Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.","nervousness"
"Mmmm....bacon point","neutral"
"The struggle is real","joy"
"The problem with writing vague laws in 2012 and then implementing then in 2017 is that things are huge changes that have taken place in that time.","disapproval"
"Truly a blessed day for you! Shine on!","caring"
"Unite us. Unite the clans.","approval"
"I think there is a reality to that. Some of the focus has shifted to policing the language at the expense of dealing with more fundamental issues.","approval"
"Trust me dude, switch to stick deodorant and cologne.","admiration"
"I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.","desire"
"Too little too late! [NAME] is guilty of still making songs with [NAME].....","disappointment"
"Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!","caring"
"If you google translate it means “nugget” which I find hilarious.","amusement"
"Which doesn't fit with the fact that they built massive bathrooms during the construction of Hogwarts.","neutral"
"TBH she kind of brought it on herself. I'm glad the GM came to his senses.","joy"
"Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.","caring"
"I fell like you're being willfully ignorant of reality.","disapproval"
"It just kind of naturally happens. I've actually had a spontaneous switch in two different relationships, though.","neutral"
"bet he loves to slow dance","love"
"You've shifted the goalposts from first novel to first modern novel... You people always complain that incels don't provide any support for their claims.","neutral"
"Religion is different. It's not just facts and information.","approval"
"Uber is fun and cheap.","excitement"
"I was talking about fMRI neurofeedback (sorry - left out that word):","remorse"
"You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up","caring"
"But those other jobs are what allow the engine of US imperialism to keep running, and keep destroying innocent people's lives all around the world. ","annoyance"
"My first name is her first name I mean, not my reddit name. ","neutral"
"Anybody else feel super weird when you see your dad get hurt? It’s a weird thing to see","annoyance"
"Or at least it could have been, but the pic is gone :(","sadness"
"You’re a good neighbor and a good person.","admiration"
"If this is the kind of game you enjoy, you should REALLY check out Blades in the Dark!","approval"
"Excited for this project to be finished when I retire in 30 something years.","excitement"
"I don’t care about this mission Texas stuff","disappointment"
"Laughed my balls off","amusement"
"Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.","disappointment"
"Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides","annoyance"
"Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though","caring"
"[NAME] 😂 I’m sorry they weren’t as expected but thank you for sharing! I had a good giggle.","neutral"
">"ad" nauseum I see what you did there.","annoyance"
"You’re crazy. The 2nd half adjustments that put them back in the game is why they belonged in the game.","excitement"
"let me emphasize that word *storing* not eating out of","neutral"
"oh is that it","realization"
"It more effective if you do it in person","neutral"
"We can't let the 8 year olds who are playing an M rated game see all of this bad language!!","disapproval"
"I did some social media snooping since I posted this. Turns out they’re both not retired at 25. Go figure.","annoyance"
"Organs are literal superfoods and it weirds me out there hasn't been some fad diet with them yet.","annoyance"
"😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!","admiration"
"That's a new one.... Wouldn't have lasted long in my room though, lol. ","amusement"
"So true! My brain always goes to these places when buying a car...","approval"
"Are they dead? I don’t recall this bit of the Nativity play.","curiosity"
"I don’t like [NAME] very much either, but she’s not a mess here. ","annoyance"
"So it gets flipped to him being corrupt when he doesnt side with [NAME] as I said.","neutral"
"*pat pat* they will all be fine","caring"
"Sorry, can you translate that to English for me?","curiosity"
"I always hope that a woman will ask me out...next time it happens will be the first.","optimism"
"but the question is if they want to rapidly increase their volume. Maybe they're ok with current state of things.","neutral"
"In other news; Water is still wet.","approval"
"From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in","annoyance"
"She must have turned 25 recently","neutral"
"From barrel to a tank! Great job! :)","admiration"
"makes no sense, troll harder","annoyance"
"for how long, you arent fucking with me?","anger"
"I'll bite. What's your story?","neutral"
"Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it. ","disapproval"
"here","neutral"
"Reminds me of this classic","optimism"
"> mopey?Like Droopy? Ah well maybe","approval"
"**Ask Permission** from me and I will tell them yes or no.","neutral"
"haha, actually haha","amusement"
"Me and my girlfriend were holding down the harmonies in section 8 YOURE WELCOME EVERYONE 😂😂","neutral"
"Amazing bot, you’re doing great sweetie ","admiration"
"I like this a lot","love"
"Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere","amusement"
"That's one of the reasons why I'm wary 😂","realization"
"Terrorism is the systematic use of violence to achieve a political goal. [NAME] has not used violence.","anger"
"She's a weekend mother at best.","admiration"
"You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.","disappointment"
"Their wings are great! Huge, well breaded and sauced, comes with a nice dill ranch dipping sauce. But expensive as hell... $14 for 6 wings","admiration"
"Makes us wonder what its going to be like for my children's generation..","admiration"
"This is amazing","joy"
"Motherfu... thanks for pointing that out!","anger"
"Good luck mate!","gratitude"
"also that fiat (if paid in Bolivares) will quickly depreciate in a week","sadness"
"[NAME] damn it","anger"
"I see - thank you for the insight.","gratitude"
"It's better to say a moment like that could truly ignite her love for the game rather than putting a bit of a damper on it.","love"
"I dont need Antidepressants, i need good friends","optimism"
"Apparently not successfully.","neutral"
"Assert your dominance and start posting cisphobic memes because they're "spot on and true"","neutral"
"Damn this is dope","disgust"
"that's a pretty cool box art. Shame the beetle's hand isn't actually wrapped around the stick though.","admiration"
"most of the time i have my phone in my hand so i can always look there when walking past people gets too uncomfortable :|","approval"
"Yep, this cunt again.","annoyance"
"Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!","caring"
"Yes. Some things are simply not allowed.","neutral"
"Just scrolling through their sub, they seem to be upset they lost [NAME]. Hope he’s the right guy for the job","neutral"
"Feeling tacky ? You already working for [NAME] - might as well play the part haha","amusement"
"The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.","neutral"
"> To say NDP foreign policy consistently supports non-interventionism is absurd Um, [NAME], OP never said that. He only referred to this one specific situation. ","neutral"
"no you should try again","caring"
"Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!","neutral"
"That's awesome to hear :)","admiration"
"Autistic space AIDS","neutral"
"Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.","sadness"
"Same.. If I'm particularly stressed out someone just walking down the same road as me feels like they're invading my space.","nervousness"
"imagine if this was a league youtuber. HOW TO GET FROM IRON 4 TO PLAT 1 INSTANTLY, ABUSE THIS BEFORE IT GETS FIXED!!!","curiosity"
"What did I ever do to you?","curiosity"
"[NAME] AND PORZINGOD UNDER THE TUTILAGE OF DADDY DIRK PINCH ME I MUST BE DREAMING","confusion"
"Merrily merrily merrily merrily something something scream... (I am not creative)","neutral"
"but but TIME IS MONEY right?","neutral"
"it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10","amusement"
"[NAME], I don’t miss that guy. ","disappointment"
"Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.","admiration"
"I dont think it will happen cuz he will probs just stay in GS or go LA with/ against [NAME] but I do think he should look into it.","confusion"
"Why is this so common? I have a dream and then remember it a couple of weeks later.","neutral"
"I love the bus so much.","love"
"I tried my best, but my best was never enough. Thank you.","gratitude"
"i meant that either one has no scientific backing and was just made by random people, knowing how much people love lables","neutral"
"News flash scrims don’t mean shit.","approval"
"A big ole pot of chili! And cornbread muffins. Also planning to brew some kombucha.","neutral"
"But instead of dunking on [NAME] they're dunking on [NAME]","neutral"
"a must win game if we have any ambitions for 8th seed, even with [NAME]. any news on him & jsimms?","curiosity"
"Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance ","remorse"
"You forgot shinobi","realization"
"“So a guy cusses you out for lowballing him...”","neutral"
"Thanks for the advice. It does presuppose that I am able to have that conversation with him though. Will give some thought to how to do it.","approval"
"Except that he's doing it because there's an election quickly approaching.","disapproval"
"Except pets are family & love and maternal instincts aren't finite.","caring"
"I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.","neutral"
"Sorry, you misread. I thought you'd written "why had they done that". IIRC, it's in the report they published. ","neutral"
"Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff","anger"
"Wrong. Im a [NAME].","neutral"
"I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.","joy"
"Females would be pressured the other way obviously","annoyance"
"These stories make me glad that I have a job that doesn't require social interaction besides my boss and coworkers.","excitement"
"I have the same lighter! It’s one of my faves. Just bout some Christmas themed ones too 😂","approval"
"Oh, gotcha. I have a friend with unipolar depression who does have memory issues, so yes, that can happen during depression too.","disappointment"
"Is this the best a man can get?","neutral"
"[NAME] steals the game! (and the puck for bouncing off of Detroit players)","admiration"
"Wtf is it 2015 again?","optimism"
"Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.","annoyance"
"Seems legit. Supremacy was big enough. In fact, it's hard to see the scale on screen with that size.","relief"
"Thanks for the reply. You're right though. If you make a scene about it, you might as well be tattling. Go Browns","gratitude"
"So. Damn. Greasy.","disgust"
"I haven't done enough orders yet to get anything other than money for dashes.","approval"
"Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe","neutral"
"If you have to ask "how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics" then you are clearly not ready.","disapproval"
"> 1 who was asleep [NAME]? Then who was using the phone at 9:20?","confusion"
"This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.","caring"
"I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line","optimism"
"Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.","disapproval"
"So much tininess!","surprise"
"What does scalp mean?","neutral"
"You're telling me you dont get your meth from there?","neutral"
"[NAME] gets so many chances but just can’t hit the net. I don’t get it.","confusion"
"I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.","realization"
"Dude. Don't even get me started on the only guy who can manipulate time running out of it.","disapproval"
"Also convicted of rape. Interesting quote given that context.","approval"
"Your opinion = fact, other opinions = hurt feelings. Gotcha lol","neutral"
"I like surprises.","love"
"Based on the damage","neutral"
"Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit","admiration"
"What's the goop website?","neutral"
"Yeah I was super surprised by how good Trench was, probably my top album from last year","surprise"
"...it's almost like an uber individualistic fringe political ideology does not inspire communal teamwork political action lmao.","disappointment"
"I saw that twice last year.","excitement"
"Why nothing will change at all ... lol","confusion"
"let's just forget about [NAME] performance of so emotional","neutral"
"I kinda forgot she existed before I saw that comment","neutral"
"as long as they remain indoor cats, no problem with being a cat lady. you do you ","neutral"
"Yeah. You obviously can read the mind of all the voters.","neutral"
"That's a great point that I never thought of before... possibly nobody has!","admiration"
"You literally picked out a blatant left leaning media checker to check the two sites. The irony","disapproval"
"So cute!!!!!!!!!!","admiration"
"Ohhh. [NAME] is my absolute favorite person ever. She just gets better as the season goes on. Enjoy!","admiration"
"He'd be a homewrecker if he slept with the guy. Calling out the married dude's behaviour isn't home wrecking.","neutral"
"Me too, I'm shitting myself.","neutral"
"fashion now wont age any better.. thats just the cycle of those things.","realization"
"Did you even read my comment???","neutral"
"it's quite cruel and a little late for him to be worried about hurting her","neutral"
"if it's a ghost pepper milk just tickles it. but yeah milk is better then water either way.","neutral"
"Idk how you can be definite about that considering [NAME] has never been rocked before.","confusion"
"I honestly hope you do that","optimism"
"Imagine getting woken up by it trying to beat down your door","neutral"
"Just to set up for a bigger failure story in the coming days. I think the guys at epoch times are working extra hours this weekend.","neutral"
"I'm sorry :( I hope this year ends up being incredible for you in ways you never anticipated, to make up for it. Hugs.","caring"
"r/rareinsults also i’m surprised this guy isn’t fussing over the “it’s” instead of “its”","annoyance"
"As if the sweet release of death is *worse* than getting stuck behind some idiot","disappointment"
"this looks like the start of a very ugly porno","disapproval"
"“kindness and compassion” [NAME]","neutral"
"Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off","approval"
"Fuck knows. They’ve stated both on seperate occasions. The media is all over them.","anger"
"Really? I thought this joke was a bit plane","realization"
"Get a body pillow made of yourself and give it to her as a present when she misses you she can just hug the pillow","neutral"
"2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.","disappointment"
"Your hamstering is beyond entertaining. There are tons of posts, but you can't find any?","amusement"
"[NAME] way of doing things is straight trash for [NAME] lol. The latter end of the competition being bottom is a default sometimes.","amusement"
"Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense","anger"
"I'd of pushed the little brat into the puddle, assuming I hadn't smacked him with the book","neutral"
"True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not. ","approval"
"you can’t duel yourself you walnut","neutral"
"Perhaps only if congress was also found illegitimate. Since they are the ones that approved the nominees.","curiosity"
"Good for you for shutting that door! You are not responsible for him. He’s a grown ass man who made his own mistakes.","annoyance"
"No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.","neutral"
"I forget it all the time too.","neutral"
"Well... we have a game now!","approval"
"That's not really true, people judge all the time, it's just that they're usually too busy judging themselves to judge you too. ","disappointment"
"So glad to hear they got banned. Can't believe adults can still behave like that.","disapproval"
"Exactly!! I wish she would cooperate to plan appointments like this.","approval"
"Doesn't matter if we stop, everyone else will do it. You're telling a whole world looks don't matter, yah good luck.","approval"
"The photos are haunting","neutral"
"Lol Yes Most people arent 100% either (especially women). For a variety of reasons...finding beauty in other people, curiosity, jealousy, etc...","realization"
"sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more","sadness"
"I have. Take care","caring"
"[NAME] said "Dine & Dish" you know the producers set that prank up.. and clearly didn't even get the name right","neutral"
"No it's not >:(","disapproval"
"Not sure if I'm having a woosh moment or you think I meant something else...","confusion"
"Also likely selling stolen goods too lol","amusement"
"Cheers to a better 2019 for our boys!! Can’t be much worse then 2018","optimism"
"Yeah, hah. ","approval"
"Ugh [NAME]. She reps a lot of people from the Bachelor","neutral"
"I highly doubt he's still her friend, and i would be surprised if she remained friends with [NAME] if [NAME] chooses to stay with him. ","confusion"
"Nah, I’m good, just trying to help you out. Have a good one","admiration"
"Justifying a potential rape because "it's [NAME] and she should feel thankful," Wow. ","admiration"
"Their judgement is upong [NAME]","neutral"
"One good girl is worth twenty hoes - G - Easy","admiration"
"Wow, you sure got me ","approval"
"Yeah i didn’t say i had the answers. I’m just hoping for the best","optimism"
"Wow. Never knew there were so many here.","realization"
"Wah wahooooo!","excitement"
"Hear it from his doctor. He likely only wants to take benzos because they're addictive and strong, not necessarily the most effective.","approval"
"The Sunshine Skyway Bridge? I'm near that, too, and have also thought about doing that.","approval"
"Emotions are temporary. That's why we have multiple different ones. If you were permanently happy, you'd never feel sadness or envy or anger again. ","neutral"
"That is the issue with most things, if you work there you can not win, as well as friends and family members.","disapproval"
"Nothing is free!","neutral"
"Ah I set myself up for that one. Alright you win it does look cool.","approval"
"Casual uber ad","neutral"
">It is tailored to your viewing history. That's fairly common knowledge nowadays isn't it? Weird thing for the comic to point out.","neutral"
"Ohh I love bag designs","admiration"
"So one person might have to "improve their situation" while another person's situation is fine, based on the opportunities their grandparents had. Right?","neutral"
"its funny because they dont even do anything at the look out tower but stargaze","amusement"
"I actually hope they fail since Str8 and Pittsburg are my 2 favourite teams","love"
"I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~","neutral"
"I would do it but honestly I don't have any other [RELIGION] friends.","remorse"
"Intersectionality might seem strange at first, but it really is a good framework for understanding people’s individual struggles within the context of society’s biases.","admiration"
"[NAME] don’t make up only 2% of the population though. Edit: I mis-read. I’m sorry. Please ignore this comment.","remorse"
"You think you’d go for it. Reality would probably be much different","annoyance"
"Did he died?","curiosity"
"I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India","admiration"
"Bjj= Brazilian jujitsu, they are known to have stupid think necks due to constantly being grabbed around the neck while grappling.","neutral"
"Here i am playing Daggerfall","neutral"
"This made me lol, I don't want to sound racist but.... *goes completely ham with the racism*","amusement"
"I see your "making myself undateable" and raise you a "try to make myself as dateable as possible and still fail"","neutral"
"I miss him...","caring"
"Because people want to have more than the absolute bare necessities for survival.","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] what happened?? A water main break up there😂","curiosity"
"Just curious, people keep saying fire [NAME]. And then what?","curiosity"
"Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.","approval"
"I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!","love"
"And I feel [NAME] in this Chili's tonight!","excitement"
"You know what? Let's **FUCKING DO IT!!!!**","neutral"
"I don't even find her that loud or that wild I think he's just no fun.","approval"
"These guys are playing hard to get. Gonna take off my bra, BLAST MY NIPS!","disgust"
"Coherence, The One I Love","love"
"hahahaha yeah you tell him man! fuk da police coming straight from da undagrunnn hahahah just like that song right!","amusement"
"This is either beautiful..or just about the stupidest thing I've read in weeks. Here's hoping for fantastic satire!","admiration"
"Everyone seems to forget how much he sucked as a quarterback, there’s a reason he was un drafted","sadness"
"That would increase [NAME] political power inside Turkey even more. Especially when he is getting weaker because of economic distress and refugee problem","confusion"
"I really want to know what restaurant this is. I'm picturing Fino for some reason.","curiosity"
"Awesome!!!","admiration"
"I'm a danger to myself","sadness"
"Nice job on those renders, they look great","admiration"
"Censoring criticism and discussion is a very slippery slope.","disapproval"
"[NAME]? (joke)","curiosity"
"Unexpected Funhaus?","surprise"
"No being around non judgemental people is a very possitive benefit to leaving.","neutral"
"Wow. Some people are so stupid. But if it was me I would have opened the door and at least put it inside the doorway.","annoyance"
"I did physics and maths, now in astrophysics. It's fun (except for stars, those suck).","excitement"
"Happy New Year Everybody!","gratitude"
"As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.","excitement"
"I dated a guy from Steamboat Springs Colorado who used to do this. He had an immune system made of steel but it was absolutely disgusting.","disgust"
"nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.","neutral"
"That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.","annoyance"
"The first story in the history of humanity.","excitement"
"Sorry on mobile and limited data, decided to cut to the chase","remorse"
"Everyone in this video is annoying. This seems like a terrible place to go hang out.","annoyance"
"This stresses me out way too much.","nervousness"
"Sidhu Moose Wala. He's pretty big right now","admiration"
"I THINK ITS TIME TIME TIME YEAAAAA ITS TIME TO BUY A FUTON !!!!!!","excitement"
"I couldn't let [NAME] become carver.. I regret it. [NAME] didn't deserve this, although he was fucking stupid to let his guard down","remorse"
"But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.","remorse"
"Now you'll be more cautious of that in the future. Lessons were learned today son.","realization"
"I fixed it.","neutral"
"Why don’t you just *get the fuck out* of Edmonton if you hate it so much?","anger"
"did you just use a gendered term I don't know. It just looks cute to me.","admiration"
"I think the flairs get removed if a team hasn't been to a major in a certain amount of time. Don't quote me on that though.","realization"
"Chart was clearly made by an 18 year old that thinks 30 is "old"","confusion"
"I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!","joy"
"Fuuuuuck. That’s the worst I’ve seen.","annoyance"
"No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.","disapproval"
"The funny thing is [NAME] would probably be up for it. Let's do it! LoL sAiNtS","amusement"
"Good call. Run!","admiration"
"How insulting . . . to Beavis and Butthead","caring"
"I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5","admiration"
"Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.","amusement"
"Fucking hate [NAME]..","neutral"
"don't we all hate them?","confusion"
"You should watch the “Genghis Khan” music video by [NAME], suddenly these two really look like the couple in that video 😳","approval"
"I might start watching that instead. It wouldn’t help since I don’t live there, but may restore some faith in politics.","approval"
"Anything can happen. So many upsets have happened at the PLQ. Every team is beatable.","neutral"
"I don’t get it :(","confusion"
"[NAME] you’re such a shill for this FO it isn’t even funny anymore","annoyance"
"Amazing. Professional athletes doing what they're paid to do.","admiration"
"Oh ok that makes sense then! Thanks for taking the time to explain. 😊","approval"
"And yet “50 Shades” got a major release...hmmm","neutral"
"I heard [NAME] was an absolute monster too... Jk folks","admiration"
"You have to have a high IQ to understand Rick and Morty.","neutral"
"That makes me super hesitant. I wouldn’t be upset if we end up with him but the last thing this team needs is raw players.","disapproval"
"Next up: Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head","neutral"
"Love their king onion soup! Such a gem, also they have good local wine there","love"
"Good idea!","admiration"
"Also it’s YOU’RE a fucking stupid moron. Thank u.","annoyance"
"Any rap song because I hate it","anger"
"I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY","disappointment"
"She's a pro-Assad piece of shit.","anger"
"ur really cool too! *gives you a party favor*","admiration"
"Having fuck tons of fun right now","excitement"
"Thanks. Though tbh I think some 3D characters, [NAME] etc could fit in. Though they might be some unlockable characters hidden maybe. ","confusion"
"That's very disturbing to be honest, casually admitting you'd turn to cannibalism...? Ehhh","disapproval"
"Not to be critical, but “rethuglican” is an awful one ","disgust"
"I mean, this just looks more like a case of a guy being overrated coming out of high school.","neutral"
"Everything after Phantasia can't cut it for me.","neutral"
"Its a sign","neutral"
"Those subs ... wtf","anger"
"No he’s right, the accents are the only thing similar, and even those aren’t.","neutral"
"It warms my heart to know that [NAME] is still","curiosity"
"I knew it would be easy to trigger /r/movies peace out homies","approval"
"What a fucking cunt","anger"
"Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers","anger"
"[NAME] looked so lost for 3 quarters. No pocket awareness. Terribly inaccurate. I hope this version of [NAME] is here to stay.","disappointment"
"Oh I'm not denying he is a scumbag who should be run out of town. Just whether this individual thing happened.","curiosity"
"Haha love it!","amusement"
"Eh, its up to you.. but Im not buying your girlscout cookies just because some of the troop drowned.","neutral"
"“I do too. One of them is Hulu.”","approval"
"I guess it’s no surprise that [NAME] really was [NAME] Destenay.","neutral"
"Well they did make it entertaining on [NAME], almost forgot OW has all these heroes.","neutral"
"That awkward when","neutral"
"Gotta love how "QUESTIONING" is front and center in the list of things these warriors for [NAME] consider brainwashing.","love"
"Ah. Will to Power vs The World as Will and Representation. My googling got me so close yet so far.","neutral"
"That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?","curiosity"
"I like Kate spade","love"
"Thank you for contributing your weird suggestion, I love it.","gratitude"
"Best of luck. Don't be afraid to come back if you want specific talking points if you get stuck. And take care!","caring"
"He’s doing this to get some of that lawsuit money","neutral"
"What. No.","neutral"
"No you are providing more than enough evidence. Post histories do exist. Now fuck off.","anger"
"Yes, they do. It’s illegal to work for the Federal Government for free. Contractors aren’t Federal Employees. ","approval"
"[NAME] who? Sorry i only know short haired [NAME]","curiosity"
"[NAME] gets eliminated the 3rd time she's in the bottom so this is wrong and [NAME] would have the best track record if this is true","realization"
"Honestly I thought it just meant any game where you couldn't choose Casual mode... which is everything pre-Awakening.","admiration"
"He can recker my pecker and make my pinkie all stinky.","neutral"
"As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with","disapproval"
"Dumb question: what's a gilding train?","neutral"
"If we change the definition of what we are, maybe women will want to fuck us! -incel logic","disgust"
"1:30-4:30 it’s completely dead. You sometimes get late lunch orders at 1 or early dinners but that’s it.","annoyance"
"I was surprised when they sewed them together instead of hot gluing them.","surprise"
"[NAME] was almost all around higher rated going into the draft Hindsight is 20/20","neutral"
"At least she'll probably die of her own accord, not murdered like [NAME].","neutral"
"I wish you luck anyway lmao, and don't think so down of yourself, i believe you'll do great ","optimism"
"Let them be happy for a season ,they cried in the last 5 years a lot .Watch us bouncing back next season and they will wipe their smile.","neutral"
"I’m not sure it was [NAME] that changed the definition as much as it was the ATF.","confusion"
"That's what I said! Except the bad person part but ya know what I mean.","approval"
"What have I watched ?! My eyes!!! Mom!!!","surprise"
"And that's an issue. Councils are *so* unrepresentative it hurts.","annoyance"
"Neither of them have the IQ for true narcissism!! Stop insulting the intelligence of narcissists [NAME]!","anger"
"Get your degree first.","neutral"
"Wow talk about strength!","admiration"
"Think there was a huge delay I hop on Twitter right after the stream showing them lose and [NAME] tweet was up 2 min ago","disappointment"
"If we'd reintroduce wolves to bathrooms, coyotes wouldn't be a problem.","neutral"
">Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!","optimism"
"It would probably make inequality between countries worse though over a long term.","disappointment"
"Now this was fun to read! You had more courage than I'll ever have :')","admiration"
"Hi I'm a Thrashers fan! My family was 33rd to pick tickets in Atlanta in for the '99 inaugural season","neutral"
"Because our capitalist system is creating ignorant voters by design.","disappointment"
"Borrowed time is stupid","annoyance"
"this is why I have backups off site that they’ll never find...try as they will they will never disarm me","approval"
"Wait, which ones can do it now? Seriously, I don't really know this one.","anger"
"Psst...If no one sees you while eating it, you didn't actually eat it","disappointment"
"Shockingly, some people continue to educate and improve themselves. You might benefit from it.","surprise"
"It's been cross posted.","realization"
"Implying there was a shootout in the restaurant? I wouldn’t feel safe at all if I were caught in crossfire","curiosity"
"I think the Sugar Bowl is enough. You'd basically guarantee a rematch most years in some fashion with a challenge like that.","confusion"
"[NAME] article the other day was below contempt. Don't know what I expected tbh.","neutral"
"I don't know if I'm comfortable with a religion that approves of human sacrifice tbh","confusion"
"Did no one notice that it mentions Maryland in the title text, but goes on to talk about Massachusetts in the body text?","neutral"
"I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....","remorse"
"She just looks sick. Very pale.","neutral"
"Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.","neutral"
"i think [NAME] and [NAME] used to be married then he divorced her when he found she was cheating.","neutral"
"What's there to disagree on..... it's pretty apparent","neutral"
"they just want someone to agree with them and tell them they're right. that's all these sorts of posts ever are.","annoyance"
"At this rate we will be.","neutral"
"Wonder how that brother or cousin excuse works when Lus have no brothers or male cousins","neutral"
"[NAME] lol, took me a second too Edit: it appears Iowa has multiple sacks","neutral"
"Yeah I think he was joking though. Like a cynical, sarcastic sorta comment","love"
"[NAME] is like [NAME]. He can be in absolute trash and it's still okay because he's [NAME].","caring"
"Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.","sadness"
"Damn these refs actually fucking hate us.","disappointment"
"It would certainly improve some services (like transit) but would piss off enough people of both cities that I can't imagine anyone proposing it.","annoyance"
"Idk why but I feel like this should be nsfw","confusion"
"Common sence isnt that common any more","annoyance"
"As much as I want to blame the gov for intentionally killing off vets, Im just going to go with laziness and stupidity.","neutral"
"I wouldnt consider 2/2 really low on the depth chart. Prosser is low on the depth chart.","disapproval"
"I am not regreting my life, there is so much interesting stuff on the internet","joy"
"Interesting what you said about the crew and better to fly solo than with people who bring you down. I'll remember that.","excitement"
"Are you allowed to voice any political opinion on Youtube or are they also censoring based on this?","curiosity"
"That's just sad if it's for a game","sadness"
"Nope, nope, nope and HELL NOPE! ","disapproval"
"i feel this","approval"
"Good luck my friend!","optimism"
""guys, cant we all just calm down and agree IM the smartest most morally righteous one in the room?"","pride"
"> the dems caused the shutdown, Uh they did. They're the ones who won't agree to the wall. ","neutral"
"Not really, they can do what they've been doing and force a no deal brexit pretty soon...","disappointment"
"Was hilarious. RIP Roman","amusement"
"You're here forever.","neutral"
"Hard. Social anxiety/general fear/uggoness kept me from actually getting dates and i was extremely awkward when I finally stopped anxie-puking to actually go on the date.","sadness"
"I'm not going to try defend/explain their reasoning for why they think it will piss people off but that is why they use nazi symbolism.","disapproval"
"The sad part is that we are not trying to tank","sadness"
"From super smash bros melee?","neutral"
"This is like that SNL sketch. EDIT: For anyone wondering what I’m talking about.","surprise"
"/s, you forgot this.","neutral"
"No! but they seem awesome!","admiration"
"He's basically telling the Lakers to come and get him","neutral"
"Nobody has the money to. What a joke","amusement"
"Wow... Mid 2000's this would of been a way better follow up to Space Jam and probably just as if not more popular.","optimism"
"Just give him a chance!","desire"
"[NAME], beer me the strength to make this price lower!","annoyance"
"And you've never driven over the speed limit?","confusion"
"My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so. ","sadness"
"Haha not in those words, but I did say it was dramatic and unreasonable.","amusement"
">Parkour is better in odyssey Hah. Nice one. I was actually believing that this was a serious post up until that point.","admiration"
"You can be so much more specific when hitchhiking.","neutral"
"LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you","amusement"
"I would have to imagine this girl has just been training super hard for the past few weeks.","neutral"
"thank you man","gratitude"
"Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.","neutral"
"He had one poor split, and he already looks strong, fuck your mindless hate","annoyance"
"I call [NAME] fraud! That's not the first time she saw [NAME] after prison.","neutral"
"You're a sealion and a leftist troll. Begone, and enjoy your ban.","joy"
"I do. Skull Splitter rules.","approval"
"I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.","embarrassment"
"I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.","annoyance"
"> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks","admiration"
"[NAME] doesn't do nihilism. She's war ravaged. Ergo she has to recover.","neutral"
"I'm just saying you are demanding things of us while being nasty yourself.","anger"
"Poor eyes. Can’t even see and is sent to the trunk.","nervousness"
"Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious ","admiration"
"What the heck did I just watch","annoyance"
"[NAME] gets no love.","love"
"Love scary podcasts at work. Thank you!","admiration"
"Dude looks like someone dipped Ansem into a super mutant vat","confusion"
"- But mom! I don’t wanna go to school today! - You’re going little shit.","annoyance"
"You put "fascists" in quotes as if the protesters are insane to believe self-proclaimed neo-Nazis and "alt-right" nationalists would have anything to do with fascism. ","annoyance"
"Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]","gratitude"
"Haha "like a snake on a toddler". ","amusement"
"“Those floors with *that* paneling? Ugh! Disgusting!”","disgust"
"I liked [NAME]...","approval"
"Damn millennials and their extremely frugal avocado toast habits! Also Damn millennials and their enormously extravagant avocado toast habits!","neutral"
"Of course, life get’s better. Just keep on keeping on and I hope you do change your mind. ","caring"
"**IITT'SSSS HIGHHHHH NOOOOOOOONNN**","excitement"
"Its a half baked RP. If they wanted to kill each other they oculd have just started shooting.","neutral"
"Is there a source link? Id like to put it as my screen saver :)","love"
"> I'll only debate subjects I'm knowledgable of. Then you're not good at debating.","disapproval"
"brick house nibbas assemble","neutral"
"No, if the cat's going to escalate then he needs to as well. It's bath time. ","neutral"
"Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis","amusement"
"Thanks a lot [NAME] /s","gratitude"
"Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.","disapproval"
"Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah","approval"
"😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!","neutral"
"[NAME] needs to force the democrats to condemn this. Otherwise democrats will end up murdering kids","neutral"
"It was balanced by also adding relics , you could have some pretty cool variations in your games if they added a system similar to both !!","approval"
"Oh, I see what you did... Trying to confuse me.","confusion"
"That was a joke? And a joke you've been waiting to use for 10+ years?","curiosity"
"Presenting as a guy because you're not fully out yet, and still being read as a woman by a stranger. ","neutral"
"Unreal. [NAME]- Expert level","neutral"
"Yeah, there are trees that are far older than 521 years.","neutral"
"Thanks for sharing, it really sucks that people would do this. I barely slept last night because I was so frustrated with the situation.","anger"
"Work on your anxiety and self-esteem. Do things for YOU. Love yourself.","joy"
"Exactly. Its serious, but not serious enough for the NFL. And for the list i made, those People still play in the NFL after suspensions. ","annoyance"
"I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!","desire"
"Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help","neutral"
"Adults actually need less sleep than teenagers because teenage bodies are still growing and","caring"
"If the hot end starts pointing towards space you are having a bad problem and you will not go to space today.","sadness"
"Me. His music isnt really my cup of tea, but I’m kind of apathetic about him. ","neutral"
"OHH this is what Reddit finds ridiculous about this situation.","anger"
"Direct democracy is a terrible idea. People are morons who's opinions are easily manipulated.","embarrassment"
"*Whispers* I dunno man, it's a hard decision","neutral"
"Looking good boah","admiration"
"why wont i just fucking die","anger"
"talking about [NAME] i think","approval"
"When you've been dodging as much as [NAME] has, to this challenge, ppl start to 2nd guess and lose faith in you.","realization"
"Old man yells at cloud","neutral"
"My favorite thing is his friend in the back","love"
"Y'all are fucking annoying","annoyance"
"General population are scared of press","fear"
"And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Step 1. Choose a new team (avoid Carlton and GC) Step 2. Enjoy!","caring"
"ooohhhh when he look at the camera at the end it's the cutest shit ever","admiration"
"You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.","nervousness"
"> I'm going to retire over a decade early How long before I see articles about "healthcare has failed me?"","optimism"
"Guys should also know that not every woman is a size queen. Average doesn't mean substandard, average means just right.","realization"
"I'm sorry for that.","remorse"
"Just the name of it gives me anxiety","neutral"
"I always thought it was his country could be wrong tho","neutral"
"Agree, I avoid of the ones that do, pre-ordering any AAA is a no no now as well.","approval"
"I don't understand how her hair is 'too light' or how that effects the concealer.","confusion"
"And [NAME] and [NAME] played when goalies were not as good","neutral"
"I went there for the first time not long ago, just to experience it for myself. I wont be going back.","neutral"
"It's more like the western world is infuriated that a non-democratic Asian republic is on the trajectory to becoming the leading superpower. Case in point ^","optimism"
"[NAME] got a serious case of the giggles today.","neutral"
"This looks so cute! :D Her eyes came out great and I love her expression.","admiration"
"1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue","joy"
"Went to school with her son. She is larger than life in person. Always swaying gracefully. It was crazy.","admiration"
"The junkies that hang around there can make some good jokes about getting blitz'd","neutral"
"I know they don’t want it. I just wish they did.","disappointment"
"Please tell me you forgot the /s","neutral"
"Trash does not mean litter.","disappointment"
"[NAME] is a grown man who is attracted to actual children [NAME] is attracted to someone her age [NAME] = [NAME]?????","neutral"
"I always thought [NAME] purposefully was tanking her lip syncs on All Stars because she didn't want to send people home.","neutral"
"After he did the one year contract last year I'm not seeing him staying here with no improvement from our team.","disapproval"
"Paired with all the other trivial things they make you do that have no effect on your job performance, it's just to break your spirit. ","neutral"
"I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.","sadness"
"Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.","admiration"
"My target has lots of stuff. *This target had fortnite.*","disappointment"
"Lol you got nothing to worry bout from me bro. Thanks for keeping the game on","gratitude"
"maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production","annoyance"
"Wow she’s getting a spud in the head the next time I see her!","amusement"
"Don't say "no comment". Say "I would like to talk with an attorney before talking with you."","approval"
"Stupid democrats!!!!!!!","anger"
"As you can see in the second half, it's not like he's completely without ability to score or drive and kick. It'll come! ","neutral"
"Pennsylvania here, I've been doing this since I was a kid.","neutral"
"That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.","approval"
"Wait and do what ever it takes to get [NAME]","neutral"
"i am ive done him 3 times now and i have found multiple people who have the bug.","neutral"
"Am I dense or is that not funny either?","confusion"
"There were more but they got deleted for being duplicates. I removed a couple and the original posters removed a couple too.","realization"
"Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear","annoyance"
"I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.","relief"
"Non stop in the chat, that’s all he was responding to","neutral"
"Wow, an [NAME] sighting","admiration"
"Clean your room before daddy [NAME] gets home.","anger"
"I'm ugly and able to bump uglies with someone I can make laugh. Mission accomplished.","amusement"
"No because it's been a steady decline over 20 months.","approval"
"Whoa, wasn't expecting a rational take on this here on reddit. Well done.","admiration"
"..... sigh.... gross","neutral"
"that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.","admiration"
"You forgot >Having a $1500 debt on LES due to Finance fucking up","annoyance"
"I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware","approval"
"You, I like you ","love"
"I've got six aces","neutral"
"[NAME] dropped his career high on them last season.","neutral"
"No, those are called natural monopolies. See: particularly the writings of this guy: ","neutral"
"Out of interest, what’s a chibi? Is it basically a furry?","confusion"
"Same here! I thought too long and hard about whether or not la jolla/Encinitas was known as the "treasure coast"","approval"
"I was won against an ultra-hard brexiteer, he tried to hit me with an uppercut but I just teleported behind him.","realization"
"He didn't know to place them","confusion"
"Thank you. It was just an idea that popped up that I figured I could ask here before proceeding with getting actual legal advice","approval"
"Weird, huh, how people always seem to look for ways to justify our per capita emissions. ","surprise"
"Polarizing filter needed??","neutral"
"Bitch yes!","anger"
"so did that one guy outside of AT&T :)","joy"
"Judging from your post history, it's not a hard assumption to make. EDIT: Now to downvoting. [NAME] tier uberman playing 65D checkers with me","neutral"
"Peel the avocado...","neutral"
"That dog was so happy I thought he was gonna start flying like tails the fox in sonic","joy"
"Mid game? I was worried it would happen to me except reverse. Hold out on this contract for another hour haha","amusement"
"Not to mention people who illegally own guns probably aren't going to admit it for a study either.","neutral"
"Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person","neutral"
"Why did you expect to feel comfortable? What have you done to change?","annoyance"
"You are right","approval"
"The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!","neutral"
"LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one","caring"
"And how often the Asian guy is the token gay guy (especially since Uncle George came out). What I would give for more Asian romantic leads!","neutral"
"you’re too lazy to google","amusement"
"That looks like the Galt House hotel in Louisville. Is that right?","confusion"
"He's back! I missed him. He is the most entertaining thing on this sub.","amusement"
"But instead of dunking on [NAME] they're dunking on [NAME]","neutral"
"Easily one of the Top 5 Best Interviews ever","admiration"
"[NAME]. The third generation [RELIGION] stripper!! Hell yes I watcg 90DF!!!!","neutral"
"Thanks dude, palms were very sweaty lol","gratitude"
"Like taking a life from someone without their consent at all? Just because they cant speak doesnt mean they're giving you the right to kill them.","neutral"
"that would be so cool!!!!","desire"
"very interesting hill to die on","excitement"
"Tori beats Black Beard, without a doubt. They also give you these weird fingertip-covers to eat the chicken so you don’t feel sticky.","neutral"
"I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :) ","optimism"
"[NAME] stands a solid chance honestly","admiration"
"If this thread turns into a shitshow like the last it will also be locked. Fair warning...","anger"
"That’s my mission :) thank you so much","gratitude"
"Yes!!!! Great weekend. As others have said, I can now enjoy the rest of the playoffs","admiration"
"More kids = more people to get addicted to Disney In an odd way I could see that happening.","annoyance"
"I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.","annoyance"
"Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable","annoyance"
"Lots of vested interests coming up with money as well as type investor donations.","neutral"
"i mean if you really want to play guitar with your thumb there’s nothing stopping you","neutral"
"This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping","admiration"
"Oh I know. [RELIGION] is the most severe form of brainwashing on the planet. There’s absolutely nothing like it. It blows my mind.","approval"
"Haha, willing to sacrifice eternal paradise for a taco. I'd make that trade, straight across..at least the taco is real ='D","realization"
""cool little surprise" ow youtubers: NEW HERO NEW SKINS NEW MAPS NEXT WEEK?!","excitement"
"12 year old self wouldn’t understand how I put a pint of ice cream back in the fridge. It should be finished.","neutral"
"I don't know what else to do. I have no transportation, personal phone, or money. And I live in a rural area.","confusion"
"Put that back where it came from or so help me...","annoyance"
"Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)","gratitude"
"No. I want to know why the law applies differently to her and how I can use that to my advantage","curiosity"
"I always worry about my facial expressions. You're not alone there.","caring"
"Well maybe you should think about how other people feel instead of just thinking all about yourself.","neutral"
"Can you explain this?","curiosity"
"People put their lives at risk trying to rescue them.","approval"
"Older people who didn't grow up with the INTERNET don't think of ALL CAPS as YELLING.","neutral"
"I especially do with with the last chapter of books. I need closure.","neutral"
"5 1/2 years until the presidential next election... Let's hope [NAME] can figure something out in that time.","optimism"
"I have no clue either","confusion"
"> like a fucking peregrine falcon, her and him beeline straight for her bedroom. Are they falcons or bees? Alphas don't mix metaphors.","anger"
"Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.","neutral"
"From what I remember, a lot of the leafs fans had [NAME] from 8.5-9.25. I can’t recall someone saying 10+","confusion"
"Yeh? It just changed on me last night after I cleared my cookies...","surprise"
"I’m not attractive but thank you.","disappointment"
"And then peeing on them. I came, I saw, I peed.","neutral"
"Do you mean a "theocracy"?","confusion"
"I'm more worried about him scamming children than "oNLY" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100.","remorse"
"Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man. ","neutral"
"Yep California, I would've been surprised if they cleared him.","excitement"
"The old “I had sex with your mom” joke. I chuckled a little.","amusement"
"We still ended up with [NAME] at the draft though.","neutral"
"I love miramar","love"
"ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator","excitement"
"If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.","neutral"
"Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.","curiosity"
"I hope you two can figure this out. I feel for you and for him.","optimism"
"Wait, are you complaining about the second hit? Dude, you were totally within range. That was one of the least questionable hits I've ever seen","neutral"
"I can’t wait!!!","excitement"
"I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.","joy"
"But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.","anger"
"I came here just to bask in this thread. Yesterday was wonderful....it was just wonderful.","excitement"
"Those hours are hours better spent railing against the bigger polluters. You shouldn't sit on the back of a whale and fish for minnows.","neutral"
"I've been a libertarian on this sub since I joined reddit 3 years ago. This is either my first or second most commented sub","neutral"
"True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there","approval"
"Please care to enlighten me :( I feel the same way as OP and I'm desperately wanting a way out.","caring"
"Life beat you to it by years","neutral"
"[NAME] himself erased your memory of him screwing up. You shouldn't take these kind of things for granite.","neutral"
"i miss this show so much","sadness"
"Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)","gratitude"
"Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(","disgust"
">muh siege Screw off, if I wanted to listen to some [NAME] ramblings I'd go to my local range.","neutral"
"Ok, I get a feeling that you might be a bit too radical here. I'm not going to keep trying here, have a nice day.","neutral"
"Such a [NAME] thing to do. Next thing we know he will speculate that [NAME] and [NAME] will sign by February 31st at the latest.","neutral"
"Yeah, I always get about 6 episodes deep and then start hate-watching just to see if they ever actually fall in love.","annoyance"
"Yeah, for sure. I've definitely come pretty close to panic attacks at the dentist as well.","fear"
"What are you gonna do when your 150 years old and a giant angry bird won't stop trying to kill you?","neutral"
"That really is fantastic","admiration"
"ah that explains things. people have brought him up a few times to me, I run all the pig subreddits and my name is also [NAME]. ","neutral"
"[NAME] I hope we don’t have to as long as the Cubbies did to win a WS","optimism"
"Exactly. It's like a deepity only longer and wronger.","confusion"
"Wow very impressive table! Side note, it's [NAME], not ei","admiration"
"[NAME] has made a career out of making strange films.","neutral"
"Cockles, like the shellfish? Oysters clams and cockles!!! ","neutral"
"Yep. No more lead on the roofs.","neutral"
"Trust me it gets worse from there....i shortened it a lot","optimism"
"Oh [NAME] this is going to garner such hate hahaha","amusement"
"Always and I appreciate your opinion good sir","gratitude"
"Missing this roster 😢😢😢","sadness"
"Hahaha thanks. I didnt notice the spelling dammit. Edited now.","amusement"
"Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.","anger"
"They dont here it i have a room that is pretty isolated","neutral"
"That is NOT a firecracker..","neutral"
"Yeah, I wouldn't be too surprised by that either. I'm so excited to see or hear SOMETHING though. ","excitement"
"That's not how any law works","disapproval"
">It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.","disgust"
"Because they want to make money.","neutral"
"From what I understand it's effectively an authoritarian state right now.","realization"
"I would have to agree. He acts for himself and wants revenge but also cares for and respects life so, chaotic neutral.","admiration"
"2010. [NAME] being all desperate, [NAME] return. Shit was gold","admiration"
"True. Here the mistakes has already been made. Please don't mess up for us who are looking for an alternative refuge to Israel.","disappointment"
"Bomb on your chest Do not try this at home","disapproval"
"[NAME] is the only one of those 4 to win a playoff game as a HC Keep in mind it was on a last second play, still counts","neutral"
"Liquor stores around me used to be closed on Sundays for outdated reason but it never stopped me from going","optimism"
"I believe you. Have you compared them to any other designs of headphones in the same price range though?","neutral"
"I’m not sure what there is to disagree about. It was obviously a subjective claim.","confusion"
"The girl on the right got glass stuck in her leg poor girl","sadness"
"It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.","annoyance"
"> "NOPE!" Had a good laugh out of that","amusement"
"That such a sad flop [NAME]","neutral"
"This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!","optimism"
"Thank you for the kind words :)","gratitude"
"Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too. ","curiosity"
"I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.","admiration"
"Horrible waste of time.","disgust"
"[NAME] bless you. Yeah I said [NAME] because we live in America,the land of [NAME]","admiration"
"I would agree. That doesn’t really address the conservative versus alt-right labeling issue though.","approval"
"Both the odour AND the smell! Poor guys.","approval"
"There's no such thing as "toxic masculinity" and it is a term used by bigots to hide their sexism.","approval"
"So ungrateful. I wouldn’t have even offered that bc ppl who try to argue with closing times are not people who settle.","annoyance"
"Iirc it’s definitely darker than [NAME], but here it’s almost the same color.","neutral"
"Well I am a lady, so that would probably just freak them out. Oh, Reddit. Everyone is a man haha. ","amusement"
"I was there, too. I do NOT remember that, though. Yikes...","disgust"
"[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him","caring"
"[NAME] has aged me 10 years in the last 3 months","annoyance"
"Even farting after I shower makes me want another shower","disgust"
"hell yeah dude","excitement"
"Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)","gratitude"
"Why are you making questionable jokes at work? Unless you work in a comedy club, it really aint the place.","anger"
"I don’t think that would be an issue with [NAME]. He doesn’t seem like work ethic is his problem","approval"
"Ah the ole pelvic buster","neutral"
"YeH, I’m trying to inquire about this.","neutral"
"She muctb not really be that into you","disapproval"
"If Spider-Man 2 is a “failed movie” then so is The Dark Knight and all the LOTR movies.","neutral"
"It does look good!","admiration"
"These are so handy for quick reference to when they play, thanks for posting!","gratitude"
"Yeah that is definitely tough on the processor as it's running a software emulator and the game the whole time","neutral"
"lmao, have not heard that insult before, that's a good one. Only good thing you have come up with yet and I bet you stole it kek.","approval"
"What real things pop out of existence because you stopped looking at them?","neutral"
"[NAME] : completely unpredictable Bunch of them were standing together in the middle of the ring lol","neutral"
"Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.","approval"
"Why is it not?","neutral"
"I sure hope so...","optimism"
"Please do!","gratitude"
"interesting, I'd like to see more about this (when available of course)","admiration"
"It would be nice if south Florida was like that","approval"
"About a 30k vote difference with over 2.5 million votes cast.","neutral"
"food/pizza delivery.","neutral"
"Very true.","approval"
"Lol that’s great. Grew up in north jersey and had the opposite experience","admiration"
"36 and definitely not what I used to be... still ok though!!!","approval"
"Just looked up TITANS, now I've GOT to watch it!! Thanks for the advice too","gratitude"
"Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.","neutral"
"Oh I didn't know. Please give me his P.O. Box address so I can submit them immediately. Cause I am definitely uninterested in blowing out my intestines.","approval"
"Mine is when my husband says our daughter’s emphysema is acting up. No, husband. Her eczema is. ","disapproval"
"Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.","neutral"
"The biggest issues are in suburban districts. They could probably leave most urban and rural districts alone.","approval"
"That's how drivers recycle "lost and found" phones.","neutral"
"Omg does anyone have a video of this","disappointment"
"Ghosting sucks and is rarely excusable.","disgust"
"i discourage a protest that tried to infringe upon free speech","disapproval"
"And Mac and cheese is shit too. If a grown man has to eat children's food, then STAHMs can get minimum wage jobs","disapproval"
"Ok 🤷‍♀️ I believe in you, you can do it. ","approval"
"It feels weird to me cause im the type of person who always immediately texts back","annoyance"
"the scarf look cumbersome and heavy for her frame.","neutral"
"And the healthy snacks are on their way!","excitement"
"State of [NAME] trying to be funny and spelling ‘lose’ wrong","neutral"
"Men don’t have it worse but at least society cares about women.","disapproval"
"Thanks for reminding me of her response video, that was gold","gratitude"
"You should call the police and tell your friend maybe you can Stay over at his place","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] is serious about trying to win this game huh","desire"
"Good. I'm glad that you are getting help.","caring"
"No, I prefer having a forest","disapproval"
"Yeah. Hard not to catch feelings sometimes, even if they are just a bunch of writeoffs.","disappointment"
"They are the furthest left of the major parties mate.","approval"
"WELL SHE SPECIFIED CONSERVATIVE! NEXT!","neutral"
"Why on earth couldn't she just bring a hat from home if it was such a big issue to her? Lol.","amusement"
"Always down for some Liverpool love","love"
"There has been a lot of talk about being so open about it was her problem more than actually doing it. I'd call that defending her actions.","realization"
"The straw manning in this sub is ludicrous.","amusement"
"Lmao servers in America make like $2 an hour with no tips.","approval"
">who accused him and [NAME] of raping her then did a porno where she fucked both of them AND [NAME]? She did?","curiosity"
"I came in like a wrecking ball...","disappointment"
"Thank you for the detailed response. It’s about time I worry about making myself happy rather than them.","gratitude"
"Just Kontrol Freeks since my strike pack died. Going pack to paddles when I get the chance though.","neutral"
"I’m literally shaking right now😫","fear"
"by way of Real Clutch","neutral"
"So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.","annoyance"
"That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].","love"
"I'd rather die than drive a Volvo!","disapproval"
"I never imagined the world would get so weird that I *wanted* to believe the conspiracy theorists, but here we are.","fear"
"And then [NAME] heroically murders them and hangs up their heads so he can feel like a real boy","neutral"
"We need a bench and a coach that realizes six foot three players aren’t small forwards.","approval"
"Lincoln Riley had no HC experience and only 2 years of P5 OC experience.","neutral"
"That’s scary","fear"
"How exciting.","excitement"
"Such a great movie that kinda gets overlooked.","admiration"
"You do not look anywhere near 12, you look alot older than 19. To bad i only dated as young as 23 as i would date you","optimism"
"I would assume that it would be sexually frustrating for the woman.","annoyance"
"2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho","joy"
"A fly is a very tiny thing. But put it in someone’s soup a lot of attention.","disapproval"
"Take an updoot for making me smirk and smile. It might be immature, but it's hilarious.","amusement"
"She has been.","neutral"
"Excuse me, I hate to bother you but could you please inform me what you find so aggravating about sea Lions?","curiosity"
"We do what we must because we can","approval"
"Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.","nervousness"
"Yes, I've noticed it too. Or the photo of the item won't load. This company is so shameful","embarrassment"
"Not cheating and not using exploits is honorable. Other opinions are not relevant imo.","approval"
"Cheers, [NAME]!","joy"
"It kinda is. It's better that special needs kids aren't hidden and their families don't feel that it is necessary or required.","neutral"
"Reddit is so right wing I can’t even believe it","disapproval"
"Your repeated need to retreat into victimhood is a snooze.","neutral"
"Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.","caring"
"Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.","surprise"
"Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.","confusion"
"Kept you waiting, huh? ","anger"
"I want [NAME] and [NAME] in Top 3 so I’m feeling the omens girl","neutral"
"I've never decided to have just one late night drunk egg","desire"
"[NAME] then. He gave the watch to him when he left.","joy"
"If only there was an option for a gif-like format that allowed audio to be played alongside the video... I guess the technology just isn't there yet","disapproval"
"You too thirsty","neutral"
"Yea, very rude. Avoid anything with a strong smell like fish and popcorn, curry is just as strong. ","caring"
"Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.","admiration"
"Its the easiest subject in the whole school, they teach us stuff we should’ve learned when we were 11, it’s so bad...","annoyance"
"If you don’t include AZ in your 3, you’re wrong. ","disapproval"
"More moralizing and prejudice from you. Why am I not surprised?","annoyance"
"[NAME] was such a fun weapon","joy"
"No one has the stinky pinky when everyone has the stinky pinky.","disapproval"
"Oh the joys of Marine Corps boot camp!!","joy"
"next time offer dude a hit of your weed, ive been waiting for that to happen to me","neutral"
"It's the "boyfriend around school haha jk" thing that makes it weird.","annoyance"
"A burned hand teaches best, after that advice about fire goes to the heart.","realization"
"Story of my life","neutral"
"Wow!!!","excitement"
"Tics can have a variety of causes, Tourettes' are caused by certain neurotransmitters in the brain not working properly. ","disappointment"
"He went to UW, what do you expect?!","curiosity"
"/u/skyboundIan no spoilers in the trailer pretty please :D","annoyance"
"There were those god awful GoPro shots in the fight scenes where they had a shaky camera fixed to the actors facing directly at their face, though. ","amusement"
"I bring great shame on my family with my poops. If only I had the will of dear god emperor [NAME] to halt my poops indefinitely like is able.","disapproval"
"oh god this is the worst","disgust"
"I think I’d take the long view - the good news is that at least she’s not pregnant...","excitement"
"I live in australia and even aussies say "cook the man some eggs" as a joke to kiwis","amusement"
"Call your legislator and complain. Ill-mannered public servants tend to fear politicians more than they do lawyers.","caring"
"Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns","joy"
"Oh easy leader of the free world","neutral"
"Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.","embarrassment"
"Thank you for saying that. It’s mostly just annoying but I def picked the wrong week to watch Unfriended: Dark Web lmao","annoyance"
"She's turkish","neutral"
""He made her" give me a break. Tell him to shit his pants.","neutral"
"Because I was with someone who accepts cheating as an acceptable form of behavior.","admiration"
"Welcome to our world.","gratitude"
">clickbait media pushing outrage porn. This really should be your flair on this subreddit.","neutral"
"Oh, because his sideburns were shaped like stars!","neutral"
"Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]","optimism"
"cause they want people to know there relvant again","neutral"
"What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.","disgust"
"You gotta use the footage that you got haha And yeah of course, my guy.","amusement"
"I was trying to click on a baby flamingo but I'm not mad","approval"
"Agree with that XI but sad that [NAME] is our best choice.","admiration"
"Probably because it mentioned [NAME] but idk. It's just was a harmless joke lol.","amusement"
"I can't believe people wanted to trade him. [NAME] is unbelievable, so glad he's on our team ","admiration"
"Reminds me [NAME] club idea eclipse. Only open 2hrs once a year. $5000 cover charge.","neutral"
"[NAME] I hate that I had to upvote this dude to the sub it is in. Every fibre of my being wants to downvote this atrocity","annoyance"
"Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.","admiration"
"And then he comes back after Wallmark's goal with, "A little Swedish Sizzle!" Best play-by-play announcer in the business. Love him!","neutral"
"Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.","fear"
"Darn. I knew there was something off about him.","curiosity"
"[NAME] bless the united [NAME]","love"
"Holy shit it actually did... how","anger"
"I have no idea who those people are, but I've heard their names a lot.","surprise"
"damn it I was holding out for [NAME] to carry the game","disappointment"
"It would be cool but I like his commentating too much lol","amusement"
"I don't understand how her hair is 'too light' or how that effects the concealer.","confusion"
"Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist. ","sadness"
"It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.","admiration"
"How dare you, she's in your flair too!","anger"
"You’re a moron. That is called extortion and it is a crime here in Canada. [NAME] would have been locked up within hours...","neutral"
"Oh, the "Thomas the nuclear bomb"? That scarred me.","fear"
"Even though it should level out, it's still currently having major detrimental impacts on the environment and human suffering ","neutral"
"Lmao. I still sing fun with the funk sometimes.","amusement"
"My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous","embarrassment"
"I smell a woooosh","approval"
"Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.","disappointment"
"It really does. Great point","admiration"
"Was he good back then?","neutral"
"Maybe it’s flaccid and shaking it makes sense when you’re being put under in the comments. loool read a few pounds.","neutral"
"Is this for an open carry? Or will I be limited to just owning at home, which is what I want anyway.","confusion"
"Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!","gratitude"
"It still seems dangerous","fear"
"I agree with everything you said. I still fell sad for her but this is the consequences of her own choices","approval"
"I like your version more, anyways. Better comedic relief from such a horribe tragedy.","love"
"Correct. The LTB judgements are enforced by going through small claims. Which makes for another hurdle for tenants trying to collect judgements.","neutral"
"[Here you go] (","neutral"
"IMM PUTTING ALL MY MONEYZ ON RT WEBSITE CRASHING XD","disappointment"
"Nah. It's their job. Just tip well","caring"
"It was probably either a wrong number, a prank call, or a girl you forgot you met and she was embarrassed. If something more happens update us ","embarrassment"
"I don’t think he forgot I think he was just really out of breath","neutral"
"No, just act surprised if anything comes of it. ","disapproval"
"Isn't it crazy how 2005 is considered "classic"?","annoyance"
"Read any [NAME] comic, he’s definitely super at tons of stuff.","admiration"
"I miss [NAME] wish we could trade back for him!","desire"
"IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM","love"
"Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️","neutral"
"[NAME], [NAME], [NAME] all looking nicer ","love"
"Oh. :[","neutral"
"[NAME] is lining up for West Ham, holy shit im excited to see this play out","excitement"
"Good to know. The little chapel in there is pretty gnarly.","relief"
"Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.","joy"
"I have already, what's your point? ","curiosity"
"This is exactly what I knew would happen with that photo. Ugh, this shit needs to end.","neutral"
"And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.","anger"
"Yeah imagine if he had been as efficient as the beginning of the season. We would have at least 2 more.","optimism"
"Well I just can’t unsee that ..... chocolate anyone?","excitement"
"Thanks for the responses y'all. I'm going to do the gig anyway and hope that nothing too sinister happens! I'll update if anything interesting happens.","gratitude"
"Who's [NAME]?","confusion"
"£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.","annoyance"
"There's also the option of "who cares? Ship and let ship" but okay. ","confusion"
""I need the government to coddle me and regulate the food industry because I can't make healthy choices for myself."","confusion"
"[NAME] lmao","neutral"
"I don’t know why but watching this makes me super happy!","joy"
"Bi people can be attracted to trans and non-binary people, too.","approval"
"So you have your twin 6'9 215 pound forwards playing different positions? Interesting gm'ing. I see why the Hornets are so terrible.","admiration"
"I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish","anger"
"can't wait to catch me one of them suckers","disgust"
"That is fantastic.","admiration"
"Week 16 this year vs the Jets. I lost my fantasy playoff game but it was worth it lol.","disappointment"
"Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.","disappointment"
"Now watch this place decend into the same voidless pits that r/soccer belongs to Bring on the half n half OF scarfs","neutral"
"Not just bad, but actively shortens your life because you have finite energy ","neutral"
"[NAME] is soft as hell boi got bullied in Minnesota","neutral"
"Wishing the best for your pupper.","caring"
"For what it's worth, I hope you have a great year anyway.","optimism"
"Her skin is glowing! Love the eyeshadow too.","neutral"
"Haha, nice try mom. *dabs*","admiration"
"There's no way I'm sitting through all of this. Good [NAME].","approval"
"I run both, use my bl, next chase, dh. Even with exhausted, bl has that stagger reduction, so you can kite killers","neutral"
"I've always wondered how much of this stuff doesn't end up on the internet","embarrassment"
"I do this when rolling haha","neutral"
"You sound like my brother. I only have one tip. Calm the fuck down. You cant think when youre upset","annoyance"
"I'd say the key difference is probably vegemite consumption...","approval"
"He's hanging with friends...TV on, volume down. People asking, how are things in Detroit and he just shrugs and shakes his head","annoyance"
"Fair enough. But remember, the sooner you spawn, the sooner you'll have that sweet free labour around the house ","approval"
"Growth cannot persist forever in a finite system.","realization"
"I LOVE [NAME]!!! She’s all around a really outstanding and kind human being","admiration"
"I'm going to blow your fucking mind. I dip my Hawaiian pizza in ranch. Booooooooom.","neutral"
"[NAME] doesn’t roll his ankle on a 🎾 in 2011 and we win a premiership imo","approval"
"Who mentioned anything political besides you?","neutral"
"Truly a blessed day for you! Shine on!","optimism"
"Do you mean “lol”?","confusion"
"Oh, what kind of material is for comedy cemetery? I never knew it was dif.","disapproval"
"Reminds me of [NAME] place too.","realization"
"Go support them then.","neutral"
"Really love these concepts. Fantastic work. Love the work in the comments especially the green with the M.","love"
"Yes....youtube new rule is now...u have to do commentary on every video u uploaded or show yourself in the video.....check their guidelines..u will see..","neutral"
"Those are literally the only possibilities.","nervousness"
"Sad for the people who contracted measles. Angry at the parents who didn't vaccinate their kids against measles.","anger"
"Reminds me of the dude who was hit on the back/side by a RC helicopter.","neutral"
"Just one or two, but it is hard since so few transphobes *have* souls.","annoyance"
"Minke whale have never been endangered and are delicious imo. Particularly minke whale carpaccio","approval"
"I love this guy.","admiration"
"Lol not gonna happen. He is just in love with [NAME]. He fell in love with her when she gave him the hand of the Queen.","optimism"
"Weird as I do know I've seen CoC waste/recycling services trucks picking up bins as early as 6:30AM.","neutral"
"You here to admit you are fine with existence once born? I thot so","neutral"
"I am out, it is a beautiful day and the air is crisp and refreshing.","admiration"
"Equipment (PC & accessories), settings, the whole transition I feel lost to be honest","confusion"
"Devastating and true.","neutral"
"that tone of voice sounds a loooot like a liar would sound... lol","amusement"
"Believe me if they were there I would go for it.","neutral"
"It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.","love"
"yeah it really looks like your reading comprehension is the facepalm here from just the screenshot you’ve provided.","neutral"
"That guy’s heart must be more broken than [NAME] when he had the heart virus","nervousness"
"Yeah, and the pushers can do that whether they're paid or not.","neutral"
"Hah! You’re the best NERD!","neutral"
"He’s still right. Doortrash sucks","annoyance"
"This is legit. Nobody puts baby in a corner! (Or a box)","approval"
"Let's go!","approval"
"She is only good if a team has good communication. (And this is a ~600hr sombra main saying this.)","joy"
"For everyone who was wondering: dude is picked up, can move his legs and says “it’s ok, it’s ok”.","neutral"
"You realize that the ex husband is not related to MGTOW at all right?","realization"
""five minutes of fame"... [NAME] lmao. Ok, whatever u say kid.","neutral"
"I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became","admiration"
"[NAME], [NAME] 4 u..... enjoy","excitement"
"But didn’t they speed up blocks so the net difference was essentially zero?","neutral"
"thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly","annoyance"
"[NAME] being 50-33 against winning teams kinda suggests it wouldn't matter that much if their division were better. Maybe have gone to 7 superbowls instead of 8.","neutral"
"Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago","anger"
"Just rephrased it into two sentences for you. It's a great story!","admiration"
"The left really needs to co-opt “Gamers Rise Up!”","admiration"
"Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.","disgust"
"You’re looking at hard time mate","grief"
"At what point do we consider arresting people who arm themselves in order to oppose legitimate, democratic decisions by force of arms? ","neutral"
"My boss makes 100 but I only make 10, shat four times today so the joke’s on them.","annoyance"
"It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.","nervousness"
"I didn't find it too bad. I always favoured the 1500m and my wife is from Abu Dhabi","caring"
"This hurts me.","sadness"
"Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now","amusement"
"Ghost them. It’ll drive them crazy and give you the satisfaction","neutral"
"my mistake :(","disappointment"
"Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...","fear"
"Ugh her mind!","neutral"
"Wow, I know he is the voice of [NAME], but I did not know he basically IS [NAME]","realization"
"get the packages sent to your work or a relatives or trusted friends home nearby ???? parcel locker ??","neutral"
"No matter what, we can all listen to *You Shook Me All Night Long* during earthquakes. ","neutral"
"Damn it [NAME], now I have to go down there again.","neutral"
"He might assume that most people are shoplifters like him and that you're a nuisance to society that he's exposing.","neutral"
"Anything other than harassing motorists or worse, pretty simple.","neutral"
"don't you know? the world is america only [NAME] Bless.","approval"
"I checked the dudes profile before I posted this, it’s not he’s being serious ","neutral"
"Pretty certain it was already reported a long time ago that Japan was getting the censored cut of the game.","admiration"
"You're not my real mom. I don't have to listen to you. Just because my dad loves you doesn't mean that I have to!","anger"
"Well that just sounds awful.","disgust"
"Thank you, it's pretty helpful.","admiration"
"Don't they already have a decent backup in T. Hill or whatever that guy's name is?","approval"
"Close your eyes and keep watching the first second","neutral"
"Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)","remorse"
"Oh I see!","realization"
"They're cowards.","annoyance"
"This is hilarious! Sounds similar to my buddy's experience at his gym in CoHeights!","joy"
"The tone is incredible.","love"
"i can't even stand up straight on a paddle board in the calmest water imaginable","disapproval"
"[NAME] from elfen lied is that you?","confusion"
"The way it runs out of the water lmao","amusement"
"Oh no now I'm caught in the suspense, what could have happened?","curiosity"
"Happy birtday my dude","excitement"
"Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.","sadness"
"Considering the century is only a touch over 19 years. Is this really news worthy?","curiosity"
"That might be [NAME] excuse to eliminate her. In a very [NAME] way","neutral"
"People that choose to work for NGO's already make far less than their corporate counterparts, do you want them to work for free?","caring"
"Oh no, my secret identity as a neurosurgeon/entomologist/radiologist/anesthetist/dentist has been discovered! I knew I should have given less detailed medical advice online! D: ","nervousness"
"Already I can can hear the screaming and howling of the neoliberal right. They will amuse me.","admiration"
"That's clearly a clickbait title. Chances are it didn't actually happen.","approval"
"Oh.... We're still doing this ? Even after [NAME]?","excitement"
"[NAME] why can I relate so much.","curiosity"
"I would say ask him. Don't read into things too much. Just enjoy. You'll never know if you don't ask.","caring"
"Sorry I should have said army.","remorse"
"Couldn’t get the votes in the senate. We had control in the house though. That’s flipped though","neutral"
"#FURRIES 😾 OUT, OUT! ^👉 #🤚 WE NEED A WALL 🖐️ AROUND R/SUBREDDITDRAMA 👋 AND MAKE R/FURRY_IRL 👐 PAY FOR IT!! ☝️","neutral"
"Damn, you're good a parkour. That was a pretty giant leap to be made.","admiration"
"I like it!","admiration"
"I got a weird vibe when he was placed on Colliton's staff, so I'm really glad it's turned out the way it did. ","joy"
"Wait and do what ever it takes to get [NAME]","neutral"
"What a charming puddle of smegma.","admiration"
"It never ends well","sadness"
"Annihilate the furry and bring honor to my house.","sadness"
"He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind","realization"
"Remember when he first got the ball this season and nobody cheered or knew him? Oh how times have changed.","curiosity"
"Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!","admiration"
"How much less could you care?","neutral"
"unfortunately there is no start over button. this is our one wonderful wild life.","love"
"You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:","disapproval"
"I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this","sadness"
">So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.","anger"
"This is surprising as many pizza places us peanut oil on the crust in the past. Had a friend end up in the hospital from this.","surprise"
"Maybe one day but I am very cultured*","desire"
"Literally one visit to that subreddit is proof enough it's mentally addictive. Brain craving dopamine when it's not producing it.","neutral"
"The most intimidating man in football","admiration"
"I like how the last picture is of [NAME] beaming smile and not even so much about the tattoo at all.","joy"
"You really dont have a day off do you","curiosity"
"I’m not unpleasant with her.","disgust"
"Cough cough, r/gunners would likento buy you a drink for speaking the truth good sir. ","neutral"
"Omg yes lol it’s the story of my life","approval"
"Damn. Also awesome for the victims and others who spoke out about the abuse.","admiration"
"Rare? HAHAHAHAHAHA","amusement"
"I heard it to the beat "I want you to want me" I like your squanch!","admiration"
"Yea the refs weren't terrible all game or anything","anger"
"I never said they were emotionless","disapproval"
"I had a friend from Palestine who became atheist. I don’t know how many atheists in Palestine there are but I wish there were more!!","approval"
"She's so cute! Give her all the huggles","admiration"
"I have a long term plan. I appreciate the concern.","caring"
"That's bad","sadness"
"A bad pun can be a real pick-me-up","neutral"
"Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.","realization"
"Hey, I just shared the tweet with the quote. I don't know about all that","nervousness"
"While I agree with my political views could be of the top of my least favorites and [NAME] weren't ruined by the pic.","approval"
"I fucking love this GIF so much.","admiration"
"Your dog is so brave ❤️","admiration"
"People need to stop excusing bad behavior","anger"
"then its lost man. So sad!...its terrible","disappointment"
"Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..","gratitude"
"Good thing it wasn't entrapment. Entrapment would be tricking him into, or forcing him into breaking the law. Here she's just lying and begging.","gratitude"
"Box rental? What year are you living in?","annoyance"
"Even better, won't feel as bad eating the whole thing in one sitting then.","disapproval"
"Was not one of those players, still want to go back to the MW2 days. Totally would if I still had my PS3 :/","desire"
"Precisely why im closeted :(","nervousness"
"Well you know, helping out the less fortunate is basically a slippery slope to authoritarian commulism /s","caring"
"Please never stop writing poems mr u/SchnoodleDoodleDo :D","neutral"
"Have you ever consider knocking three times and that hide and seek/stalker vibe is terrifying. It's the most disturbing thing I can link you my AR 15.","fear"
"I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.","gratitude"
""We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"","amusement"
"Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.","neutral"
"I hope you have a wonderful cake day!","optimism"
"It kind of replaces the home button, you use it to swipe up and out of an open app","neutral"
"Looking good boah","admiration"
"I'm really proud of you for standing up yourself like that!","admiration"
"Glad your a Liberal supporter.","joy"
"As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.","love"
"I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!","relief"
"I like him too but when we DFAd him last year you’d have thought we cut [NAME]","admiration"
"Lmao y'all are in for a real rude awakening with [NAME] if y'all thought *those* were soft.","amusement"
"Thanks for the response.","gratitude"
"Nobody claims that 20th century socialism was a utopia. Please remember your own comment before replying.","annoyance"
"Except she doesn't have a wall...","neutral"
""Lazy ass" Oh my, the irony","annoyance"
"Spending the day with family in beautiful Bowral 🌿","admiration"
"Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/","neutral"
"This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite","excitement"
"Pepperidge Farm remembers!","neutral"
"Indescribably beautiful.","admiration"
"> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha","amusement"
"Let's wait till BFV leaves alpha before we plan the next one. But seriously, that would be a great setting.","desire"
"good move. needed another lefty in the pen.","admiration"
"To me his not doing it right because he is breaking contact with the skin. Keep contact and go back and forth!","realization"
"It’s definitely winter. My Cornish Rex is in hell right now because she loves laying in windows, but it’s cold as balls out ","approval"
"depends on the artist that made it more than anything","neutral"
"Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].","sadness"
"Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid","approval"
"Nope nope nope","disapproval"
"Hey now!","neutral"
"That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.","anger"
"I thought from his accent maybe he was or he'd spent a lot of time there.","neutral"
"What are these other non stick options?","curiosity"
"Well...... can only hope it works out in America’s best interest now","admiration"
"Oof. Same guy probably would've had an aneurysm if he saw how much my boss charges for a cup of shredded cheese","neutral"
"I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.","optimism"
"You are [NAME] and I claim my five pounds.","neutral"
"Of all 3 trilogies the Prequels pander the most to children. Even with its monotonous political banter.","neutral"
"I'm talking about statement in 11 july, not 14 july. I think you are confused. I posted 11 july statement","approval"
"I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.","approval"
"Oh [NAME] how awful","anger"
"Saints Chiefs matchup would make for a great Super Bowl","admiration"
"you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(","remorse"
"> a GURPS game, inspired by anime and taking place in space yikes.jpg > I got pumped hahaha ok","approval"
"Usually it's not entertainment, it's mostly curiosity and fascination. Like when you see something horrible, but can't turn your eyes away.","curiosity"
"> He never actually said anything about spam He said in his video "Take this profile picture and spam comments like oh y y" on all videos","annoyance"
"Low life is as low life does. I wouldn't be too surprised if he's broke by the time he's middle aged, unfortunately.","surprise"
"Looks like he deleted it. Can’t find it on his profile history","neutral"
"Why go to the moon when you can *BECOME THE MOON*","excitement"
"Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.","anger"
"Men don’t have it worse but at least society cares about women.","approval"
"Except for the part where it grows in with that awful shape people make because they can only see themselves in the mirror.","neutral"
"What's the streamer's name? I want to find the aftermath of this","confusion"
"I thought the Generals were due!!","neutral"
"yeah so even after this he got drafted at 41 only lol...and he dominated vs KAT and rest","amusement"
">Well, minus the interbreeding part. Eh, I wouldn't be so sure about that","neutral"
"Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.","caring"
"Oh... I'm sorry. You holding up okay?","remorse"
"I am your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.","confusion"
"Haha gutted.","amusement"
"Help, I'm scared and want to go back.","fear"
"Hahaha this is gold","excitement"
"OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.","joy"
"Run, run Run for the roses Quicker it opens Sooner it closes Man oh man oh friend of mine All good things in all good time","joy"
"thanks! :)","gratitude"
"It's more of a personal issue with me. But I completley understand and respect your decisions and way of thinking","admiration"
"Serious strawberry and matcha frapps.","neutral"
"Honestly capital G god is probaby the only diety I would struggle allowing at my table, no matter which [NAME] religion it was picked from.","neutral"
"Same except I also love the taste and meal options of meat. I could never do the veggie thing.","love"
"You need HELP!","neutral"
"Thanks, posted there!","gratitude"
"If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.","annoyance"
"Such a lust for friendship! *Whooooo*","desire"
"I really hate this family. Nothing but snake-oil salesmen who's negative influence will reverberate for a new generation of young women who deserve better role models.","anger"
"looks like got damn shoe leather.","anger"
"Tbh I think there are a lot of parts of chicago that are way shittier than memphis","disappointment"
"Looked like it hurt","disappointment"
"[NAME] damn it, dude. Are you trying to ensure every gun owner in PA votes red? Because that's how you do that. ","neutral"
"I saw gluten free cat grass at the pet supplies store once. Did not know that was a thing","approval"
"Idk for fun?","confusion"
"as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that","surprise"
"Thank you for taking the time and effort to try and understand, you sound like a good friend","admiration"
"I'm 27. I've been thinking about joining the club, just to avoid this inevitability ","amusement"
"[NAME].","neutral"
"I think it opens at 9.5 to get these sucker early hype bets and then falls once the public money tapers off","neutral"
"Lots of coffee, if anything. I think he was just nervous. Dealing with media/cameras isn't for everyone, after all.","nervousness"
"death of drone is hilarious, like a scene from theater.","amusement"
"Thank you, I will check it out once I get home :D","gratitude"
"This is what nepotism looks like, folks.","optimism"
"[NAME] nerds thinking they are cool by assigning some bullshit fantasy words to error messages...theater mode is probably just acting up","disgust"
"Thanks, I hate it","anger"
"Nah I’m good. I like my parents and their food.","approval"
"For the people who love [NAME] or found their inner gayness because of him.","caring"
"You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.","neutral"
"Our Republic's integrity is under threat by a president who has failed to defend himself and the U.S. from foreign powers.","neutral"
"[NAME] loves his Starbucks!","love"
"LMAO I love hockey","amusement"
"“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.","neutral"
"Because it's straight up untrue. It's a new ce idea but anyone relying on the sentiment is going to be repeatedly disappointed.","disappointment"
"They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.","disgust"
"nothing special? I drop stuff like this mate","annoyance"
"Sure but Ireland chose to join the EEC, that was and is a policy decision.","neutral"
"30 people is big for you...? Dang im middle eastern and it's over 500 guests each time..","neutral"
">Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok","disappointment"
"Has he recieved "Consent of the Congree? Don't deflect, that was the Constitution not CNN. ","curiosity"
"I just don’t like traversing through the snow, and how the salt stains some of my boots, and the mess it leaves at home.","disapproval"
"Sleep > class Thats the only way","neutral"
"Fly out of KDVT? Love flying out there.","joy"
"That’s what I was thinking too but I didn’t want to just assume lol.","amusement"
"There is a reason 15 people liked my comment dear, those fifteen people all think you are pretty. I hope you see this... 👓","approval"
"I have stated from the beginning that I do not believe that Abuse, Interrupted is a good resource for people in this subreddit.","approval"
"I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.","sadness"
"This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year","amusement"
"Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick","anger"
"That’s just proof positive they aren’t meant to be.","neutral"
"In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.","disappointment"
"For next time, there is a way bigger live chat over on r/BravoRealHousewives ","neutral"
"You're really just having a field day today huh?","neutral"
"Haha - even the [NAME] don’t want you! Ha-hah.","amusement"
"By having to pay out over a hundred million in lawsuits?","neutral"
"Love The Weasle, I've grown to like him a lot ","love"
"Omg so short but such a bop! I’m so excited for her album","excitement"
"He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.","approval"
"You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.","surprise"
"Good luck! If you do need to get her, you just gotta fuse together a Bicorn and a Jack Frost.","optimism"
"Teeth. I really want good teeth and my hair is nice and easily maintainable atm","desire"
"I will have one of each please. Not just far left and right. All. Any doubles you might have as well. Thanks byeee","gratitude"
"I stopped reading @ “this one weird trick.”","annoyance"
"Ye. And I can put it on another scumbag i know","joy"
"breaking news: sports fan does something extreme and stupid over something that doesn't matter","neutral"
"People who mindlessly defend Turkey and Ergodan are very delusional!","sadness"
"Someone you guys are on Grindr just to screenshot your own witty replies to men trying to bang you, don’t deny it.","anger"
"a ref behind the play calls that loll","neutral"
"I joined DbD right after [NAME] release, but man I wish I had the splinters","desire"
"It look like so much then I realized that I don’t leave my house","realization"
"I am in hysterics. How are these people so serious?","curiosity"
"You see that's why you don't give tuna and catnip to the neighborhood cats because then they'll never leave.","disapproval"
"Well the post wasn’t anything new. We’ve had these posts for pretty much all offseason.","admiration"
"Wrong. Im a [NAME].","neutral"
"Were lucky we were able to get this much money back for him wish him all the best in spain","gratitude"
"Haha, I had this on my clipboard already when I came across your comment.","amusement"
"One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink","love"
"That’s awesome.","admiration"
"Omg I wish I were still there so we could brave this together. Let us know if you go!","desire"
"Better start believing in miracles then! LOL","amusement"
"Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.","approval"
"True. I think the only way vegan lab-grown meat could be produced is via self-renewing stem cells which is still a very undeveloped technology","approval"
"Tbh I've never found the porn ads arousing, I've usually found them annoying, stupid, really clickbaity, or hilariously cheesy","annoyance"
"We idolized him despite mediocre play. Though, with [NAME] in the house he may have had less asses to run into and trip over. ","neutral"
"Ouch! I felt that!","approval"
"[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.","neutral"
"Nah hes just setting an image.. Hes backed by ps to play this tourny...","neutral"
"Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol","amusement"
"I find it hard to say "no" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. ","neutral"
"Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.","love"
"I know right? Let me just stop what I'm doing to feel pity where you go wrong in relationships.","grief"
"I find it hard to say "no" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. ","approval"
"They won't go after her, they LOVE [NAME]. ","neutral"
"I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.","disapproval"
"GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK","fear"
"You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.","disapproval"
"I like [NAME] soo much! he’s such a sweet and honest person, and his voice is amazing","excitement"
"My friends that were badly injured from the first fight. Read my backstory comment.","disapproval"
"It kind of replaces the home button, you use it to swipe up and out of an open app","neutral"
"Wait... dogs can’t use ladders!","disapproval"
"Hey we have feelings too nerd","disappointment"
"I trust WeltHam, we low ball them first and watch them come back when they can't find any bigger offers.","admiration"
"So you're male then. Ps ur wrong bud","annoyance"
"Damn.. fell for that one","love"
"I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?","annoyance"
"She does't even go here","neutral"
"If I wanted to vote I would vote Labour. Some Conservative MPs are in the wrong party.","annoyance"
"This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.","disappointment"
"I have a bad one but I also have mild cerebral palsy on my left side","sadness"
"Just know that you are the man. Go Isles. Go Flames.","neutral"
"This meme is dated and lost it's humor years ago. All you're doing is taunting people who have followed a different path in life.","disapproval"
"This is the sort of unpunished obvious flamebait trolling that people are upset about. Of the sort also consistently delivered by Cylinderhead and [NAME].","approval"
"And now I'm hungry. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Those on the right are oddly easy to convert at times. Good luck.","optimism"
"as [NAME] wishes he didnt want to be buried so they had is ashes thrown in a lake in india as [NAME] wanted please respect his wishes","desire"
"Can we forget that this moment happened","sadness"
"“40 lbs of fat” yeah 40 lbs of fat and a shit load of plastic surgery maybe","nervousness"
"It is really boring. There is a culture in church, but it is essentially soulless and is really only weirdness with a heaping of superiority complex.","annoyance"
"I fucking love ten min power hour xD","anger"
"Go take care of your boy up top of this chain, then we'll talk.","caring"
"Should’ve dumped coke all over her right after the movie, and make a run for it. Fk pettiness ","neutral"
"Ahh mate, come back any time and i'll make culturally inappropriate Third Reich gags and then we can get lit on bush chooks.","neutral"
"Oh. My. [NAME]. This entire post hurts my brain. It's beautiful","admiration"
"BUT ATHEISTS ARE DOING THE SAME THING AND ARE TREATED BETTER. No. You're just being a bigot.","annoyance"
"Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.","approval"
"hey this isnt too far from me on sheridan. i never see anyone in it really.","neutral"
"Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)","joy"
"Is calling bullshit allowed in this sub? Cause theres no way this happened as [NAME] described. People don't speak like that, even crazy ones. ","anger"
"You always choose mum bro. What are you thinking","neutral"
"True. But I think it’s only [NAME] that pull the belly out of themselves to articles about the empire!","approval"
"[NAME] is 110% 24/7/365 all the time Swag, I just can't fathom.","admiration"
"Don't confused sex with gender. Gender identity can't be boiled down to beards and balls.","neutral"
"Alright thanks to all. I will tr it with more wards the next time and boots and penetration. Thx for your support!","gratitude"
"Yeah, my thoughts exactly. Alright people, time to revive this comrade's karma.","neutral"
"Yeah of the business. That’s how I’d word it idk maybe that’s wrong","confusion"
"You’re right, my bad","approval"
"Its whatever you make of it. No one can tell you what it feels like except you, this is a journey you’ll have to take alone","caring"
"I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3","amusement"
"omg that was full on Tequila [NAME]!!!","excitement"
"3 weeks or so' away from her kid for some 'alone time'? I feel sorry for that kid.","remorse"
"That shit really just made my night. Haha","amusement"
"Sometimes a guy just wants to unwind and get nose deep in some chocolate starfish man","disappointment"
"[NAME] is happy","neutral"
"time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah","amusement"
"A data scientist extracts information out of usually very big data sets, applying statistics and the likes.","neutral"
"Even if they did that I think their criteria would probably be reserved for the most extreme cases.","neutral"
"R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!","disapproval"
"good move. needed another lefty in the pen.","admiration"
"[NAME], I don’t miss that guy. ","neutral"
"Memorialising is fine but he is just spamming the sub","disapproval"
"[NAME] wept.","grief"
"Don't forget those ungodly concoctions with apple cider vinegar","neutral"
"You can try, but I suspect it might be a waste of time.","approval"
"Close enough. Is rainbow 6 any good?","curiosity"
"They are always a fun time.","joy"
"Isn't this the same video already posted ? Not seeing anything different","confusion"
"Wow, that's crazy. Ever tried DMT? ","admiration"
"Chat Room or Messages??","neutral"
"I mean.....I know far more people who dabble with things like alchohol, weed and psychedelics than I know who are weekend warriors with opiates....","neutral"
"But I promise “it’s only something other people do”.","neutral"
">testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.","disgust"
"I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?","anger"
"Firstly, thanks for pointing it out, and secondly, you should have some sort of [NAME] nearby, he should do the job","gratitude"
"you deserve love too","love"
">It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.","disgust"
"He called [NAME] to the Steelers and was outspoken with how good the Juju pick was.","neutral"
"ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator","joy"
"He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!","disgust"
"I think [NAME] was just holding back, who'd want to go kill their nephew ([NAME] in [NAME]).","curiosity"
"Be careful with this weed","caring"
"Aww that's so sweet !","excitement"
"Pretty much every Punjabi dude I've met.","approval"
"You can't rightfully earn a billion dollars. Your employees can, and fifty thousand people in sweatshops can, but a single person cant","neutral"
"Yeah, because it’s soooo arduous to look at someone’s profile for five seconds. ","neutral"
"I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)","caring"
"It was received on Jan 25th at 9:22 am .81627 BTC and $3800. for it with a $600. fee. Happy!","approval"
"Stay strong [NAME]","caring"
"I know, my dealer was doing bumps off his hand. Have some class","remorse"
"He looks like [NAME]","approval"
"It will be carefully tailored to piss their parents off, which I will enjoy greatly :-)","joy"
"MUSK is just HITLER if you remember that: M=HI U=TL S=E K=R!","approval"
"Cake! Happy days!","excitement"
"People need to quit flagging this post. If you come to r/stlouis then you are well aware we hate the Rams and [NAME].","neutral"
"Just. Buy. A. Table. It’s got to be less work than... this monstrosity.","neutral"
"Personally, I prefer my seafood not tainted by oil spills. But you do you!","confusion"
"yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.","neutral"
"So everyone who suffers a family loss should be exempt from paying any bills etc etc For how long? A month? Three?","neutral"
"Wow starters before 6 min mark?? Insane","disappointment"
"Weird. It always makes me horny.","neutral"
"I appreciate you being open about it. So I'm assuming you accept that the things you listed don't make you a woman, right?","admiration"
"Omg you’re so cute!","excitement"
"I’m not signing that 😂 dude can hopefully stay banned","disapproval"
"How are we going to get a high 2021 pick? Unless we lose a ton of games of course.","annoyance"
"I love how they all state the stupidity in the quote and the person saying it, with only a few realizing it's something [NAME] said.","anger"
"I'm on my third marriage. And it's been 26 years now. Sometimes a man's gotta do what a man does.","realization"
"I only buy Venus razors, in solidarity with women everywhere. Why should I get to make more *and* spend less on razors?","confusion"
"dude i get that he was making a joke","amusement"
"Ahhhhh you should start screaming and flailing. What a piss poor argument. Now I believe in invisible dragons.","neutral"
"Suctioning I'm almost certain. Now's the time for you to google.","neutral"
"actually pretty hot tho","admiration"
"[NAME] and [NAME] gonna run around and discover stuff","approval"
"Not possible to change da truth","disappointment"
"Am I the only one that doesn't what to see this? Tag this kind of stuff, please.","neutral"
"Bioavailability is poor without an emulsifier, this is not a practical method of administration.","disapproval"
"what a dumb moment of faux outrage. can't wait to see what contrived outrage someone thinks up next.","neutral"
"I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!","approval"
"If you like this than go watch My Self Reliance on YouTube. Start from the beginning. Very relaxing and fun.","approval"
"If you wanna be my lover, You gotta get with my fat, Make it last forever, Inconvinience never ends.","neutral"
"I'm strange as fuck, and I didn't grow up with money.","disgust"
"A classic. I have these.","neutral"
"I tried at a joke that relates to the post...","amusement"
"[NAME] on stand-by. 'Til All Are One!","neutral"
"hMMM [NAME] is actually my worst hero in the game. I’ll work on him, though","approval"
"Why aren't more men getting married???","confusion"
"And they haven't done that either. You're speculating with no basis.","neutral"
"Yeah. I killed them both.","neutral"
"Ugh. I know that interchange too well. People around here have been driving bonkerballs the last month or so too (more than usual)","realization"
"lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.","amusement"
">!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.","annoyance"
"It is possible to be a shitbag and also suffer the unfair competition of organized conglomerates of shitbags. Besides, OP wasn't referring to all independent farmers.","neutral"
"why does he look like [NAME]","neutral"
"Thank you. Hugs to you too","gratitude"
"Wow, that's so clever!","surprise"
"I have a very confused boner rn","relief"
"The important thing is that you're having fun","amusement"
"I’ve heard them say they are less likely to get a job.","neutral"
"False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.","disapproval"
"I bet the same person rails against monopolies.","desire"
"Also groin injury, he’d probably take the week off regardless. ","neutral"
"This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.","joy"
"Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!","joy"
"I get that but there may be some folks out there that aren’t like that. Any help would be much appreciated.","admiration"
"May live in Florida, but [NAME], NJ born and raised!!","neutral"
"And a reminder to me that I get to keep watching this sport and not start watching cricket.","approval"
"What a cool argument dude!! Lol. This coming from the worlds most empowered dater who can date anyone!! Stop age shaming.","amusement"
"God damn I miss this game!","sadness"
"Spice Burger. Delicious!","admiration"
"I Will as soon as I get out of The mental hospital lol thank you for recommending it. I love [NAME]","amusement"
"Love the alliteration here.","love"
"I kind of hate it when I agree with you, but definitely do this time. ","annoyance"
"[NAME] made that lmao","amusement"
"It says Expect. Which means nothing is official as of right now.","neutral"
"Did anyone else notice [NAME]' face twitching a little?","confusion"
"I usually respond with “my body is a prison” with no explanation and people just ???? and peace out.","remorse"
"Grizzly bear is a type of brown bear.","neutral"
"[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb","annoyance"
"I posted the picture on this sub. I'm not sure how to link on mobile, but someone else posted the link on this thread.","neutral"
"Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.","optimism"
"Today is just one of those all day long snack days. I will devour anything that is put in front of me","neutral"
"Dude you really like The Strokes.","love"
"I meant more likely than her killing them and running away.","neutral"
"Fair, although you'll get caught pretty easily like that","approval"
"Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well ","realization"
"hope so! Gfinity3 at the copperbox was an incredible event/atmosphere","admiration"
"You’re being bullied. Leave.","fear"
"If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.","curiosity"
"*nods* I know an unfortunate reality. I was presuming that he isn't in a situation like that based on what he said though.","neutral"
"What?! I am level 20 and I already had 4. I did 5 hide outs in total not counting the tutorial hide out.","approval"
"Appreciate the love! Maybe during the offseason, for sure! I'll pass it along","gratitude"
"Then am I correct in assuming that you categorically oppose the ridicule of all public figures in society for the same reason?","neutral"
"This one is the worst, by far","disgust"
"[NAME] is unbearable. I wish [NAME] had killed her.","annoyance"
"I used the term very loosely!","admiration"
"I'm not commenting on their chemistry or whatever, just that the age gaps are similar and it's ok to point that out either way.","approval"
"Someone had to do it when [NAME] got cut","approval"
"Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?","curiosity"
"Gettysburg is awesome, I've been twice. I want to go back as an adult! Have fun!","admiration"
"> He is not sexist and not a transphobe. I see you've never actually listened to him or read his work.","annoyance"
"Eh... just watch the season. The leaked pic of untucked was the week she goes home.","neutral"
"/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.","neutral"
"Same here! I was addicted to her and beaus stories during their trip to Europe right before filming this season. They are the best!","admiration"
"Redditors are racist.","annoyance"
"Hahaha. Oh [NAME]. Way to ruin the fun lol","amusement"
"**LET’S GO HAWKS!!!**","anger"
"Shout out to the two messy bots","neutral"
"not sure if this is a joke, but if you've ever worked at a dev studio, this adds credibility if anything","curiosity"
"I take it you haven't checked your balances lately...","realization"
"[NAME] and [NAME].","neutral"
"Pulling for you so much ❤️. You got this!","caring"
"Lol not your picture mate","amusement"
"A walker kid hanging from a basketball hoop [NAME]: [Visible Concern]","fear"
"You are welcome mr/ms [NAME]","gratitude"
"Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.","confusion"
"They might if there was something to eat in the middle :s it's giving me shudders just watching it :S","neutral"
"Those sound yummy!","excitement"
"Oh good god. This is not what makes someone Minnesotan. Or backtrack. This might be the exact type of post that makes someone look Minnesotan.","neutral"
"They’re probably fighting, that’s why she’s *really* getting out of the house for “self care.”","realization"
"Glad we aren't all like you , the world would have sucked","annoyance"
"well, i mean, he served his sentence and repaid his debt. is his punishment over, or is it forever?","curiosity"
"I like the hints of purple","love"
"7 billion people doing things realtime is not to be underestimated","disapproval"
"It amazes me that she can FaceTune video","admiration"
"And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game","anger"
"Something Is wrong with your account then. The auctions I win get plastered all over my email and app notifications.","confusion"
"What? Trolls? Actually, yeah, probably. ","neutral"
"Sorry, you misread. I thought you'd written "why had they done that". IIRC, it's in the report they published. ","approval"
"Nothing wrong with pasta or bread. Stop buying bleached flour products and get whole grain.","neutral"
"downvoted to hell but i understand your experience. salute, soldier.","admiration"
"I bet you could get away with this at work just fine.","approval"
"I was prepared to accept [NAME] for Pirela!","realization"
"> [NAME] X-Wing in TLJ appears to be a newer model, T-70, like [NAME]. that make it even more stupid....","annoyance"
"The epitome of the virgin soyboy/Alpha [NAME] meme.","neutral"
"Wow....thank you...you just "woke" me up :) ","gratitude"
"I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this... ","love"
"Not even getting my hopes up at all. Story of our life- Padres fan.","disapproval"
"OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time","approval"
"I would love to find a like minded boyfriend but I given up on that already...","love"
"Step back and think about your comment then delete it.","neutral"
"Making a woman feel uncomfortable is harassment and trying to flirt without a sign of interest just makes women uncomfortable","neutral"
"Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.","annoyance"
"In that I should not have posted it or it's just really blatant","nervousness"
"Didn't realize they were shipping the challenge coins with Israeli FAL rifles, that makes this whole thing even weirder.","fear"
"Or you can just support your local farmers that slaughter their animals in an ethical and way less horrifying way.","caring"
"Dude. I was hoping this would actually be helpful. I'm so tired of helping little kids open their milk cartons at the elementary I work at.","optimism"
"That is by far too strong of a passive","optimism"
"Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.","gratitude"
"When an article implies something rather than stating it explicitly, it's almost always to create a better headline.","neutral"
"This is horrifying","fear"
"So [NAME] guided the process of canonization but then left?","curiosity"
"My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs","fear"
"Cleavage: Nature's Brass Catcher.","neutral"
"Dirt, glass, poop whatever you dont want on your feet.","neutral"
"...and that's just the reaction to them introducing themselves","neutral"
"Who has the skills to turn this into a fight seen? Maybe ninjas or the 7 dwarves","curiosity"
"you obviously dont know how the wilpons work lol","disapproval"
"there needs to be a win, fail or something related to alcohol. Theres none; just a girl dancing and you faping:","desire"
"I’m surprised the comments and views on that channel haven’t gone crazy.","surprise"
"She shouldn’t have to fight a male.","disapproval"
"[NAME] was pretty rude to the maintenance guy too, but what a comeback he had for [NAME]!","excitement"
"Was thinking this would go the route of actually eating the thin guy. Bravo. 👏👏","admiration"
"But it does? Admittedly it does take a couple days and a few friendly reminders","curiosity"
"wow! trust issues.","surprise"
"No one has the stinky pinky when everyone has the stinky pinky.","neutral"
"I don't think anyone deserves to be killed, no matter how terrible they are.","disapproval"
"Omg my 3yr old kept rubbing it all over his face the other day too!! 😆","neutral"
"Oh, goodness!","optimism"
"I’ve always thought he was overrated until now","remorse"
"I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can. ","embarrassment"
"I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :) ","gratitude"
"This is reddit, unfortunately it's entirely possible he isn't being sarcastic","disappointment"
"Except they call him. He doesn't go to their campuses and try to pick off the weak.","caring"
"You don’t know how many screens it’s playing on in his room","neutral"
"always try to avoid triggers - my last 12 day streak was suddenly toppled by a trigger - no urges and then, suddenly, a *massive* urge","annoyance"
"so wont back up your words? thats how i thought this would go.justifies *everything* I HAVE SAID.","neutral"
"I gave the show a chance because I enjoyed Bad Education. AP Bio is pretty bad compared to it. Hopefully season 2 improves.","disapproval"
"I dont know.. i did message him many times but he didnt reply me.. i am worried about him. I asked his mother about him","caring"
"They're the ultimate hodlers; the ones who've lost their private keys.","admiration"
"You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.","neutral"
"oh, okay","approval"
"this is [NAME].","neutral"
""Figured you might like to learn something."","neutral"
"Why was this deleted?","curiosity"
"I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...","love"
"It should be played between two biggest NCAA violators of the year as a punishment.","neutral"
"Hoping you’re gonna experience a ton of good days from here on out dude","optimism"
"Nah, rest is pretty cringe too","embarrassment"
"I hope you are not living in Australia. That heat has been killing Masturbators left and right.","neutral"
"AA is BS as a whole. Meritocracy or GTFO.","neutral"
"YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories","love"
"I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.","admiration"
"We need to fight both opression and the SJWs guys, they don't know the struggle of peeing with a boner","neutral"
"I wish you to experience exactly the same feelings that I'm experiencing","desire"
"Nah I dont think the panthers are good enough","neutral"
"I think he's a lustful, gluttonous, greedy, lazy, wrathful, envious, and prideful man. ","anger"
"Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*","love"
"Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...","disappointment"
"If she says she is thinking of leaving maybe she wants you to prove to her that she shouldn't?","curiosity"
"Seriously?","anger"
"Hi [NAME]. Glad you are joining us and am looking forward to watching your episode. Did you do sleeve or rny? I am having rny in 2 weeks!","confusion"
"Good answer. Thanks for taking the time.","admiration"
"I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢","sadness"
"There are people worse than him out in the world right now. He has praised many of them them on numerous occasions.","neutral"
"Love this picture","admiration"
"the rubber coming off is always a problem","sadness"
"Thank you for answering me, I did ask him Straight forward but he just told me is busy ","gratitude"
"[NAME] just think of how overworked her liver and kidneys must be!!","realization"
"Facts no fiction","neutral"
"Kinda like how he wants to “out” kids?","confusion"
"They probably make up 2/3rds of the income/salaries though.","neutral"
"Well fuck my kids then","neutral"
"I absolutely hate the guy. Can't stand him. But we live in country with laws and he broke none. I think lynch mobs are more gross","anger"
"Thanks for the advice I really appreciate it and I hope you're doing better now!","gratitude"
"I agree. That is a fight better left for later.","approval"
"It's a shortcut, dude, he just knows the map!","approval"
"So, that's super illegal in the U.S. And a cooler is not worth slicing someone's finger tips open. ","neutral"
"FLY EAGLES FLY!!!","neutral"
"It’s always nice to say something [nice]!","excitement"
"You're right. Lets see what Fox News Analyst Lt. Col. [NAME] has to say about Fox","approval"
"My poor space bar takes an awful bashing with all the pausing in a Squidge vid","annoyance"
"Watch the movie. Its worth it","admiration"
"Surprisingly, not a lot of people know though.","surprise"
"In the USA you would've gotten that imaging faster.... *then* mortgage your house for that knee replacement","neutral"
"It’s amazing what can happen if you work and want to win.","admiration"
"Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.","disgust"
"I hate they way he says "ssssshit"","annoyance"
"The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.","approval"
"How come nobody even reacted?","neutral"
"And in the case of human trafficking, these people we should be given homes and protection instead of being tossed out to be abused in their home country","optimism"
"Thank you! Happy New Year, hopefully it's a good one","excitement"
"Isn't this from [NAME]?","neutral"
"also a harsh NOOOO when disgusted","disapproval"
"Maybe, that’d be sick. But ya, I really doubt it.","disapproval"
"For goodness sake give [NAME] a rest. After the last game he said he was so tired from running so much.","pride"
"I hate deer. Damn big assed rats","anger"
"That's not [NAME]. That's [NAME]. His family founded this country.","neutral"
"Yes! Dont you love to let babies suck you with a perfect jawline!","admiration"
"whoa, mama mia, boy","neutral"
"I thought we had a rule against incel content?","neutral"
"You're a big guy.","admiration"
"Damn I wish there was such a service here.","desire"
"Thanks:D","gratitude"
"Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me","neutral"
"Drugs are a hell of a drug...","anger"
"C'mon. Ship computer would *never* cheat on Geordi La Forge!","neutral"
"I have no objection to nudity, but why is this a thing? So dumb. ","confusion"
"So many abrupt and unnecessary transitions with undefined lane guides to make space for ...nothing.","neutral"
"I don't.","neutral"
"A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.","gratitude"
"Because [NAME] has been active for 4 years and every time he makes an appearance at their police station [NAME] is somehow conveniently not around.","neutral"
"I’d rather give up masturbation. No time for it anyway when I work.","neutral"
"Once or twice a day","neutral"
"I like it!","approval"
"True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.","approval"
"Lucky for me nothing just broke!","neutral"
"Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Good advice thank you I appreciate it. I need to learn to focus my mind again","gratitude"
"Maybe it needs to be "Hall of Shame" instead of a museum.","confusion"
"Monthly blood loss totaling 9-12 oz on average. That and never being able to feel safe.","disappointment"
"Dream market is also down for me in the USA","disapproval"
"Fortnite is not a good game anymore smh my head","disapproval"
"Horseshoe effect going on with FBPE and the no deal brexiteers, basically if you're soft remainer or brexiteers they hate you. The irony ha","neutral"
"[NAME] isn't exactly a lyrical genius set's be real: that dumbass just couldn't come up with a different rhyme.","annoyance"
""...one last time for good measure"","admiration"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Box rental? What year are you living in?","neutral"
"B, I dont frink coffee anyways ","neutral"
"This internet stranger is also super proud of you! Way to go!!!","admiration"
"It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me","fear"
"Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!","joy"
"See, this... This is how an e-friendship ends 😋","neutral"
"Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].","optimism"
"deliberately getting in someone's face while they are in the middle of what would qualify as prayer is disrespect.","neutral"
"Over 38 games against City we aint got a hope, but over 90 minutes.. hmm. Hmmmmmmmm.","desire"
"That’s absolutely fantastic but I literally was only pointing out the last time I can remember Connecticut being in the national spotlight.","admiration"
"Broken. Good and grtting better.","approval"
"Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down. ","gratitude"
"I am from Darwin, and can NOT confirm that "Darwin has a surprisingly high amount of good looking women" Must be hanging around the wrong places","neutral"
"No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.","disappointment"
"Wow wish I could take that. That is an absolute steal. Not a lock by any means but value alone is worth it","realization"
"Omg I forgot which is good 🤮. This almost topped the steak in the butt cheeks. Almost ☝️","neutral"
"Lol. It's funny cause people might do it.","amusement"
"Eh. Totally possible. Even if he did know he's drunk and could be having a laugh about it.","amusement"
"My man!","excitement"
"There was a fuel station near mine where they put the fuel in the wrong underground tanks. So you can at least unload it wrong.","neutral"
"[NAME] just might be the hardest working man in hockey.","admiration"
"Pretty nice to see CONCACAF signing for the CPL.","love"
"Better hope nobody steals your keys","approval"
"Nononononoyes their doing this knowing that they are going to kill the bull no matter what, he deserves it.","neutral"
"It makes it especially delicious when our one sub with ~100 active members gets accused of controlling the entire political debate on Reddit","joy"
"Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment","disappointment"
"[NAME] from elfen lied is that you?","confusion"
"If that's ice cream, then honestly I eat ice cream from a cup at home. It's great for portion control.","approval"
"There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.","disappointment"
"Sad because you don't get any women?","sadness"
""LOOK AT ME!!"","neutral"
"Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!","optimism"
"Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.","anger"
"Sorry, my phrasing was terrible. Not across the board, but eggs are definitely an example where OP was right.","gratitude"
"i communicate through morse code by constantly crouching and standing up. I generally prefer explaining how my oponent can improve when i beat them badly","approval"
"Just put ice on it man","neutral"
"Because in some cases parents are basically having their own children kidnapped and held against their will and forced into these programs. This is child abuse.","sadness"
"Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.","neutral"
"[NAME] someone kick this dork","amusement"
"No. This simply is not the case","disapproval"
"Not sure where people get them from but I see people offering them out here and there so thought I'd take advantage","confusion"
"Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!","joy"
"I would enjoy this if it had a few more pixels.","excitement"
"Wow, what a violent cunt.","excitement"
"Thank you sm","gratitude"
"I am glad your okay.","caring"
"I desperately want to believe you but then","desire"
"But he makes her vagina sing! How else is she supposed to act around him. Haha","amusement"
"ok i noticed the eyelashes but the rest is really unnoticable","realization"
"Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure. ","amusement"
"Okay, two men's fault.","approval"
"Not sure about OP, but caffeine tends to make many people more anxious (especially those with a co-morbid anxiety disorder(s)).","nervousness"
"Actually someone already said goodbye so checkmate idiot","anger"
"Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year","joy"
"Some say [NAME] is still trapped to this day in those abs.","neutral"
"You Done?","neutral"
"Oh this is that one he posted a while back with the dinosaur and flowers 🤢","realization"
"Great pick! Especially when I realized she was meant to lose yesterday...good luck!","admiration"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"Damn that coyote was a fucking noob.","disappointment"
"So I play competitive with a group of people and being the one widow is most likely fake or just wild speculation.","neutral"
"To drool on.","neutral"
"Dude nice catch lol","amusement"
"Also there's better ways we can spend taxpayer dollars than on another election.","disapproval"
"WE'LL CALL IT A DRAW","neutral"
"The Subbanator!","neutral"
"Looks like he's been dealing with a wrecking ball of stuff","neutral"
"Yeah - we never had a fight. I'm glad we managed to end it in good terms. Thanks a lot for the sentiment, mate. Cheers!","gratitude"
"Any normal draft game is more serious than a silver or gold game. Atleast thats what I see.","neutral"
"Which is weird because it also looks like dog treats","disgust"
"I am afraid to look, but my morbid curiosity draws me to ask.","curiosity"
"To my knowledge, Blizzard doesn't have problem with ppl having more than one account. ","neutral"
"Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.","neutral"
"I for one am happy for [NAME] ballin out. Now let's go win this game !!!!","joy"
"Orange man bad.","neutral"
"It’s beautiful hun","admiration"
"I'm a firm believer that you should take courses before having children, that you should have a license for them","realization"
"Just do it!","admiration"
"That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.","annoyance"
"You can always kneel.","neutral"
"no, mostly just spurred from mild boredom and thinking of the [NAME] future. Getting a gauge at the caliber of players chosen at #12.","approval"
"Why not make a piece and send it to them?","confusion"
"Confusing yet wholesome A cancer on a cancer that kills all the cancer, so maybe, cancer is the cure to cancer itself!","confusion"
"SE 89th just north of Brooklyn St is one of the worst I've driven.","disappointment"
"I honestly can't imagine [NAME] using any kind of profanity lol","amusement"
"I think I speak for most when I say: Please post the video","neutral"
"I've agreed with this since day one. Check out his match he he had with [NAME] back in NXT","neutral"
"Make sure you say hi to her next time you see her.","neutral"
"What about the hipster couple? Were you able to get their lawn on track?","curiosity"
"Nah eats the heads when he’s finished with them. I punt them so I can buy fresh meat.","neutral"
"Great! Thanks for the ideas","admiration"
"Kleber 1 on 3 doesn’t matter lol","neutral"
"That is absolutely brilliant. Thank you so much for your help and support.","admiration"
"It's not so uplifting that it's guaranteed to die in the Senate...","neutral"
"It’s got to be embarrassing at this point","embarrassment"
"[NAME] is in Valkyrie, we're SAAAFFffffeeeee........","neutral"
"Pam Beesly and Jim... What a waste.","disgust"
"Now they can say they tried and that the big evil NRA and the GOP foiled their plans to make America safer.","neutral"
"I am an atheist and the idea of a god makes me disgusted and angry so I prefer not to be religious","disgust"
"Ayyy best game ever! Thanks for the love","admiration"
"One day they are going to do data-analysis of my leave patterns and see that almost all of my personal/sick leave happens in the second half of the year.","neutral"
"That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted","approval"
"You can't leave the ECHR while a member of the EU so they are not "totally separate"","neutral"
"If you've only flown private for most of your life, it's hard to not think it's uncomfortable. ","confusion"
"[NAME]. It just seems like it’d be more fun.","joy"
":). Can you post your percentages tho, I am curious. ","curiosity"
"[NAME] is completely delusional. She’s in extreme denial and only hears and sees what she wants to.","neutral"
"Well then take my upvote my sub soulmate. lol","amusement"
"Or just head on to Galleon's Grave. I just hate Dagger Tooth.","annoyance"
"That is beyond disgusting.","disgust"
"Now I'm wondering if [NAME] drinks, and if he's ever been inebriated during one of his deals.","surprise"
"She clearly was too afraid to speak up.","fear"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** SirVortivask! ^(hug)","joy"
"You know what to do. Start telling people.","caring"
"Actually yes the left does need to earn my loyalty if they want me to keep voting for them","approval"
"It's like [NAME] said, man. You look for the guy that benefits, and uh... You know, uh...","neutral"
"Aw thanks for the hug, and yeah he did sound like a jerk. ","disgust"
"I haven't done enough orders yet to get anything other than money for dashes.","remorse"
"My wife would say that all of the above and another dozen more are cheating...and she wonders why I’ve fucked other women...","disappointment"
"You’ve never been to Oakland, Hayward, or Richmond?","curiosity"
"Wait...does that mean they acknowledge the 100 million figure? 👀","curiosity"
"Stay away from any of the Firkin pubs, they recycle the beer and fries! 🤢","neutral"
"There you go. You contradict your original position with the [NAME] scenario. That’s a good start.","admiration"
"You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.","anger"
"*Emotionally* we're winning 10-0","joy"
"So everyone elses advice is invalid? Elaborate.","realization"
"It’s showing up on mobile aswell, the double slash is weird for me though, probably on his end","annoyance"
"Thanks appreciate it","gratitude"
"[NAME] you are a freak...","neutral"
"Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!","anger"
"Well no dur","annoyance"
"That doesn’t seem like very responsible presentation of findings.","neutral"
"Every game counts for the Kings tho. Suns are out if the playoff race and this is a must win for the Kings. BOL!","approval"
"I can't wait to finally sacrifice my body and soul to [NAME], with a whole crowd of onlookers to witness it.","admiration"
"You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.","disgust"
"You have a minute to win it. Every second counts!","caring"
"How much carbon you're removing doesn't matter much if you're still adding way more than you remove.","neutral"
"And he even dared to reference fairly odd parents in there, wtf lol","amusement"
"Absolutely not. What if a girl did this to you? Instant turn off. She doesn't seem interested. Keep the communication face-to-face at this point.","disappointment"
"Looks like *[NAME]* was there with her murderous [NAME].","annoyance"
"Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.","sadness"
"Ah, alt right thinking. Afraid of people who have anything 'upstairs,' or 'between their ears.'","fear"
"Stop. The Bulls played great tonight.","admiration"
"Except that he's doing it because there's an election quickly approaching.","approval"
"#I BELIEVE IN [NAME]","love"
"I didn't know that! Thanks!","annoyance"
"She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input.","annoyance"
"I tend to invalidate my feelings because I’m always worried that they’re going to think that being silly, I’m always struggling with it","neutral"
"Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol","neutral"
"What are you smoking?","confusion"
"Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!","desire"
"See also: "Useless College Degrees From Prestigious and Ridiculously Overpriced Universities"","neutral"
"I never really thought of myself as an ex-[RELIGION] until recently, so many no.","realization"
"It’s irreversible, we’ve started something bigger than we know.","neutral"
"remind me of this kid. Young people just being innocent on the internet","admiration"
"Ah. I can't see that when replying in my inbox and didn't see his name the first time I checked here to read other comments","neutral"
"The goodest human","admiration"
"This is a gift for my rematch secret Santa recipient. I hope they’re both confused and amused.","confusion"
"No I didn't. PM me your username here and I'll reach out to you.","approval"
"Happy one week anniversary","joy"
"I do but I like my job. I just hate the fact I HAVE to go do it.","neutral"
"Oops, guess youre straight now!","confusion"
"Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?","gratitude"
"Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰","optimism"
"Because they're rapists themselves or share rapist-like behaviors","annoyance"
"That explains it. Who was it?","neutral"
"Yeah, I understand. Sorry about that, have a nice week!","gratitude"
"Go forth brother and make her so. If you build it, they will come. ","neutral"
"And he doesn’t even stop. It’s your work truck, man! They’re going to find out regardless. ","anger"
"You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.","annoyance"
"Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them. ","love"
"Because [NAME] base are also the kind of folk who like [NAME]. In the end it only helps him.","neutral"
"I like to imagine that this is england in its entirety","joy"
"I would actually accept this being a fun thing to do if there's such a thing as glow in the dark hot glue.","neutral"
"Oh you mean [NAME]?","surprise"
"[NAME]... I'm sorry. This is just wrong. I, can't.","disapproval"
"[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational","neutral"
"Unfortunately there are also far less/weaker unions now too","disappointment"
"I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.","neutral"
"I feel a connection to this woman","love"
"I'm 27. I've been thinking about joining the club, just to avoid this inevitability ","realization"
"They must have misheard 'deal' for 'meal'","neutral"
"i saw that before. what does that have to do with this?","neutral"
"Congratulations! Welcome to the world, new person!","excitement"
"oh i don’t want to bother anyone with my pathetic problems","disappointment"
"This makes me so happy, having a step parent can be a sensitive thing but you are definitely a good example of what to do, congrats!","gratitude"
"I am having fun haha :D *creeper mode on* jk lol","joy"
"Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.","disappointment"
"Happy Cake Day [NAME]! Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.","admiration"
"Go lie somewhere else. Go to Faux News or something. They,ll believe you.","neutral"
"Lmao that’s so true","approval"
"Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.","admiration"
"Wow, if I hadn't seen my mom's cat recently I'd think this was him! I hope you find the owners","realization"
"Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?","sadness"
"*slams obvious repost on the desk* Pack your things. Get outta my subreddit","anger"
"Say what you want, [NAME] is putting on a goddamn show","neutral"
"This dude was super cool","approval"
"I skipped the Oilers game for a birthday party for a cat. I’m glad I did that instead.","excitement"
"Aw thanks!!!","gratitude"
"Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?","neutral"
"Stedying not cool job... we will pley and swegsters i am a vary gud bad boy","realization"
"Haha fair enough. Lucky you :P","amusement"
"Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!","admiration"
"That first fall was clearly the universe trying to save her from losing her face.","amusement"
"I wqs explqining my problems and my past to him, sort of venting, and that's when he offered.","neutral"
"We are not Barcelona or PSG we have structured wages.","annoyance"
"OH YEAH!!","excitement"
"I adore Brutus and Pixie!!","love"
"DDay was only a month ago...slow down. Get yourself healed up. Hang with friends. Read a relationship book.","neutral"
"I can’t help but think it’s BS because he found the girl 30minutes ago and his first reaction is to post to reddit about it.","neutral"
"Your dad is awesome","admiration"
"I laughed so hard.","amusement"
"This is some of the worst passing I've ever seen.","disappointment"
"I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.","neutral"
"Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(","sadness"
"Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.","disgust"
"Oh no this is cute","admiration"
"just give me platinum and go to sleep ♥️","admiration"
"[NAME] was pulling a knife on [NAME].","neutral"
"Have fun with shingles then.","approval"
"Damn liberals!","disappointment"
"My turn should arrive this year. At least this place will allow me to leave my last words.","optimism"
"Exit scam. Check out their cold wallets, holy shit.","anger"
"I think the biggest fucking thing is that apparently reaper has a goddamn family himself.","annoyance"
"Such a good doggo, and no one gets to pet her and let her know.","admiration"
"I sure hope so! Otherwise, I've been in the wrong sub.","approval"
"Easily one of the Top 5 Best Interviews ever","admiration"
"I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.","disgust"
"Is this in New Orleans?? I really feel like this is New Orleans.","neutral"
"Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.","realization"
"[NAME] really about to get a trip dub against us lol","amusement"
"Oh wow, this is the first I've heard of her aligning with those people. ","amusement"
"80% of the country is putting their faith in a man who doesn’t even have personal awareness of where he is.","annoyance"
"This is amazing.","admiration"
"I have that problem myself sometimes.","annoyance"
"Yeah I guess in perspective it really isn't a big number at all.","approval"
"no wait come back","neutral"
"Well, it's you on mobile)","neutral"
"yeah i guess being a sexually unsuccessful giant dweeb is being red pilled","sadness"
"Yeah weird feelings too","anger"
"I read this to my 17 year old brother and he was kinda pissed off just saying","pride"
"[NAME] is one of my favorite non dodger players, he’d make a great addition to the dodgers, hope they push for him ","neutral"
"Because the first part of the day was pretty lame, amirite?","disappointment"
"When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.","sadness"
"GYROBALL!!!","neutral"
"What a coincidence. I also had a Bort.","surprise"
"Does anyone know if there's a place I can donate to help her two little kids?","curiosity"
"Well first, im against government period, and second im conveying this under a layer of satire to make the ideas spread more easily","neutral"
"Minimalist aesthetic stuff that doesn’t look goofy.","disgust"
">uploaded sept 20, 2016 >frysuspiciouseyes.jpg","neutral"
">It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.","optimism"
"What does all that pill shit they talk about mean anyways? Like what the fuck is a black pill and a red pill?","confusion"
"Why are you so salty? Who hurt you?","curiosity"
"You two are on lists now.","neutral"
"When you insult someone you might want to start by insulting them to where they can understand what you're trying to say...who givES A fuck .","anger"
"Not to mention people who illegally own guns probably aren't going to admit it for a study either.","anger"
"I love that! We need a "We have cookies" line for her, now!","love"
"Interesting, thanks!","gratitude"
"As a risk analyst, that's a terrible idea, Risk is too high and the benefit to cost ratio is not worth it ","disapproval"
"You specifically believe that if a mortal sin is not confessed a person is damned.","neutral"
"Chi snowing. Can't get a break.... Also I'm crushing it.","anger"
"She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.","love"
"Basic translation "I'd rape you if I weren't a virgin!" Super creepy.","disgust"
"You don’t owe anyone your suffering or your future. Ever.","neutral"
"Was at wreck beach yesterday a guy was masturbating around kids family etc just sitting next to a log...","anger"
"Mine did too","approval"
"my name’s [NAME] and i usually get a lot of [NAME] references. i cringe smile almost every time","neutral"
"YOU HAVE JUST DECAPITATED [NAME]!","disapproval"
"Yes, huge problems. Buy it anyway. Such a sexy car with the power and fun to drive factor to match.","admiration"
"Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.","disapproval"
"Then enjoy your shutdown!","joy"
"**Takes away membership card* HOW DARE YOU SIR!!!","anger"
"Roll survival check! Ooh, a nat 1, sorry kid","anger"
"that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.","disapproval"
"I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda","gratitude"
"[NAME] is 110% 24/7/365 all the time Swag, I just can't fathom.","neutral"
"Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.","optimism"
"I don't mean at Blizzcon but shortly after, like a week, imo that would have been for the best for the players and everyone involved","optimism"
"- [NAME]","neutral"
"All the best, [NAME] bless.","approval"
"That was around 5 grand but cheers and hope wherever you go in life keeps you happy and striving to go higher!","approval"
"Did you say that the person getting the exact day did not mean anything because you had heard from someone else it was that day?","curiosity"
"Did someone say [NAME] I love or hate her but I love her don’t @ me","love"
"Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you","love"
"Playing the golden oldies eh?","curiosity"
"Look... they are pretending it never happened. Lol.","amusement"
"Sleep tight [NAME]!","caring"
"I saw in another thread that the kid had previously pranked the barber, and this was his way of getting back at him. ","approval"
"This show would suck without him. It would just be the same old [NAME] bullies someone bs it usually is","disappointment"
"Oh hello there, food","neutral"
"Stolen valor, there's no way someone who is actually in the military wouldn't understand this. You're a POSER","neutral"
"Following in the long tradition of network cop shows. Dat [NAME] ass tho.","disappointment"
"His music is bad starting with that yeezus album","disgust"
"I did that my first day of middle school (got off at high school instead) but that's probably because I'm an idiot","annoyance"
"[NAME] supporters don’t see it as offensive.","disapproval"
"Incredibly frustrating.","nervousness"
"[NAME] with that birthday gift","neutral"
"Thank you for taking the time to respond.","gratitude"
"*my fat normie slut*","neutral"
"And I’ll be there!!!","curiosity"
"I mean retirement age was set at 65 because it *was* the average age people died. Living beyond retirement was never supposed to be a guaranteed plan.","approval"
"Also one of my favorite parts of this story.","neutral"
"To bad they didn’t SHOOT the low life😡😡😡😡","neutral"
"Damn, this one sucks doubly so considering all the positive threads on here today.","neutral"
"For your kindness to mobile users I give a platinum ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃","neutral"
"So when I say the eagles just won a chip what would that insinuate.. not everybody has the same terminology sorry if you view my perception wrong","confusion"
"There are a lot of miserable people on reddit, don’t let them get to you ","neutral"
"Oh I didn't even see that at first! I thought it was just a clipboard, but you've found a second angle! ","neutral"
"With the way [NAME] carried himself in Hard Knocks I wouldn’t be surprised if he flew off the handle during his firing.","admiration"
"Completely understandable. Maybe mom should book flights a little bit farther in advance next time though!","neutral"
"Small btc withdrawals are slowly happening. Really curious to know if any large btc withdrawals have been successful.","curiosity"
"Oh you sweet summer child. She's a cop. She's not getting convicted for anything. A year from now she'll have her job back.","neutral"
"Been getting this same feeling these days.. idk what it is I just have no drive anymore maybe once the cwl comes back it’ll help","confusion"
"I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.","anger"
"> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.","amusement"
"Having met [NAME] wife (figuratively)... I reckon [NAME] is a bit of a monster...","nervousness"
"You’re a kind soul who deserves a pair of $250 coach sunglasses","admiration"
"Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now","approval"
"Or a "what if" episode where [NAME] and [NAME] didn't die!","confusion"
"Weird flex but okay","annoyance"
"Reywalker fans are setting themselves for another heartbreak then blame the director afterwards.","neutral"
"Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.","remorse"
"Wow I’m dealing with this too been blocked for a while miss them tremendously but no dice only choice is moving on","annoyance"
"put that mofo in a wheelchair next sseason, get some yards.","neutral"
"I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere","love"
"Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it ","admiration"
"Uh huh hyuck!","anger"
"She also has no experience, no accomplishments, no following outside of Reddit. She remind me of an overhyped college draft pick.","annoyance"
"Hell yeah if it were me I would be cheesing ear to ear!","neutral"
"Are you saying he screwed it up?","curiosity"
"They're killing themselves","neutral"
"That’s kind of the point of comment sections.","neutral"
"And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.","anger"
"I’ve made candies almonds and cashews in a slow cooker before. They’re surprisingly not mushy or soggy.","surprise"
"C'mon Mr [NAME], you're not going to eat all that watermelon.","neutral"
"That's less functional and more cleanup though...","neutral"
"True, C9 fans are manchildren","neutral"
"I agree. Pockets especially on dresses just feel weird.","approval"
"Would anyone actually pay close to $100? And how difficult would it be to do this?","neutral"
"Whataboutism then. Some of the worst I've seen at that too.","neutral"
"... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair","caring"
"[NAME] playing great this half","gratitude"
"Yes!!!!","neutral"
"Article is behind a pay wall","neutral"
"Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.","anger"
"Keep yourself occupied go play videogames or something that really occupies your attention","caring"
"But this was a supposed psychopath attack, which can happen to anyone, not a rape attack that mostly happens to women","anger"
"You should have gone and joined her for a drink.... That’s my dream... Eventually sit down and enjoy a drink with my siblings.","desire"
"I can tell you professionals didn’t do it that way in 2009.","approval"
"Whisper me your steam id but it'll be 1-2 hours until I can start playing","neutral"
"That's the weirdest dream I've heard of, but maybe you just have a high midichlorian count 😂","disgust"
"Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?","disgust"
"Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.","approval"
"not sure why your rhetorical question got downvoted.","confusion"
"Sounds like you got really lucky bro :). Did you ever see the guy again? If so, did he ever bully you again? ","caring"
"Stop. How can you watch [NAME] these past years and think he has 2-3 years left.","disapproval"
"Is this [NAME] comics? His Simpsons stuff is great","admiration"
"Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!","disappointment"
"Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).","anger"
"FREE STUFF!","neutral"
"Damn, I fell for the myth. Thanks for pointing it out.","gratitude"
"Wow, really have to hand it to you on knowing 6600 S Harvard beautiful big old homes down there!","surprise"
"Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.","sadness"
"I have several questions.","confusion"
"No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.","surprise"
"Nice to see someone actually posted something useful here. :D Thanks!","excitement"
"As a song from my favorite anime of all time goes: "Make the impossible possible"","admiration"
"No wonder they don’t want us using the word “retarded”...it all makes sense now","neutral"
"Actually nothing. The only thing is it's hard to brush while sitting down. I have to stand up.","sadness"
"Oh, haha Gladstone is a town in North Qld Australia as well... thanks Reddit","amusement"
"I will never forgive and never forget for this one","disapproval"
"I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!","excitement"
"Love you (No homo)","love"
"Oof, what a bad and dated meme","annoyance"
"My knees, I had to quit running because they got so bad. Even hiking starts hurting after awhile, especially on long downhills Also glasses and deep voices","sadness"
"I don't even really like Papa Johns, but I'm starving and that looks amazing right now.","excitement"
"Why did he think that you work there? People visit hospitals all the time.","curiosity"
"Oh that makes sense. But still I think asking a girl to touch her boobs is pretty creepy xD","neutral"
"You are oddly defensive about a random chef. Did you come to /r/wewantplates just to insult people and build up this chef? [NAME]","caring"
"I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.","neutral"
"That they don't work for everyone doesn't mean they are a scam.","disapproval"
"No, if the cat's going to escalate then he needs to as well. It's bath time. ","neutral"
"Imagine being so indoctrinated, that you believe that any place that doesn't actually talk shit about [NAME] constantly is a right wing circle jerk. ","neutral"
"Why is assuming the Hereditary Chiefs "speak in their name only" the rational assumption to make? What kind of assurances would be sufficient?","confusion"
"I don't remember if I've entered","confusion"
"Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.","gratitude"
"My poor space bar takes an awful bashing with all the pausing in a Squidge vid","disgust"
"Just got home from work, do we really have 4 goals on 8 SOG?","curiosity"
"I'm sure there's a trash bag full of 'em around there somewhere. Probably next to the insulin. You want some?","approval"
"It’s a shame that the name of the man doing the kicking is lost to history.","disappointment"
"That's a weird answer.","annoyance"
"I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.","neutral"
"I find Asian men hot and have dated a few - I'm a white woman","approval"
"Yes, we are going to kink shame you. ","embarrassment"
"Not the entire party","neutral"
"OMG she's BYEsexual. Sorry I had to.","remorse"
"I keep forgetting she won! Just goes Bob Alaska Aquaria for me until I’m reminded!","pride"
"I like to bring up the fact that all of these pyramid schemes have corporate offices that have the exact same structure they are railing against.","love"
"Honestly tho. You ever have someone order loaded fries like 2 minutes before you close your kitchen? I have. This is similar to what they got.","neutral"
"No I mean live","neutral"
"It took me forever to realize it was not in fact [NAME]....","remorse"
"I can’t call anyone Daddy. Not even my Dad. It just feels weird and creepy and I’m not 4.","disappointment"
"Thanks for being here. :-) We can always use allies.","gratitude"
"Serve eviction notice, get some press, that’ll really get things moving","neutral"
"I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.","neutral"
"You shot well. UVA's defense wasn't that bad that game in all honesty. People underestimate the amount of luck involved in basketball, bottom line. ","admiration"
"Just got a bit worried because it's always showed up instantly for me before","fear"
"Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned","sadness"
"Now you're lying. Suburbs = more than Bellevue and Kirkland.","embarrassment"
"That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women","anger"
"Me too I hope all goes well for both of us","disgust"
"Just don't call me late for dinner.","annoyance"
"I haven’t seen this format before. And I don’t even know if it’s original. But I like it.","admiration"
"Also packed with preservatives and extra chemicals! Homemade Bread: 4 ingredients, Store Bread: ~22 ingredients...","neutral"
"Person #1: “well that was fun.” *turns around* “Guys...?”","neutral"
"I did Google it, you self-righteous colossal turd, and turned up nothing. So forgive me if I don't trust your hearsay.","disappointment"
"Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.","amusement"
"happy cake day","excitement"
"Thanks I will consider that :)","gratitude"
"Reading some of the stories on this sub make me appreciate my family more.","approval"
"It’s a party and we’re all invited","joy"
"[NAME] lost 250-57 1st map to EU and then just quit and wasted all of EUs time.","neutral"
"It’s like you guys actually **want** a dictator.","annoyance"
"I don’t think you know what competitive gameplay means Hint-I don’t mean a worthless number by your name","disapproval"
"I miss [NAME] and [NAME]. :(","disappointment"
"Yeah I dont know. :S","neutral"
"Feed this mans!","neutral"
"Buddy I think you may have been wooooshed..","approval"
"If fathers could have a say though... do you really think that would result in less children?? Id say it would result in more..","neutral"
"I mean he did murder someone and isn’t in jail...","neutral"
"Yes. They don't care about the will of the people anyway.","neutral"
"I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)","approval"
"Ok. But you claimed it was NEM and now you think it's neither after being fact checked.","neutral"
"[NAME] is a happy boi!!","joy"
"Yeah greyhound was shut down here and its not looking good everywhere else","disappointment"
"Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them","disapproval"
"Yes please. What's that @ ?","curiosity"
"As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn. ","sadness"
"This should be interesting...","approval"
"He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.","admiration"
"I’m not sure this was a while ago. No major injuries were sustained so probs not.","confusion"
"Omg I really thought it was a new word for me, not debacle 😂😂😂 she didn’t even try ","neutral"
"I miss them being alive","sadness"
">it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.","disgust"
"Lol, what?","neutral"
"You are like 2 years away from being Mr [NAME].... "eeeeexcellent"","admiration"
"Its very obvious to me he is still in love with her. He is definitely not in love with [NAME], the marriage will be a disaster.","neutral"
"It would be funny if that guy got hit with a car at the end tho.","amusement"
"Sorry you are still being messaged by ugly guys, that must be really tough, you are brave for still using the site sweatie ","annoyance"
"M/21/straight/6’2 Back on tinder after taking a year off dating to focus on personal stuff. Go ahead and judge! Thank you in","gratitude"
"Relove. No, it’s all fair pricing, the collection is enormous.","neutral"
"its all fun, until one pissed off owner with a lot of money to burn files tampering charges against [NAME] and [NAME], and takes them to court","optimism"
"Whoever the mod is that removed this needs to rethink their priorities.","approval"
"What a hilarious joke... Comedy has basically become bashing.","amusement"
"Are you sure?","curiosity"
"WHEW that was quite a stretch lad. Gotta do some deep breathing to stretch that far.","neutral"
"Bit of a clickbait title. He said it's normal for a big club to sack a manager that's lost a lot of points.","joy"
"Be thankful.","gratitude"
"You’re absolutely right, I’m 61 and shouldn’t be at all surprised by the arrogance that ignorance can generate.","approval"
"As per, they’re being slammed on social media. Their response and justification of it being from seven years ago is contrary and lame.","annoyance"
"Nope, he owns Swift. It's basically a holding company for all of his business ventures","neutral"
"I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.","realization"
"So sorry about your loss. It's so heart wrenching xoxox","grief"
"There are a few high cost players that will likely be leaving this year. This team could easily afford [NAME].","neutral"
"Those backpack leashes suddenly don't seem so bad","approval"
"SHE SHOULD BE ON A HILL SOMEWHERE WITH THE SUN AND THE CLOUDS ABOVE HER!","annoyance"
"I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset","love"
"Not sure why it matters but i imagine shes as old as all the other v3 ultimates, so around 16-17","optimism"
"Here you go:","neutral"
"The entire thread makes me wish I WAS gay so that people won't pester me about having kids when I'm older","neutral"
"Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too","approval"
"[NAME] gets so many chances but just can’t hit the net. I don’t get it.","neutral"
">Tua gave him a look, like, keep going ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","neutral"
"If we go anything but line I’ll be irate.","neutral"
"Now put the poor thing down you valley boy donut.","sadness"
"Into [NAME] [NAME] poured her hatred her malice and will to dominate all life on earth .","neutral"
"Rank?","neutral"
"The only time petty revenge backfired lol at least from what I understood unless I missed something","amusement"
"Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country","disapproval"
">slaps windshield This bad boy can fit so many Leds on it","neutral"
"Knowing the only evidence they had was your confession: priceless.","neutral"
"Same. I can’t even imagine it","disapproval"
"Yeah. 99percent of "cute" videos of mixed species on reddit make me anxious because all I can see is bad animal husbandry. ","curiosity"
"Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.","admiration"
"She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh","disappointment"
"I schedule reading breaks during the day. It allows me time to relax if I’m feeling overwhelmed, but is still beneficial for the kids. ","relief"
"Shittiest crowd weve got this season omg please stay home an empty arena would of been better than this shitshow tabarnack","realization"
"I can't believe he told that story. I'm sure the minister that released the water is now so totally regretting not asking for a bj!","sadness"
"Maybe I have the mind of a child but I found that entertaining like I’d upvote it if I just saw it","amusement"
"You know [waves hand] Everyone.","neutral"
"I second that motion...with A VENGEANCE!!","anger"
"I doubt groot arms are on the list of MLB approved bats. It's politics","neutral"
"It's pretty convenient","neutral"
"Joke's on u, I already have small penis!","amusement"
"What's old is dumb ass "durr both sides" arguments that require absolutely zero thought to make.","neutral"
"I'm kinda in this same boat as OP and currently learning to code to become a web developer. Wondering if this field is compatible with ASD .","neutral"
"Tell us your story, too, [NAME] :) Sooooo many more details to mine, ooooofffff... i tried to be brief","desire"
"What? /s","neutral"
"He did not cheat on you. He ended it with that other woman before committing to you.","neutral"
"Why are you defending [NAME], [NAME] clearly intends [NAME] to come across as a bad leader. Good leaders don’t get murdered bu their men.","neutral"
"Why am I crying rn...","confusion"
"This guy looks like a creep..... that other girl isn’t interested at all.......","nervousness"
"Now you can.","neutral"
"I never knew that existed. I'm bloody dying right now 😂","amusement"
"VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!","anger"
"Oh [NAME] please don’t put them in a team together.","disapproval"
"I want to so bad it hurts. I guess I'm just scared.","fear"
"Those are hoteps. They're delusional idiots; no one takes them seriously.","disapproval"
"Laugh and hang up. Then tell my husband that an ex from 25+ years ago just called me and spouted a bunch of nonsense.","neutral"
"I keep telling everyone to watch it. It's such a fun movie and the directing is great.","admiration"
"He's been cheered for years now.","gratitude"
"Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha","desire"
"The DPRK is ethno fascism","approval"
""You look a little older without your clothes on" - [NAME]","disapproval"
"I got sucked right back into the vicious cycle of love-bombing, gas-lighting and degradation.","realization"
"Same, it was such a wholesome way to smite the person!","neutral"
"That makes sense. Never thought of it like that","realization"
"Wow, never knew about [NAME] and I thought I was well-read!","surprise"
"Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities","admiration"
"Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.","sadness"
"It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro","neutral"
"It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.","disappointment"
"Probably because the person who sent the email doesn't know exactly what they do other than report it to the feds","annoyance"
"Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair","gratitude"
"I see. Thanks again.","gratitude"
"Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.","grief"
"It's more like the western world is infuriated that a non-democratic Asian republic is on the trajectory to becoming the leading superpower. Case in point ^","neutral"
"I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.","neutral"
"I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago","approval"
"#SOMETIMES YOU CAN TELL RIGHT AWAY SOMEONE ISN'T WORTH ANY MORE TIME!","neutral"
"I do have ps4 😂 But it's more easier to play on Tablet because I can play wherever I go ","optimism"
"OMG she's BYEsexual. Sorry I had to.","gratitude"
"Please don’t murder me","fear"
"I have to go with [NAME]. Rookie who lived up to the hype and I actually got excited when he got snaps.","excitement"
"Because of reading comprehension fails? Maybe we should all be reading more. :)","approval"
"Really weird how such a young child could come up with that.","confusion"
"Awesome, thank you! ","admiration"
"Man red dead 2 looks so good","gratitude"
"I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?","admiration"
"INTERNAL h265 YiFi ACs eztv","neutral"
"How the hell is that comment "holding the GM accountable"","anger"
"That can be true...","neutral"
"Oh, didn't know. Will lock the post.","confusion"
"Still won the race though ha who’s a failure now","grief"
"I feel stupid for not looking at her bio, but I do have some more pictures ","annoyance"
""vampire [NAME]" ","neutral"
"Let me know how that spicy coco turns out please!!!","confusion"
"You are correct, this happens everytime to me","approval"
"That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol","amusement"
"Oops, my apologies! I should’ve included this in reference to [NAME] taking her to court for the child support.","neutral"
"I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.","anger"
"Thank you, this was what I was hoping to hear. The last thing I'd want right now is to make mourning him any harder.","desire"
"Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.","annoyance"
"You can't release A New Hope 2.0 in China if you do that though.","neutral"
"That's the best catch I've ever seen","admiration"
"I must not understand this","neutral"
"Can I do this just by calling my provider? I didn’t know that I could do that","confusion"
"Kind of astonishing to see AstroKatie is completely unaware of everything unchecked migration has done to Sweden, France, Germany, etc etc etc.","surprise"
"Not sure why you're trying to shove spoiler hints into the face of someone who explicitly said they just finished chapter 1 but more power to you I guess","confusion"
"Oh, they're as real to me as [NAME] to me man. I don't leave he house without throwin some chick bones first.","neutral"
"Thank you!!!! for being one of the sound minded people here.","gratitude"
"They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.","neutral"
"Thank you for your opinion. I think I’ve been improperly placing myself in the comments too much, accidentally misusing this sub.","disappointment"
"Thanks, [NAME].","gratitude"
"Tried it. Failed it. Got mental consequences, my memory wont recover after half a year. You will regret it.","annoyance"
"Oh [NAME] it's [NAME] against dinosaurs again","annoyance"
"As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult","neutral"
"Aye me, it's shite and the folk who follow it all think there cool, bore off","neutral"
"Just goes to show it takes 0 skill to play that hero","approval"
"Yaaaaaas! Also, your username is awesome.","admiration"
"Hey now!","excitement"
"What kind of dog is this?","neutral"
"Do the same to them with your straightness","neutral"
"Awesome! Hope you had a good holiday","admiration"
"Got out in only 20, huh? [NAME]. ","annoyance"
"I'm happy I live in a country where machete attacks don't have to be a real concern.","joy"
"so proud of you!","pride"
"If I see this gif one more time, I’m going to lose it","disappointment"
"I like that!","love"
"Alright imma set small goals for myself thanks for tip man!","gratitude"
"I will admit,I did chuckle a bit","caring"
"Yeah people demonize salt but like that's the opposite problem with restricting, salt is my friend leave me out of it","disapproval"
"Griefing your oponents is amazing fun in a pvp game. *Cheating* to grief is the problem being addressed here.","joy"
"They make it difficult to chant this, they go and get indicted way too soon.","fear"
"Honestly I never even knew of him until the community pointed him out to me","approval"
"That's...kinda...why...i...used...the....phrase.","approval"
"Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew","neutral"
"I was told that upon waking up from a surgery, my first phrase was “don’t Terri [NAME] me” ☹️","sadness"
"LMAO me too! Just give us the life sentence and be done with it 🤣","neutral"
"It's about fucking time, hope this is real.","optimism"
"WE ARE .500!!!! I'VE WAITED SO LONG!!!!","excitement"
"Literally what happened.","surprise"
"I dont believe you","anger"
"Seriously I hope she drops dead from a heart attack.","neutral"
"I was actually going CRAZY waiting for it to come out and had prepaid for it in advance and it was worth the wait.","neutral"
"Yes, because I've always wanted a father figure who throws a tantrum every time he doesn't get his way.","desire"
"FYI pumps are now covered under the ACA/Obamacare with most plans. Thanks, [NAME]!","gratitude"
"He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....","disapproval"
"But sweat pea it’s a MAN wearing makeup! My gay bestie BABES 🍭🍆🧖‍♂️ ","neutral"
"Ya! It was a bangin’ movie! A super fun ride with characters I cared about.","caring"
"Man I want AD but I love OG ::(( guess we gotta sacrifice eh...","confusion"
"NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE Those leggings lmao","amusement"
"Fuck calm down [NAME]","amusement"
"It's almost like they actually prepared to govern instead of just obstruct. Remember "Repeal **and replace**"?","confusion"
"I did rank them above protista.","approval"
"Happy Birthday!","neutral"
"oh thats rather weak then. kmt thought they would know better. its a reactable headbutt.","nervousness"
"Wow 😮 you really convinced me... like gtfo here","approval"
"Heads up guys before you scrutinize me, Yes I know it's ED not ER apologies in advance :)","neutral"
"All burps must be rated out of 10. Neither of us have achieved a 10 so far but I got a 9.5 last week 😂","approval"
"I'm struggling to find what you're referring to here, could you maybe add something that points to it?","confusion"
"i hope she is dead now and can not hurt anyone else.","optimism"
"Hi somebody, I'm dad!","neutral"
"had to play the Jazz just in time for second half of the season [NAME] smh","neutral"
"Can you clarify what you mean by "transcendent moral order?","curiosity"
"It looks really pretty :D!","admiration"
"He will but the Chiefs will absolutely have a shot because the Pats defense is egregious on the road. I mean they let [NAME] go off lol.","amusement"
"Oh, so it isn't a term made up by antivaxers designed to be intentionally vague? I thought you said it was.","disgust"
"Did anyone else notice [NAME]' face twitching a little?","curiosity"
"Damn, this one sucks doubly so considering all the positive threads on here today.","neutral"
"I guessed that but I’ve never seen a bun like that","neutral"
"This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again","admiration"
"Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].","remorse"
"I’m surprised she didn’t name him Allesandrostien","surprise"
"I think the appearance cheapens the brand. Seriously, 90 Day Fiancé??? Do the marketing people [NAME] watch these people? ","neutral"
"Omg if WOW sue’s her then my depression would be cured and I’ll have my jush","admiration"
"Good luck and wear condom","neutral"
"I still want BO4 multiplayer prestige 0 Level 55 icon PepeHands","neutral"
"its funny because they dont even do anything at the look out tower but stargaze","joy"
"There is zero conclusive evidence supporting this position.","neutral"
"Like this just cuz of the [NAME] rhymes background raps...but dude your [NAME] is sick against [NAME]","realization"
"Yeah this is pretty eye opening. I’ve had pretty weird relationships with my reflection in the past but thankfully it’s not always this way.","admiration"
"The creativeness and flexibility goes away once you get out of gold.","optimism"
"I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.","fear"
"Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.","caring"
"Damnit! What song is that at the end!?!","anger"
"Someone get us a [NAME] version of the [NAME] nice lead meme!!!","desire"
"I haven’t been keeping up with MHA, but this seems like a real bad idea","disapproval"
"What was fluky about the 2012 Quakes? They won fair and square and they did it the MLS way","neutral"
"Happy New Year to all my fellow Asuka mains and all you dirty bastards who show no hespect. Cheers!","anger"
"And that's why he's always injured","annoyance"
"Red Line guys are awesome. The Chicago office is going to be infinitely better than te New York one. So much for ditching the whole city thing.","admiration"
"I agree. I was merely attacking the fragility and ineffectiveness of democracy. Thanks for the example!","gratitude"
"And the USMC get their crayons in a basket.","neutral"
"Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.","anger"
"I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :) ","approval"
"Kids at heart.","neutral"
"A 12 million sub channel has value. Wouldn't be surprised if it's been hollowed out ready to be sold and rebranded.","surprise"
"Venezuela should be one of the wealthiest and influential countries in the world except their infrastructure and society is falling apart due to centrally planned economics and socialism.","approval"
"Triggered:: Welp guess it's time for me to re-up lol","amusement"
"It would do us ALL a great deal of good.","love"
"You're obviously a size queen. Go find yourself a big penis.","admiration"
"good point, hadn't thought of that, thanks","admiration"
"There are drugs for that...","neutral"
"Yeah dude it is like a fertile egg - attacked by millions of sperm and only 1 gets to fertilize it. The other ones just die","approval"
"Under [NAME], in 2018, unemployment raised above 4% at least 6 TIMES---in ONE year! What exactly are the [NAME] supporting? 🤔","neutral"
"When my Dad ([NAME] all the way) is Tsar of the Earth I'll have him make doxxing a crime with mandatory sentencing to terrible things.","neutral"
"Reacting to [NAME] at this point just makes me feel worse about the artist.","neutral"
"I often give it a game or so just to see if there’s any noticeable factor","curiosity"
"Bro, highmountain looking sick","sadness"
"He also had bipolar depression, which was a major driver in his mental states...","sadness"
"The definition is simple: relationship -> sex friendship (not f+) -> no sex","neutral"
"I try to switch it up, too; probably the main reason for the post. Gets boring sometimes!","annoyance"
"on the subject of meltdowns, stay calm yourself and try your best not to escalate them.","optimism"
"Yup that game was where I was like we have to draft him!!!!!","joy"
"You are an awesome person","admiration"
"That kill was beautiful","admiration"
"Appreciate the honesty though","neutral"
"I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. ","embarrassment"
"Thanks:D","gratitude"
"Though I encourage! For an opportunity to play a game of such grand anticipation as this, is a sweet fortune.","joy"
"Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!","neutral"
"I don’t like fasting but that’s not correct lol","neutral"
"[NAME] is also in a HEAP of financial and technically legal trouble right now. lol","neutral"
"No, not at all.","disapproval"
"The "dad" in that Pizza Hut commercial looks weird af","excitement"
"I read that as "It's fat being fucked in the picture" lmfaoooo","amusement"
"Grow up fool","neutral"
"Yeeeaaahhh.... "protect"... I'm pretty sure this guy has a rape dungeon filled with schoolgirl body-pillows in his basement.","disappointment"
"Goodbye my tank commander!","disappointment"
"The fact that kids can't be failed without parental agreement is no sign that they're learning anything or improving when they advance in the education system.","neutral"
"I don't reveal my sources. Gotta keep my journalistic integrity.","approval"
"Genuinely, it is! The only complaint is that kentrosaurus is spikey as hell, and I find him with my foot in the dark fairly often...","approval"
"From what I remember of the episode they actually kicked people out of their homes by having them condemned. Many residents didn't receive any kind of compensation.","neutral"
"HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery","joy"
"I'd smash","anger"
"How about a downvote for the update?","curiosity"
"Hahaha. I see what you did there!","amusement"
"I have no idea. I always imagined it was purely retail workers that browsed and posted here, but I might be wrong in this instance.","realization"
"Dat trigger discipline though","admiration"
"That’s unfortunate! Without having knowledge of the incident, it’s difficult to say why the surgeon had liability.","surprise"
"Ah, that's why they say don't run in the corridor","neutral"
"Wow, now that you say that . Although, we do have [NAME], South Park, Family Guy and American Dad now. Mmmmm, [NAME] ","excitement"
"She looks like an onion","neutral"
"What an idiotic thing to say.","neutral"
"There is something wrong with a man that finds a pubescent girl attractive.","admiration"
"Hello. I’m sorry you’re going through that. Why do you think it’s impossible to leave?","caring"
"Agree on the last point. My INTP friend's ENFP is immature since she's still young. Gets jealous at every damn girl that approaches... Sigh","neutral"
"I like [NAME] better","admiration"
"It really do","neutral"
"That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.","curiosity"
"Felt like yesterday when they got married in that barn/bar/bistro. Truly the halcyon days.","joy"
"[NAME] is a very nervous insecure man because he's got all them RINGZZZ he has to protect.","neutral"
"I’m to scared to tell them :(","fear"
"Right. Boiling frogs. But I feel more hope today than I have since any day in the last two years except November 6, 2018.","approval"
"Canucks get a mind-numbing penalty called on them and the other team scores on the ensuing PP. Surprising nobody.","realization"
"Upset? Edit. I didn't notice anybody bring it up but I hope it isn't rude to describe [NAME] being "Yandere".","optimism"
"Hell yeah it did!","admiration"
"As far as i can say, my precious arm came back to me hahahaha I'll be sure to tell about my progress, too! Till next time!","joy"
"No.. that's the exact opposite of what they are.","disapproval"
"This is simply beautiful <3 thank you for sharing this, it touched my heart to hear such a wonderful success story <3","admiration"
"Constitution don't work that way. Burden is always on the Crown, defendant is always presumed innocent. This won't survive the first challenge.","anger"
"This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.","admiration"
"It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!","admiration"
"Water bottle works 100%. Canteen im not sure","confusion"
"I’ve never felt so blessed that I live in a country with wide open roads.","approval"
"Glad you didn't add some awful "Read that again." in the description like I see other people doing when they retell this joke.","admiration"
"US is asking to be allowed to do quarterly reviews by a team of US people. CCP has replied that this is unreasonable and humiliating.","disappointment"
"Well [NAME] made me laugh","neutral"
"17f CF to the core here. I never thought of having kids once in my life! No kids for me","neutral"
"We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half","optimism"
"Ok, thats my thinking too. If [NAME] really only gets 180 anyone who didn't make that deal (like us) is pretty dang foolish.","approval"
"Your entire argument is undermined by how triggered you are. Also buy a thesaurus. And not all words have power all words have meaning.","neutral"
"I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul","love"
"Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.","approval"
"like clockwork she runs off to twitter to get validation","neutral"
"This is fantastic","admiration"
"We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!","desire"
"You're right, laws don't stop people from committing crimes, we might as well legalize murder. You people sound like retards.","annoyance"
"I wish your mom had used the stick on his mom and explained that she has to be allowed to do it because otherwise she'd cry.","desire"
"Its like you are flexing that you have gf ,when most of people here doesnt have that feeling","neutral"
"aw you don’t have to shave! shaving actually causes ingrowns like this guy :0","neutral"
"[NAME] made that lmao","amusement"
"don't worry, the funding will arrive the year after!","caring"
"the hate we get in here is palpable.","anger"
"I don’t know where you live but just a bj should be around 80$","confusion"
"I wouldn't say that publicly. The guy is still alive and he's coming for you","caring"
"That's a welcome relief. Lol.","relief"
"That will catch up to him eventually, but right now he is dangerous","disapproval"
"Sodaman going sicko mode","anger"
"If only that were true","neutral"
"How did you get access to PCTC?","curiosity"
"You would though wouldn't you, its not as if he was worth keeping around, disposable DA,","neutral"
"the fatter you are the more chance it'll stay in your fat cells and body longer than someone who's not fat. Exercise and hydration helps with this","approval"
"why not both? go under-cover. in both senses","neutral"
"nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.","disapproval"
"This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.","caring"
"Where on earth do you live that newborn non drug exposed babies up for adoption end up in the foster system? Sounds pretty optimistic on her part.","curiosity"
"Oh yeah! If she had done full brows she would have been killin' it!","neutral"
"I want to thank you for seriously entertaining me today. Best clip ever.","gratitude"
"So, [NAME] and [NAME] are over? Have to wonder why he thought marrying a 19 year old was the best thing to do!","excitement"
"Do not defend yourself.","neutral"
"Nice catch.","admiration"
"Congratulations fellow lobster!!","excitement"
"> salt rifles. but then how will we kill the flies??? /s im sorry, I had to.","confusion"
"Haha good theory but not the case. I'm completely aware of when I'm intoxicated or not.","admiration"
"United wins the championship and then profits 20 million off this transfer? Rest of the MLS needs to take notes and catch up","curiosity"
"If you catch thinning early enough you can stop balding by taking finasteride.","caring"
"Dating [NAME] tends to wear you down, late 20s must’ve been rough","neutral"
"As in when totalitarians show up in solidarity with those "normal" people? If you're attracting ANTIFA, you're not normal.","neutral"
"Can you even imagine the brain damage required to think like that? [NAME].","annoyance"
"Thanks for the responses! I'll look into it.","curiosity"
"Oh my [NAME], thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a moment.","gratitude"
"My kind of man","admiration"
"I just bought these, they look amazing! Thank you, Internet parent! ","admiration"
"IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair. ","anger"
"You should see a therapist if it‘s affecting your life or your mental health that much.","nervousness"
"Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.","embarrassment"
"My reaction to seeing both of these lists","neutral"
"That’s not a fucking card?!","anger"
"I want my fucking cake back.","desire"
"All we need is 1 more Trae three and the W and this’ll be a great night","optimism"
"Damn it.","anger"
"Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)","approval"
"Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.","sadness"
"Thank you, I appreciate it. It was, and still is hard to deal with. ","gratitude"
"ISU was missing players and had to choke that game away pretty hard in order to lose","admiration"
"Not complain. She could not complain since she made no effort in the beginning.","annoyance"
"The problem with writing vague laws in 2012 and then implementing then in 2017 is that things are huge changes that have taken place in that time.","neutral"
"Dragopolis was a less fun version of the free dinosaur game on Chrome when your internet goes out","disapproval"
"Ok that's why, I was so confused of why I saw two [NAME].","confusion"
"tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes","annoyance"
"That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...","optimism"
"Must've been hard to resist, although the joke would've felt flaccid since it hangs so low","sadness"
"Go exercise together. Eat healthy. Drink plenty of water. Time.","neutral"
"This one too!","approval"
"love u too","love"
"this is less tabletop horror more... regular horror do you know how he's doing now?","neutral"
"Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show. ","anger"
"I I'm so honored","gratitude"
"> Pokemon Go continues to be an excellent substitute Is it really though? I mean does Skorupi actually care about your needs?","neutral"
"No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens","anger"
"Maybe, part of growing up is realizing how little impact you have on the grand scheme of things.","neutral"
"And then we wish for winter because it's so damn hot, thus the cycle continues. ","desire"
"yes, very sexist","disgust"
"nope! she meets up with robb en route to the twins and he sends her back to riverrun to not spite the freys. little did he know..","neutral"
"kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.","disappointment"
"Ah damn it.","neutral"
"It's not G A M E R time unless we get to berate women and minorities.","anger"
"ift yourself up on your feet! Let's get it on!","neutral"
"I cant get a cat but derpy behavior makes me want one so bad","neutral"
"You're the one who's out, biggy. Out of your mind!","annoyance"
"Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it. ","joy"
"Happy cocaine on a plate day!","excitement"
"I mean, if BDN wins another SB MVP . . . you can't exactly get rid of a guy like that","neutral"
"[NAME], but they all seem to be genuinely happy with their lives and supporting each other, so I’m happy for them too","joy"
"Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better. ","remorse"
"The lines are going to heal straight?","neutral"
"That's awesome. I would never have expected the Prius community to be so involved.","admiration"
"Nah you're fine. This is why all sou-chefs are heathen","approval"
"I wish AOC was old enough to run for president","desire"
"But it's different, they're not rich because of those darn immigrants, otherwise they'd be a billionaire!","disgust"
"No, it is full of sexually repressed, nice guy idiots like you","admiration"
"Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap","approval"
"All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man ","neutral"
"Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.","annoyance"
"The middle was an analogy. No one here condones terrorism, as that's attacks on civilians, Destruction of financial buildings isn't that. ","disappointment"
"The UN said the election was a sham. The man is causing death destruction and starvation. Your morals are completely and utterly fucked.","disappointment"
"Ah, yes, the good old “glass elevator”","admiration"
"Going to get hard for everyone after brexit","grief"
"The Mavs would probably have to give up some picks as well","optimism"
"Has it really been 10 years since brown saved the world. Now I feel old.","neutral"
"Can we change the "haha" one to when he was laughing about giving that scarecrow to [NAME] ","amusement"
"That thing is rather thin , it wouldn't be a big problem to tap-swallow it","neutral"
"I regret that I have but one upvote to give for your post. Very powerful.","remorse"
"Ken he's 🎏 but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was","neutral"
"mibr losing to faze","disappointment"
"I'm sitting here as he has never even lurked.","neutral"
">First of All, Nationalism ≠ Protectionsim. Excuse me, yes, it is. Capitalists believe in globalism.","approval"
"Why? Mine is a mixed bag. Sometimes ready. Sometimes 5 but rarely ever more than 10.","neutral"
"I gotcha. Why do you think you’re driving them away though? I feel like you’re blaming yourself way more than you should be","annoyance"
"You are not a slave to your parents. You worship them by serving them. Otherwise you are a slave to [NAME].","pride"
"I never said anything. I’m just cynical that change can happen when there is so much money on the line. Decisions are bought not made.","disgust"
"RemindMe! 1 day","neutral"
"Man Management: 9/10 Tactics: 4ishh/10 Anyway, he wasn't brought to implement brand new tactics but to develop our young core, was he ???","confusion"
"aw too bad im 6.5k, you arent extremely good. ","admiration"
"Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you","neutral"
"This guy is desperate to be a victim everyone. We can't fix him.","excitement"
"NO GOD NOOOO!","excitement"
"He's gonna say "stop eating chips"","neutral"
"This is cursed","anger"
"this off season is dark and full of terrors","neutral"
"You don't have to act angry about things that annoy you, though. ","neutral"
"I did the poll slowly. Is that ok?","neutral"
"maybe its because i have a pissy attitude, but i wouldnt have gone just because i didnt want to, since it was last minute like that.","anger"
"I'm just happy I have the Pen to watch and listen too when the Steelers are on the brink of collapsing...PLUS no locker room drama...","approval"
"A track would be much more suitable for this kind of recklessness! Keep this kind of dangerous driving off of public roads!","anger"
"Lmaoooo alright sure you did hardo.","amusement"
"I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted","love"
"I am so sorry to hear about your wife’s tragic injury.","sadness"
"I liked [NAME] too, but I'll take [NAME] over him 10 times out of 10.","admiration"
"Wow grats man. Hopefully I can use this inspiration for myself tomorrow. If there was something new you learned in this experience would share it?","joy"
"I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)","love"
"Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character","admiration"
"Something extremely fishy is going on here with this story.","neutral"
"Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community","caring"
"Washington Post is garbage because it prints garbage. I'll go with the decision by the experts thanks.","approval"
"[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] make a solid 2-5. We need a 1","neutral"
"They r playing","neutral"
"what a cruelly poetic fact","neutral"
"I am only sharing what my friends said, what their experience was. I found that a bit surprising.","neutral"
"What do you care you will never have any real wealth.","disapproval"
"A concept that doesn't map to reality other than as a metaphor.","neutral"
"Omg so glad I’m not alone","relief"
"Gotta think [NAME] was also tired after all the hard work they put out Most likely it'd be easier for a fresh player to run passed players","optimism"
"It wouldn't have been hard to get more votes than [NAME] because [NAME] was so hated.","anger"
"Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.","approval"
"Fake news. Kids would be long dead by that age","annoyance"
"I think that was itch.io. GOG apparently doesn't even allow 18+ games on their platform.","annoyance"
"How do you know [NAME] isn’t 6’10” right now? Have you measured him lately?","neutral"
"Now that's a frozen dessert I haven't eaten in a long time.. a long time.","neutral"
"I'm livin' in 3019 over here","neutral"
"Good luck on your grad school applications! 💪","approval"
""resistance is futile"","neutral"
"Are you okay?","caring"
"I woke up drunk and mouthy","annoyance"
"Fans of sonic are big fans of 90s cheese though.","admiration"
"Aaaand I'm still here. I don't have a alt account but whoever you reported I"m sure is alive and well. You're terrible.","fear"
"Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.","amusement"
"[NAME] damn son. the fact that you said "re-education" made this 5x better too lmao ","anger"
"yeah, thanks","approval"
"It's incredible how much pain a single reddit post can send through my body","disappointment"
"They are still trying to get him conditioned. That's why.","neutral"
"What do you mean? They're doing a huey too.","neutral"
"*people’s ..this is awkward","disgust"
"Damn video made me think there was audio!!","disappointment"
"*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast","neutral"
"Girls screaming alone gives me horrible flashbacks","disgust"
"Papa Johns in my area basically gives away their pizza. I can smell the desperation in the store","excitement"
"Your artwork is amazing.","admiration"
"By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!","admiration"
"Way to tongue punch that fart box. 👍","annoyance"
"Do it, and then post pictures. We're all counting on you!","neutral"
"No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking","anger"
"My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team. ","annoyance"
"I know he comes with a lot of baggage but i’d probably go with [NAME]. Just look what he did for [NAME].","neutral"
"Ha amazing I thought I was alone","neutral"
"I have and i’ve also shot some ak’s they’re not too bad but i still prefer handguns despite the kick.","approval"
"Oh look another stupid comment, original but not unexpected.","anger"
"Only for a week? You are a great optimist!","curiosity"
"Finally the UN gets off their ass and does something. So glad she’s finally safe (for now).","joy"
"So we’re reposting stolen jokes now... cool","neutral"
"That sounds a little paranoid","sadness"
"Waking up covered in blood is terrifying but thankfully it was just a nosebleed","gratitude"
"No, he wasn't the entire problem, but his performance can't be excused by coaching alone. He's just not very good.","disgust"
"If there was ever such thing as a tasteful neck beard this is it. Such a beautiful bird","admiration"
"Hey.... that's not the wallet inspector...","disapproval"
"> When they tried paying... Did they pay their rent or not? Your post makes it sound like they didn't pay their rent.","neutral"
"Never thought I’d see a comrade here","surprise"
"Shameless IG plug:","anger"
"Good always love him","admiration"
"I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.","love"
"High five to that shit. We have 2 littles.....we are also exhausted lol","amusement"
"WE'VE GOTTA GO BACK TO WELLINGTON","neutral"
"Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.","gratitude"
"Yes, it can be a very stressful read at times.","fear"
"Maybe a parsing or comprehension issue, but are you sitting in the water after you pee in it?","confusion"
"You're here forever.","neutral"
"No I don’t, why can’t you bring your hand to do it?","disapproval"
"Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.","admiration"
"Check the frame (FPS) limit option in the advanced graphic options menu.","neutral"
"I would take that deal. We could however eliminate the hatch & noed so there isn't a reward for bad play.","neutral"
"How to get badly injured in a room full of foam.","curiosity"
"It's not your fault....","caring"
"Just take them and get them vaccinated without his knowledge. Only one parent is needed. Dont even tell him after it's done.","neutral"
"Nah i’d say that it’s reasonable enough to be in mildlyinteresting.","approval"
"I don't know if I'm comfortable with a religion that approves of human sacrifice tbh","confusion"
"Go watch a show","neutral"
"Can we call it the swamp monster?","curiosity"
"I love that show, that theme song is my ringtone, I never thought I'd see that anywhere else haha","admiration"
"I hate the message that's being pushed, and it's even worse that it's being pushed by this guy.","disgust"
"Right now it sucks ass I gotta squat in snow in the freezing cold in the back yard of my apartment complex holding a little bong","disgust"
"TIL that [NAME] is a guy.","neutral"
"[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.","disappointment"
"*"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent."* -- [NAME]","neutral"
"No...how dare you bring factual evidence into this conversation! /s","anger"
"But it saved people with even more money lots of money. The owners of the teams.","neutral"
"Oh look [NAME] piggy backing attention at the end there.","curiosity"
"When we actually executed [NAME] system we were killing it","neutral"
"I hope you everyone is serious about not being a bulls fan anymore. Get out of here if this is what ends your fandom.","optimism"
"That's too much meta for me to follow, pls explain.","neutral"
"Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].","disgust"
"This is why I asked. [NAME] people.","neutral"
"I'm sorry. That's awful","disgust"
"Oh you mean [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Apparently the system is down","neutral"
"Do you want help with the big words ?","curiosity"
"My best friend waited 5+ years for her boyfriend in prison to come out. Two days before coming out, he dumped her.","disappointment"
"My [NAME]. If only","neutral"
"I understand that. My question is more if anyone would be excited for it or interested in helping","desire"
"In that case clench! Clench for all you’re worth!!","neutral"
"Cancel your trip, man. This shit all too much for you","approval"
"Stop using that excuse he hasn't been dominant since returning","annoyance"
"Thanks for the reply. Why'd you delete the sad sack comment?","gratitude"
"The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].","neutral"
"Wow dan I like being up at 4am....","amusement"
"❤❤❤❤❤ this morning in my head I kept saying let go of the resentment this is amazing","admiration"
"Yikes, maybe [NAME] can pull some [NAME] magic with him ","approval"
"I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.","annoyance"
"What a great haircut","admiration"
"I appreciate everyone on this sub","gratitude"
"Read my post bro. If the were other girl, I'd know instantly they were into me","pride"
"I want him to change and realize he messed up and he needs to do better","caring"
"Couldn’t agree more with you. Thanks for this post!","disapproval"
"i feel this","approval"
"Fake news! but really, that's awesome to have a parent that actually understands how to teach their child accountability. ","admiration"
"She's probably had to delete it all now the police are involved, they will be using it as evidence ","neutral"
"It's because you're dizzy from lack of oxygen.","nervousness"
"You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.","neutral"
"My favorite kind of post","admiration"
"I'm impressed. A 3 year old account and this is your only comment.","approval"
"I don’t get it :(","confusion"
"bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸","love"
"You talk the talk without walking the walk. You cannot be a [NAME] and worship [NAME].","confusion"
"Yeah, sadly, looks like this champ will be pretty opressive. ","sadness"
"In evolutionary terms you're a "Fuck it I'll fertilize a tree"","anger"
"Her track record is pretty shaky","disappointment"
"So many questions...","neutral"
"One of the best in the series imo","admiration"
"Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for","neutral"
"Sorry man, I have no idea either! ","caring"
"anyone is allowed to talk to a therapist, and get counselling. that was never the issue","neutral"
"wow great news . happy for him","admiration"
"Good luck and wear condom","optimism"
"Fuck the haters [NAME] > Everybody","anger"
"Until you realize immortal Trout is better...","realization"
"My pleasure. It pays the bills.","gratitude"
"Must not have been the [NAME] of his day... But seriously though i hope he's alright..","approval"
"This one is the worst, by far","disapproval"
"Twas delicious friend","admiration"
"I will, no worries.","optimism"
"we have a "righty" complaining about "lefties" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad.","sadness"
"He may have, I was more worried about the "running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side".","fear"
"Shhhhh you are devastating their argument. You might trigger them. It’s the only trigger they love.","neutral"
"I un-ironically love that song","disappointment"
"Ah yes, I completely forgot that [NAME] maintains those servers himself.","realization"
"I don't understand the question. Do you stand to lose something by acting like an adult with integrity?","confusion"
"Umm... Dude. Have you seen this planet? It's half penis-monsters already!","curiosity"
"So do I, but I don’t want them to be associated with government espionage and other shady shit either.","approval"
"That’s an interesting take. Thank you for giving me some perspective, never saw it like that. ","curiosity"
"Feels weird when something that wasn't bad but not the best back then is now incredibly overrated.","realization"
"I think they are being sarcastic, notice the /s ","confusion"
"Wayakum, [NAME] make it easy for you inshAllah. Feel free to PM me if you or your brother have any questions. Would love to help out.","caring"
"I just started watching Brooklyn 99 this week and was looking for this reference. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Grew up in the south. When I left for college, I was very confused why people were walking around with smudges on their foreheads for Ash Wednesday.","confusion"
"if you need to ask here with all due respect your the last person that should be on it.","disapproval"
"Georgetown - great food, great shops/ the "exorcist" steps are located there, too. the exorcist steps ","neutral"
"Tell him, that just as he has a very shy person and I told her just to get a pretty woman with a strapon.","caring"
"I concur. Redact the label!","approval"
"Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !","approval"
"Good [NAME].","gratitude"
"Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.","neutral"
"At least we know they have good taste","admiration"
"It does make sense... I've always had a hard time opening up and I'm worried that that's what's really been holding me back ultimately","disappointment"
"He looks really different now.","surprise"
"Girl YES. My kindergarten come back Tuesday, and I’m hoping they remember my name and how to hold a pencil.","approval"
"Sure, as long as you don't ask me what would happen if I got stranded on an island.","curiosity"
"I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.","anger"
"Analytics and instagram... are you joking?","neutral"
"there is also r/foreskin because why not","confusion"
">very unlikely Literally impossible","realization"
"I hate this arm swing thing. Either try to sync up or just stop doing it.","annoyance"
"Thanks you!","gratitude"
"If we made him stop once we can do it again!","neutral"
"SRS is a pile of shit I have no idea how it is still existing","confusion"
"Yeah I’m so envious of [NAME] right now...","disappointment"
"I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh","optimism"
"I mean if you hidden the initial hit you can punish anything he does after","approval"
"The only thing that changed is we are now healthcare-less","neutral"
"Hooray for the cancer! /s","neutral"
"...old man","neutral"
"why does he look like [NAME]","embarrassment"
"wait... so are ugly people downwoted all the time or they don't post or what is going on here...","confusion"
"That's awful. I'm sorry that you had that experience, but yeah, mission accomplished, sorta.","disgust"
"Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.","disappointment"
"Problem is we don't have much else of value. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]. We have to hope [NAME] likes THJ.","optimism"
"Lol, nice try. ","amusement"
"At least you supported a talented artist :3","neutral"
"The struggle is real","neutral"
"Except [NAME] still went with the happy ending instead of ending it at the Aningaaq scene.","joy"
"And this is why men are so against #believewoman","approval"
"Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.","admiration"
"Makes sense, but I imagine if they wanted the land that badly theyd just buy it off him","annoyance"
"Holy shit!!","excitement"
"I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.","anger"
"Feels like hitreg in general is pretty poor lately.","neutral"
"Huh, that explains it.","realization"
"Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all","admiration"
"thanks, got traded from the habs and I remembered liking his game during pre season, was wondering why he got sent down. oh, and fuck [NAME]","annoyance"
"[NAME]. Gave up in October and haven’t looked back. I can’t believe how easy I’ve found it.","surprise"
"it's the long con","neutral"
"Not sure what the point is, apart from illustrating the similarity of ordinary people throughout the world. The interviewee is a fairly normal ignorant bigot.","confusion"
"I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.","annoyance"
">You can't purge dissenting opinions over there like you do here. Yes, because top minds definitely doesn't purge dissenting opinions. ","disapproval"
"You are the worst kind of person, but i love it","disgust"
"Farewell wonderful traffic. It's been good 2 weeks.","admiration"
"You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool","embarrassment"
"Give me $100 and I'll text you something fun. Sounds like paid sexting to me.","joy"
"Losing wars has consequences.","optimism"
"Where else can you get deer ears and a flower crown on your selfie?","neutral"
"I feel more attracted to boys. It's not a conscious choice.","neutral"
"Tis but a scratch.","fear"
"I get ya. If thinness was something I could buy I'd be flat broke by now","annoyance"
"Isn’t that the plot from truth or dare?","confusion"
"Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world","amusement"
"Seinfeld is one of the only pieces of culture that I feel like I could be competitive in a trivia league about.","optimism"
"The NPR interview was linked in the article. She used the term skin texture. I knew what she meant.","approval"
"That looks amazing","admiration"
"Googled it, the US is a democracy.","neutral"
"A sad amount of time was spent making this.","disappointment"
"Then something is very wrong and he needs reworks on the talents","realization"
"Same but if we had to write something in English class the teacher would throw a fit if it wasn't in cursive.","neutral"
"A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!","approval"
"Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]","optimism"
"YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER","anger"
"No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week","amusement"
"Nope. 7th grade, different state.","neutral"
"Haha that's amazing.","admiration"
"need to stop over reacting about *everything*.","annoyance"
"It’s a fucking rockstar videogame, not an old west farm and hunting simulator you pleb.","disapproval"
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.","approval"
"My icebreaker is you do all the work.","neutral"
"Thanks, saved. Will watch it tomorrow morning :) ","gratitude"
"wow. thank you. you dont know how badly i needed that tbh","gratitude"
"I thought that I was on the IASIP sub...","neutral"
"Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.","caring"
"No thanks probably stank af.","anger"
"GOATs is what killed overwatch for me, this patch is probably gonna bring me back. ","optimism"
"May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤","love"
"You forgot the to be sure >:). It's "a surprise to be sure". Back into the hole with you! ","annoyance"
"So is the OP still permabanned for no reason?","curiosity"
"What a cuck! But the sword and steal the groceries!","surprise"
"> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much","love"
"it's an amazing feeling! I love being happy :))))","admiration"
"It hurts because you hoped she would finally act like a loving mother and she didn't. She just gave you more abuse.","neutral"
"Happy new year. 🍾","excitement"
"Hey there, Sorry to hear you were running into connectivity issues. How often do you see that error and when did it start happening for you? ^ET","disappointment"
"i see it in a different way, but i understand why you see it like that","approval"
"What is the reason you 2 have only been on 1 date in a whole year? Why cant you just 'see' each other in person?","confusion"
"good. can't even describe just how terrible this entire thing was. just make 1000% sure this is the right guy.","admiration"
"*Trust the plan*","caring"
"I'm the exact opposite. The idea of not existing anymore relaxes me and makes me want to end it","neutral"
"I just bought myself a Bears pullover starter jacket. 8th grade me would be jealous!!","neutral"
"They do with [NAME]","neutral"
"Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes","disgust"
"wow great news . happy for him","caring"
"Heaven forbid /s","neutral"
"Sadly enough I was thinking the same.","remorse"
"Sounds dreadful.","fear"
"amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal","surprise"
"Just read the text of this amendment. I am literally sick to my stomach from reading this. THIS MUST NOT STAND!!","neutral"
"This WILL work for you [NAME]!! I have hope for you bro!!","optimism"
"Yes? FBI? This Lady Right here..","approval"
"Good lord, totally missed that. What a croc.","admiration"
"Everyone’s ageing on here like the milk my flatmate left on the kitchen counter over the holidays","annoyance"
"what a lovely gift, you are blessed my friend, she picked you!!!! use it in good health","love"
"Ya like I said. Depends on my tup sitch","approval"
"You can buy the full "girlfriend experience" with a hooker for way less than 13k lmao.","neutral"
"Good work, friend. ","admiration"
"Never knew that, explains why she was working so hard for the banks all this time.","admiration"
"Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.","gratitude"
"Omg I could cry at this","fear"
"Can I just say that the Elizabeth Line is still a bloody stupid name, and no I don't think I'll just get used to it.","annoyance"
"Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC","disappointment"
"Apologies but what movie is this from?","curiosity"
"Fuck I’m hungry now.","annoyance"
"No thanks, prefer the fairness of Public/Veteran. No cheating admins.","gratitude"
"El oh el that was fucking funny","amusement"
"Except pets are family & love and maternal instincts aren't finite.","neutral"
"Oh don’t get me started about halo, the glory days","neutral"
"damn it, you beat me to it.","annoyance"
"Are we gonna ignore the fact that he passed someone in the right lane???? That’s illegal","disapproval"
"What happend? I dont get this video. Is there any sense in it or just some random talking?","neutral"
"I understand. Thank you for the suggestion.","approval"
"Damn, that's dark","fear"
"No Akechi but I’ll take Ren. ([NAME] they’re all so good)","disapproval"
"Ideal situation. I just don't instead why fans are writing him off. He's a beast.","confusion"
"Flush the toilet that's a deduction.","annoyance"
"Thank you and I try to keep our contact at a minimum.","gratitude"
"Had to make sure you weren't the guy himself before I upvoted you.","realization"
"Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.","disappointment"
"[NAME] has had a great game so far. Really promising.","admiration"
"Can’t wait to see this monster perp walk.","excitement"
"He may be jealous that you were able to do so","neutral"
"Everyone thinks that lol","approval"
"So THATS how he got the room for that backhanded top 10 nhl goal...","neutral"
"I find both [NAME] and [NAME] annoying each in different style.","annoyance"
"Good things take time.","optimism"
"Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.","admiration"
"Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.","amusement"
"I blinked at the perfect moment and thought no one was going to save that man.","neutral"
"Hi [NAME]. Glad you are joining us and am looking forward to watching your episode. Did you do sleeve or rny? I am having rny in 2 weeks!","curiosity"
"Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].","admiration"
"It's like that just before you enter the matrix. Keep at it","neutral"
"Arrogance of the highest order.","anger"
"My husband never watches this show. Watching with me: “[NAME] is a horrible dad. He looks likes he hammered. He’s so greasy”","annoyance"
"r/UpLiftingNews Edit: I just got banned for posting this there.","disappointment"
"Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it","joy"
"[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve","optimism"
"I’m curious, do any other coaches do this?","curiosity"
"Kids, if you're on a dating site that advertises itself as "dating site for millionaires" you're gonna have a bad time","caring"
"Because it was a cool video it was sweet, and because it was a fash it was bitter. Simple as that.","amusement"
"Omg rattos are the best aren’t they<3","excitement"
"Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless","neutral"
"That's why you gotta pump that charisma stat to the max. 😉","love"
"Apparently Sim groomed a 14 year old girl.","neutral"
"I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(","sadness"
"your joke sucks","amusement"
"holy crap that's messed up.","confusion"
"Seriously? That’s so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these “fans” are disgusting.","annoyance"
"[NAME] has the best facial expressions LOL. Her face is literally this emoji: 😒","neutral"
"[NAME] better see the floor today","neutral"
"but this has been going on for months","realization"
"Thank you so much❤️","gratitude"
"I can definitely relate, but I haven’t yet resigned myself to such a fate. Maybe I a few more years....","neutral"
"They announce they hate Brexit first","anger"
"You're thinking of the mirror universe from Star Trek, not [NAME]. Easy mistake to make, I guess.","disapproval"
"Mi Patio Mexican restaurant on 7th ave and Osborne. Their chimi is amazing.","admiration"
"I’m interested in the tactics and positional play lmao ;)","excitement"
"Well, if that's how you always are, I can't imagine even wanting to be next you let alone have deer like sex with you.","realization"
"Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.","disapproval"
"Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.","disgust"
"Prove he harassed them. If there was actual evidence, I would imagine at least one of the kids would’ve put up a video. ","neutral"
"Standard and Poors 500. Stock Market Index. Similar to Dow Jones Industrial Average.","neutral"
"Oh boy this aged poorly","disappointment"
"Yes!!! You cannot expect her to be a good mother at 15.","disapproval"
"Lol stfu really","love"
"the last minute of game time lasted 15 minutes.","neutral"
"Nope nope nope","neutral"
"Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.","anger"
"[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.","approval"
"I love when people call 500ms lights useless.","neutral"
"Good luck with your procedure! Be strong and don't try to let anyone even think they can try to change your mind. This is your decision.","approval"
"My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!","fear"
"Two sessions, actually. He apparently found the party boring","neutral"
"Wow! How does it know?","admiration"
"When I was a kid and it was really interesting how you could do to make you believe that you need to go back to sleep.","approval"
"Awesome!!!","admiration"
"[NAME] on Road Trippin' with how much fun she has with ET and gets super straight forward with anybody else.","neutral"
"You credit yourself with acheivment you do not deserve. Not a first and defenitely wont be the last time.","anger"
"I mean I guess your prostate is healthy right?","confusion"
"Ignoring your Motte and Bailey. What makes the medical needs of America so unique?","curiosity"
"I think womens bodies range widely.. Water, silicone, coconut oil, amounts and frequency needed.. I think these things are largely independent of the quality of arousal..","neutral"
"And no fall damage","neutral"
"I’ve never heard him say it but I wouldn’t be surprised if he did. It’s believable enough","realization"
"Hi Game Grumps? This is [NAME], we want to do a cover with you, just [NAME], not [NAME].","neutral"
"Make a great gag gift","admiration"
"Would this not be the bog-standard practice of allowing close family members to make decisions about resuscitation?","neutral"
"I basically had no negative side effects. I did switch to IUD because I hated remembering to take a pill everyday. But no issues.","annoyance"
"Lmao. Dude, I was thinking the exact same thing. ","amusement"
"Hey now I masturbate in my own filth and I don't take kindly to being compared to these people.","approval"
"[NAME] wants his jokic nipple back. He must suckle","neutral"
"Tough scene for [NAME]","neutral"
"People are paying attention to their assets? Hmmm. I don't feel sorry for them.","curiosity"
"Well damn I guess I timed this post pretty well lol","amusement"
"Dam 😣 that was awesome!","admiration"
"I think the best way to communicate that you’re not sure is not saying anything about it","desire"
"Oh. You’re one of.... ^*those.*","neutral"
"/s. There you go. I have magically inverted the meaning of my comment and removed all inconvenient truth from it","neutral"
"I learned a lot from helping my dad work on his car, namely how to stand very still and quiet while someone loses their shit over something.","optimism"
"“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal","annoyance"
"If you were better than the players you met every day you would be able to get better stats while playing against them.","approval"
"I’m baked and the fact that you updated yourself is extremely satisfying to me so thanks for that.","excitement"
"AQUARIA STANDING THERE SILENTLY IS SENDDDINGGG ME","neutral"
"i cannot stand babies and i would run the other way which is all kinds of illegal if it's my own, haha. ","neutral"
"French fried when he should have pizza'd and had a bad time.","disapproval"
"I would hope the guy is genuine and honest, but in my circumstances, there's not much closure. ","optimism"
"Dear Lord [NAME]...... loving those numbers!","love"
"Can confirm. I never dip pieces of fish into milk. Not makpid about cheese though.","disapproval"
"Great thread for more humblebrags. Can't have enough on this sub","admiration"
"I honestly don't know but the more attention something gets the less it gets ignored","annoyance"
"Wow fuk I'm watching that right now","surprise"
"White Oleander is such a great book, I haven't thought about it for years!! Adding it to my kindle to re-read.","admiration"
"M'loled at this.","neutral"
"Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies. ","admiration"
"When social costs are not incorporated into the private price, markets have left costs outside of its monetary view. Lmfao.","neutral"
"Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone","neutral"
"I'm pretty excited to see how [NAME] develops. Appears that he could be a decent enough player in the future.","excitement"
"WHAT A TWIST!!","surprise"
"I use Firefox with my 5 extensions and one tab, 400MB of RAM being used. I use Chrome with the same conditions, a whole fucking gigabyte. ","annoyance"
"You're delusional and unabashedly willing to lie about others for ideological reasons.","neutral"
"[NAME] was so much cuter then. Also WOW that interview is cringy","amusement"
"wat u fecker","neutral"
"Close your damn mouth before it catches a fly","annoyance"
"Yep. Seriously painful to read","sadness"
"suck me beautiful","admiration"
"Honestly, who can finish a venti frappuccino? Before it melts, anyways.","curiosity"
"[NAME] needs help!","neutral"
"Is it manipulation if it is 100% true, 100% genuine, and 100% good advice?","curiosity"
"Nop nothing YET","neutral"
"Just Deep Fry This and post it on r/dankmemes","neutral"
"I see her reply back to comments all the time 😑","neutral"
"I take showers at night and I desperately need one atm. My hair has been really greasy recently.","desire"
"Although it can use a CD, Windows and Linux will both automatically install drivers, so it's weird to do it manually. ","neutral"
"This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much!","excitement"
"What an effort! Lets Go Pens!","optimism"
"Hopefully they got a chance to see [NAME].","optimism"
"Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!","confusion"
"No that's stupid","disapproval"
""...And what do I find out?! There is no [NAME]. This whole team is a god damn ghost town!"","anger"
"It feels like an ironic meme. How is this not ironic?","curiosity"
"I want it!","neutral"
"Not gonna lie sometimes I crave meatloaf...","neutral"
"[NAME] somehow guides Killie to both 2nd and 3rd place, this frees up an extra relegation spot and Hamilton are finally flushed. ","approval"
"You severely misunderstand the evidence if your answer is 'NO TO ALL' regarding your questions. Especially the last one.","caring"
"He's a RFA this summer so we can keep him if we want. We definitely have the space for it.","neutral"
"Guess I hit a triple","neutral"
"Huh. Similar things happen to me. Just my big brother believe that I got the wrong diagnoses and Dad think I am "cured".","confusion"
"If I were her I would've opened the car door and properly petted the obviously good boy","neutral"
"You will never have as many girls interested in you as when you have a girlfriend. They can smell it","annoyance"
"Low life is as low life does. I wouldn't be too surprised if he's broke by the time he's middle aged, unfortunately.","neutral"
"never, because I actually married someone I wanted to be with l, and didn’t fucking betray their trust, unlike you arseholes ","neutral"
"I’m in one of those schools now got offered weed yesterday almost bullied into smoking","embarrassment"
"Oh ok. I'll go check them out :)","approval"
"Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad","annoyance"
"I know I’m late, but happy cake day :D","excitement"
"He's stealing J . Huges spotlight... [NAME] proud of himself again.","neutral"
"Already have one of those, mate :) just looking for a good replacement so I can continue using my [NAME]","joy"
"I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all","remorse"
"Mama [NAME] is not gonna be happy","neutral"
"This is badass. I'd love to see it placed over war pigs. Amazing work OP","excitement"
"You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.","anger"
"I liked going to the beach as a kid, but as soon as we were done I wanted that sand *off*. Wet sand gets *everywhere*.","neutral"
"Maybe she’ll think it was cute how shy you were","neutral"
"> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.","optimism"
"Yeah he's a real one. I would've loved him coaching the Broncos","love"
"a weird way to spell Boys Don’t Turbo Grafx 16","disgust"
"Let's be real though, the waifu is probably younger than his kidfu","realization"
""How did they get away from everyone. "Fillies and gentlecolts,we are gathered here today to honor the nation of England for this Oscar.","curiosity"
"Hopefully [NAME] has a chance to get some decent Exotics as a free agent","neutral"
"It doesn't sound like there is much that isn't a waste of money in your opinion.","neutral"
"Nah man sorry if it's being taken wrong. I'm trying to say that I got an idea from her actions. Should have just said that","realization"
"Oh you know they’re BOTH going for it.","approval"
"If someone starts that, I’ll join in. Their mods help perpetuate it all.","approval"
"My ecology professor hated outdoor cats for that reason. They're extremely destructive animals.","annoyance"
"Cold Stone, I would have been in line","neutral"
"“WHY CANT I BELIEVE IN COMMUNISM AND BE A [NAME] TOO” Muh purity test","annoyance"
"Didnt work for me, but thanks 🙆","gratitude"
"She is probably a lot regarding [NAME], but I think they should have, but it still does a solo lsfyl to neon lights and loses.","neutral"
"You now have 3 threads about this within the last 10 hours. Pick one and stick with it.","annoyance"
"don't you know? the world is america only [NAME] Bless.","surprise"
"Wow. What is wrong with you","admiration"
"So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.","disappointment"
"Do you have any non anecdotal stuff to say or? Also burden of proof is a thing, you made a claim, prove it or fuck off","anger"
"Oh [NAME] your tolling.","neutral"
"Gives me physical pain thanks","approval"
"Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing. ","gratitude"
"The last statement just seemed like a bit of a jibe.","neutral"
"This video is what gets me saving into my future fund bruh. Edit: r/personalfinance","optimism"
"I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.","grief"
"This stinks like Troom Troom","neutral"
""I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself." Thank you [NAME]. ","gratitude"
"Don't worry, he won't be for long","caring"
"The extra B is for bargain.","neutral"
"I still think [NAME] is better, [NAME] normal are really bad... ","approval"
"thus is beautiful","gratitude"
"Yo bud take a breather. It’s just b-ball","neutral"
"[NAME] really loves [NAME].","love"
"Nope. Are we at the name calling stage? And here I thought we were getting along.","confusion"
"I have my hatchet's wear out fast cutting trees, and I miss throwing the axe on my back for better inventory... thanks for responses!","neutral"
"OK. You’re not distinguishing yourself from an anti-theist. >[RELIGION] [NAME] I said ‘a god’.","neutral"
"Oh my. That will show them","approval"
"I was expecting her to come in to work looking like [NAME] from the [NAME] show...","desire"
"Why did you get it in the first place?","confusion"
"You're welcome! I wish her the best.","caring"
"Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol","annoyance"
"I love that username","admiration"
"That was quick lol. I like what I see so far too but come on","admiration"
"You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.","anger"
"Weird question, have they tried his Kentucky office or where ever he goes when Congress isn't in session , maybe he fled the capital?","disgust"
"This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it","gratitude"
"No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.","disapproval"
"Okay, cool. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Still no [NAME] on before him.. we're supposed to be proving how important he is to us","neutral"
"He is looking for the one that is leaking information, he doesn't want to throw anyone under the bus on purpose","disappointment"
"They lived a good life! I honor them by using all their parts","admiration"
"We are there right now. 🍺","approval"
"I don’t love prison- I love the stuff that leads me TO prison. Get on board, [NAME].","love"
"I shed a tear at how beautifully well said this comment was.","neutral"
"Shameless plug for /r/Harris2020","anger"
"Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person","caring"
"Are you in love with the memories or do you still love him for who he is now?","surprise"
"What the Fuck?","anger"
"Dude, the elderly are some that are the most at risk of dying from the flu.","realization"
"Honestly you should have gone nuclear on him","neutral"
"No worries. Just didn't see them. My bad.","sadness"
"Everyone except [NAME] dying and [NAME] doesn’t know what happened","neutral"
"oh is that it","surprise"
"Have to admit, a completed quest log would've been nice.","approval"
"But muh identity politics!!!","neutral"
"Difficult to see how this video wouldn’t have been much more interesting if properly shot in landscape.","disapproval"
"[NAME] 1st wife was his fucking cousin","anger"
"And let me guess, is our friend [NAME] also shilling his own coin that solves all the problems?","curiosity"
"This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10","admiration"
"Slowing down does not equal stopping, the answer to stopping this is at a government level, not praying that corporations want to leave possible profits alone.","neutral"
"Pls provide a timestamp to their antimigration chants and bravado lol","neutral"
"Second quote is [NAME], I will Remember You. She's a great singer :)","admiration"
"I guess you’ve become something of an icon","optimism"
"I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.","neutral"
"It's none of your business. Stay out of it.","annoyance"
"Well that didn't take long, sorry for your loss :(","disappointment"
"It smelled even worse than it sounds. You learn just how quickly someone's feet can rot and really stink up an entire bay.","disgust"
"Does this not happen to all people? If not then at least I found out a little more about why this always happens to me.","neutral"
"Thank you, I had no idea if it was normal or not lol. I felt like I was the only one until just now. I appreciate it ","admiration"
"I'd watch out for the brother. He seems like the type of guy to try to murder you years from now.","curiosity"
"Believe you me. TLJ is much, much worse.","disappointment"
"Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.","neutral"
"But but [NAME] and his bad postseason stats","neutral"
"Pop pop!","neutral"
"Younger and younger he goes and where he'll stop no one knows. Sorry you had top be in such a situation. Thanks for the post op.","gratitude"
"That windshield crack from his skull!","neutral"
"Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.","anger"
"Oh. It really is [RELIGION]. I was wondering if that was a bad gag.","confusion"
"So 10 bucks says shes just gonna leave him after this anyway","neutral"
"I'm either an optimistic nihilist or a pessimistic existentialist. Only further readings will tell!","optimism"
"Awesome - welcome aboard and tell your friends!","admiration"
"He actually did, couldn't believe it.","disappointment"
"Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.","annoyance"
"Hahahahahahahaa (Sorry, that is all I can say, it does not require a more intelligible comment.) ","amusement"
"Ah!! Was not expecting to read that this morning on my commute 😭 lol Just so beautiful! ","admiration"
"I interview applicants and respect people that ask about work life balance and harassment policy... are applicants afraid of asking these questions?","fear"
"A billon more [NAME] saves and I’ll have [NAME]!","neutral"
"He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.","anger"
"Its literally bread on a bread board, whats the issue here?","curiosity"
"[NAME] fucking dammit","anger"
"Don’t link the technical definition of terms if you don’t want people to apply it. Enjoy your New Year.","neutral"
"/r/politics is an interesting thread regarding this.","curiosity"
"dont care what you call it, just glad he's getting the job done. its what elections are about.","caring"
"I was almost certain it was gonna be [NAME]","optimism"
"There seems to a bet between [NAME] and [NAME] whose semi final match would be more of a bloodbath","excitement"
"Fuck you bro","anger"
"My life!","neutral"
"No you are providing more than enough evidence. Post histories do exist. Now fuck off.","annoyance"
"...by the same person even","neutral"
"I think it looks great","admiration"
"Do you hate China then?","curiosity"
"I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(","disappointment"
"He can barely speak, but he still pulls off the perfect "yaaaa [NAME]","neutral"
"Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but... ","approval"
"I agree. The timing is really funny to me","amusement"
"Lol, and be sure to slam the door real hard when you leave.","neutral"
"What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!","love"
"Sad but true.","disappointment"
"no one loves me","sadness"
"If you manage to accidentally do that you have bigger worries than the sound to think about.","neutral"
"Good because I've been waiting since September!","gratitude"
"Not sure if this has been asked but is autism a result of not having a filter? Apologies if I offend.","remorse"
"Lake inle is a beautiful place","admiration"
"Aww, it’s retarded. ","neutral"
"this is fucking beautiful coaching not sure what combination of our coaching and defensive coordinators cooked up this scheme but [NAME] this is basketball porn","anger"
"We have ungendered/mix sex bathrooms and I'm pretty sure people void and defecate in them too.","approval"
"I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys","joy"
"Dam boys, we announcing players back in training like new signings! ","admiration"
"No, he controlled the match. He had to be dialed in the whole time and he was.","disapproval"
"Yep. That's what made me kiss my SO for the first time. Those eyes. I don't think I'll ever forget.","love"
"May the fleas of a thousand camels infest their armpits.","neutral"
"Be prepared for a child support order. But my dad just decided he didn't want to pay any more and the CSEA was ok with that.","approval"
"Damn, and he was wearing a helmet too.","annoyance"
"alarms are kinda rude.","approval"
"Genuinely laughed really hard","amusement"
""Oh no, my blue heroes died, it's probably very bad, time to concede".","disappointment"
"I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.","disgust"
"Driving drunk and killing people is where it stops","disapproval"
"Lucky you, some people have all the love ","love"
"Go for it, it will be a new experience it may not go good but you'll learn someway ","approval"
"No worries. Just giving you a hard time!","fear"
"They'd probably just use it to buy up armies and navies for tyrants who oppress and reign with blood and horror or some shit.","annoyance"
"The reason you keep going is the same as mine, I just don’t know how we’ll get there.","confusion"
"Interesting trend. Just wait till they learn about the church's racism and history claims....","neutral"
"Dance with the devil by immortal technique Honestly one of the most messed up rap songs they will ever hear.","annoyance"
"That’s really cool! How did you do this?","admiration"
"I absolutely thinky wife is more beautiful now than when I met her.","admiration"
"I think she looked perfect beforehand. They're just too big!","admiration"
"Usually i am getting games back to back so no standing time for me 😒","neutral"
"Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.","remorse"
"Oh look what you did! Now I have to go and get my cold cream gun.","annoyance"
"I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah","annoyance"
"I think that's a minority, not the majority there.","disapproval"
"I'm not sure the game is balanced with always having access to healing or bouncing from lane. Much harder to wear down a hero.","disapproval"
"Censorship is working is definitely something that a statist might say.","neutral"
"Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.","admiration"
"[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].","love"
"Aww!! Thank you! I had fun making it, I also ADORE [NAME] 😍","approval"
"Yeah let's wrap up AS4 I'm suddenly so much more excited for S11","excitement"
"I usually find it is something like a balloon and wait for them to have saved more often lol.","curiosity"
"Like....what even is the purpose of that lie? Ahaha","amusement"
"Your meme is bad and you should feel bad","amusement"
"I know, right?! I was literally in tears Saturday night 😪 It's only 3 years old!!","curiosity"
"YOU'RE AWESOME, THANKS!","admiration"
"Lots of physical intimacy and sex almost every time we met. Never suspected that this would ever become a problem.","realization"
"Me and my babyboys safety word is Obama. But I like yours too.","love"
"Lol I need to see this movie again.","amusement"
"Yes, I should be- GOOD LORD, WHAT IS HAPPENING IN THERE?","neutral"
"You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.","neutral"
"[NAME], you are a freak.","anger"
"Because all our society has done for the past 60 years is talk about your problems.","annoyance"
"Oh good god. This is not what makes someone Minnesotan. Or backtrack. This might be the exact type of post that makes someone look Minnesotan.","neutral"
"Some people are lucky! Def ask your daughter.","neutral"
"In case you're wondering, Nintendo does put a bittering agent in their Switch cartridges...and it tastes horrible. ","disgust"
"So are we discussing the bill as it is written, or this new imaginary bill you just proposed? ","confusion"
"imagine being engaged to someone and then finding out he has been hiding that he is a MLP fan","neutral"
"For me it’s the complete opposite. Complete dread in the morning and usually more hopeful in the evening.","optimism"
"Yay twinsies! SAHM here too, in the midst of summer holidays at the moment. It's rough.","annoyance"
"**LET’S GO HAWKS!!!**","neutral"
"Got one, it's still bad dude","disgust"
"I've always found it weird how popular Nandos is in Britain.","surprise"
"My uncle was hit by some kids doing the bird box challenge a few weeks back. It’s ridiculous.","annoyance"
"That’s it! Thank you!!","gratitude"
"Really confused how every comment with more than 1 upvote says this isnt cringe and yet the post has 1.3k votes...?","confusion"
"I think it said he was 6 foot 9 inch and she was 5 foot 1 inch","neutral"
"What logic justifies $33 that would not also justify $5000?","admiration"
"I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.","love"
"[NAME] is getting the shit beat out of him and can't get a call","neutral"
"Makes me want to go shit on the doorstep of 540 Hampshire Street (Good2go HQ)","disgust"
"What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that","anger"
"would love to see a win here","desire"
"I guess we both have just had wildly different experiences with the game and how our friends have played it. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","joy"
"A person can make mistakes. Doesn't make her a bad lawyer. Her career history speaks for itself.","neutral"
"weird. i went 3/3 earlier.","confusion"
"I fail to see how: capitalists are the ones responsible for going to war and not the government, how wars make money.","neutral"
"Right. You can fix ignorant. You can’t fix stupid.","annoyance"
"I'm an inspiring man","pride"
"I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously) ","disappointment"
"I prefer HOWDY MISTER","approval"
"So THIS is the Bad Place!","realization"
"There is some serious congnitive dissonance going on. I know, we are one's to talk, but I think cheaters are a little more self-aware. ","disappointment"
"WHEN IS SOON YEEZUS KRIST","neutral"
"This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.","gratitude"
"Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.","neutral"
"Wasn't it 2005 after [NAME] call back?","neutral"
"This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography","admiration"
"You guys rock!","approval"
"What a charming puddle of smegma.","excitement"
"Bagel Bites?! Blashphemous! Pizza rolls or die. (All joking aside, welcome! And Bagel Bites are freaking delicious)","admiration"
"I keep seeing you around and I love the art. I really want to get into drawing but I’m only good ad heads and faces.","desire"
"I’m glad I was able to find a recipe that allowed me to use my Christmas Gift cast iron skillet.","neutral"
"When giving birth is the only thing you’ve ever accomplished","approval"
"I'm genuinely curious how Russia's vested interest in South Africa will have any impact on the way that Russian news reports on SA","curiosity"
"[NAME]. I really loved your hustle for 35 yards. That's why it was so hard to cut you.","admiration"
"I’d say it’s rare, but never?","disapproval"
"I'm just too lazy to count a subreddit for 20 characters every time I see one","neutral"
"Of course I remember a time when I didn't know what calories were. I was a child.","realization"
"Ok, thats my thinking too. If [NAME] really only gets 180 anyone who didn't make that deal (like us) is pretty dang foolish.","annoyance"
"True but I think that's what the other poster was thinking at least","neutral"
"Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊","caring"
"Clearly I need to run for President so that I can blame all of my failures on my run for President.","approval"
"Accurate ! Thanks","gratitude"
"I told him to go away with his best friend to California, I am so appreciative!! ","admiration"
"She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.","neutral"
">You're splitting hairs. Owning something vs having something on loan for however long the owner lets you have it is not splitting hairs.","neutral"
"I will lose my shit on you if you eat in my car. I don’t do it so why the fuck do you think you can?","anger"
"Am I not supposed to have what I want, what I need","disapproval"
"Yeah that doesn't sound fun at all. I may just stick to the burbs.... Thanks for the reply.","gratitude"
"Star Wars Episode IX: We’re Sorry Please Come Back We Fixed It","gratitude"
"That’s literally the stupidest thing ever If you think that what is stopping it to be applied to more than just bi-sexuality Seems a bit self destructive","sadness"
"Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance","annoyance"
"Reads the title... so what? Reads the rest... oh. OH. Always nice to see reverse clickbait","optimism"
"On PS4 it's very toxic. I would imagine it is the same over on Xbox One aswell","neutral"
"Stay strong, you’ll pull through.","caring"
"Mash 'im, boil 'im, stick 'im in a stew.","neutral"
"the trend was that i didn't really like any of them. Turns out i was just desperate.","disapproval"
"Yeah she looks pretty cute in that pic tbh","admiration"
"Has anyone ever told you that you look like a young and skinny [NAME]?","curiosity"
"I appreciate you stat heads because I never look at TS or really any of that stuff tbh. No advanced metrics for me","gratitude"
"That happened at my college, ofc TFM had to come in and brand it as their own. What a joke.","neutral"
"that was clearly only one pump, bad call","disappointment"
"This almost certainly should not have gone to OT. SEC refs are bad CBB refs are bad","disapproval"
"I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...","approval"
"I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.","surprise"
"[NAME] also played CDM for [NAME] so I would take that CB thing with a pinch of salt...","neutral"
"> Wolf Hall Sounds interesting ! You've inadvertently led me down a rabbit hole of historical wikipedia pages now...","approval"
"If somebody is fundamentally unsocialized chances are they behave socially inappropriate in more than one situation","neutral"
"> You don't own them so that they will give you eggs, you saved them and now coincidentally they give you eggs. This!","neutral"
"No I know they're on xbox. I just added that last part as a poor attempt to be funny.","neutral"
"Alicorn then maybe?","neutral"
"I'd love to hear someone argue in support of our current income inequality..","desire"
"He is a brave man to even have the courage to put this foundation on his face. I wouldn't have even if [NAME] told me to!","admiration"
"he looks pretty average to me. like many guys i've seen on the train.","admiration"
"Sounds dreadful.","fear"
"Did you do the frame check by yourself or someone else did it?","confusion"
"Lol yeah I did, that's why specified the killer, for survivor the fun comes from escaping so tunneling feels like shit","annoyance"
"Oh that's right they just came back from the vacation. This is a vacation business trip. What a fuckin' joke.","amusement"
"Id be pretty weary if a girl wouldn't talk about previous relationships.","disappointment"
"Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!","approval"
"Live out their Shonan Anime fantasy of being “the one” without a proper DM to tell them no.","neutral"
"Yeah lazily typing a naughty word to some retard on the internet is a real indicator of being angry rofl","amusement"
"Well the post wasn’t anything new. We’ve had these posts for pretty much all offseason.","neutral"
"This is fantastic and I'm happy for her!","admiration"
"Can these guys just pick a team in the AL and go there??","annoyance"
"i bet her breath stinks","neutral"
"Guess I’m heading back to the kitche :)","neutral"
"This honestly explains so much. Thanks for some insight into myself lol","gratitude"
"Eh my doctor isn't a GP. She knows her shit.","approval"
"Everytime I get to hug someone.","joy"
"Maybe not harassment in this tweet in particular, but there are difinitely some fans who are still pressed about eliminations and are not afraid to let the queens know","annoyance"
"There's no room in this movement for your bigotry.","approval"
"Hi, this is [NAME] from Hairspray the movie...I care! ","caring"
"The comics are pretty unbeliavable too","admiration"
"Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..","amusement"
"In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward","neutral"
"Really visually haunting though. For me, it makes me think of strange alternate futures and dystopian sci-fi worlds. ","fear"
"Thank you for explaining:)","gratitude"
"that's an adventure!","surprise"
"Hmmm, this may be the one Friday evening in which reservations are easy to obtain... ","neutral"
"Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!","optimism"
"This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.","annoyance"
"His Fairy Godparents are just a hallucination created by his mind as a coping mechanism to deal with the hostile world around him.","neutral"
"Look at [NAME] and you should be good, he has a career like 58% GB rate ","caring"
"That’s the free market for you!","approval"
"Hello there fellow Bolts fan, ride the lightning ⚡️","neutral"
"Just legalize it, already. Do it the proper way instead of by executive fiat. I hate the lawlessness—“the pen and a phone” bullshit.","annoyance"
"I'm so glad you're annoyed.","joy"
"I like to support anybody who supports veganism, especially at places like this, to show them their is a demand, and a future for it","approval"
"It’s really sad to see","sadness"
"Population control in russia","neutral"
"Happy Cake Day [NAME]! Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.","joy"
"These are all problems you're creating for yourself, not something she's doing.","fear"
"According to Google the quote is from a book by [NAME].","neutral"
"It’s trying to steal his soul by sucking his breath out of him .","neutral"
"WE ARE NOT FACEBOOK","neutral"
"All star is a popularity contest voted by the fans. Stupid as fuck. [NAME] should be an all star this year","neutral"
"I watch almost every Bears game as I am in that market lol","amusement"
"Wow that's amazing, I hope my situation is as good next year. ","joy"
"I admit I’ll be fairly happy if we continue to invest in young internationals and sign a $100+ mil free agent every offseason.","approval"
"I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate","optimism"
"She does it again in last nights episode, it’s so shady!!","annoyance"
"You're ugly","disapproval"
"This. It seems he's undoubtedly [NAME] preferred option.","admiration"
"What do you mean?","curiosity"
"I used it for a while. It made me way more sociable and generally happier, optimistic Less anxious and stuck up Until it didnt, so enjoy it while it lasts","admiration"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Fair enough! that's useful and relevant (if anecdotal) evidence. I whish there where good studies on all of this. :-/","desire"
"I took Hawaii ML and even I'm clenching.... this is INSANE","amusement"
"I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys","desire"
"Facts and logic don't care about your feelings, antivax ***LIBTARD***","neutral"
"I have regrets. But I am trying to make the best of the situation.","realization"
"They are more ninja than freaking tremor and ermac.","neutral"
"Has anyone actually read the terms of service. I haven’t...😔 Is this a valid reason to break the contract I signed?","curiosity"
"Thanks, posted there!","gratitude"
"Wow so much younger but he sounds mature","surprise"
"Thank you, I thought the plane in the picture was cool too. I am. One of the best pictures I’ve taken with my phone.","admiration"
"Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.","disgust"
"[NAME] username xD","neutral"
"Not the mud bees!","neutral"
"i love how the caption implies that the only unrealistic thing/ the only thing that gives away the photoshop is the sleeve lol","amusement"
"This did not age well lol","neutral"
"But people already know I'm weird.","disappointment"
"Doesn't state strangers either. Assume some more.","neutral"
"This isn't Craigslist, post is removed.","neutral"
"UNLESS THEY ARE ABUSIVE OR IT'S AN LDR!","neutral"
"When I get real pissed I just do R2 then R3 after lol.","amusement"
"Why is it illegal?","curiosity"
"Yeah Yeah Yeah! Im still Standing Yeah Yeah Yeah!","neutral"
"It’s on Snapchat twice every time I load it up","neutral"
"and who's going to enforce that ?","neutral"
"I was just about to comment this. She might be a wonderful human being, but I have suspicions. ","approval"
"Oi us cancers don’t want him either! We respectfully pass his birthday to April","admiration"
"> Every billionaire is a policy failure Damn right!","disgust"
"What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs","curiosity"
"If [NAME] inferior pinning move can pierce hyper armour why can't my man Glad.","curiosity"
"In our society it is more shameful to pay for sex, do drugs and to gamble than to praise the death of innocent innocent victims.","nervousness"
"Thanks for the suggestion!","gratitude"
"That is amazing! Congratulations! Such a great news!","admiration"
"Everyone likes [NAME].","love"
"I mean, yes. But in terms of real dollars, they will still pay a lot more taxes than before.","neutral"
"That was one of the things that I didn't think about and I already gave a delta for that.","optimism"
"I think we should get married","neutral"
"I do actually, everytime I buy vegetable or sunflower oil I get that massive plastic jug thing that the supermarket sells its only like £2.50/£3.50 depending where you go","neutral"
"lmao no. *assigned* female. Doctors can be wrong, especially wrt intersex children. The rest is just words to say things, not actually responding to anything.","neutral"
"Feeling insecure now","nervousness"
"It won't matter how you explain it. He's cruel and insensitive and doesn't care about how you feel.","anger"
"Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!","admiration"
"But would you really want to make amends with them after they out of blue left you for someone you loathe?","neutral"
"Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood. ","remorse"
"yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3","admiration"
">I have, on multiple occasions, enjoyed sipping on my flask of scotch at Bowness ","excitement"
"Don't give away my zip code! Craft beer and fabuloso be dammed!!","annoyance"
"People with autism are awesome. Atypical, interesting, passionate, expressive, and awesome.","admiration"
"This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.","disapproval"
"hahaha, this is great. We need more anarchist jokes.","joy"
"> weird ass-coments *** ^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^xkcd#37","neutral"
"I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.","embarrassment"
"This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.","approval"
"Welcome to my world. fml","excitement"
"I'm crying laughing in the cubes.","neutral"
"[NAME] I hate Twitter","disappointment"
"I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.","disapproval"
"Violence only begets violence. We'll wind up with an authoritarian despot as ruler if there's a violent revolution.","neutral"
"Yeah I could definitely see that, which is sad.","approval"
"I take my girlfriends words literally and she gets fucking pissed.","anger"
"shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him","caring"
"You either didnt have any real problems in the first place or you should get some real help if I didnt sleep for 25 days memerson saved your life.","disapproval"
"What did he say?","confusion"
"It’s ok to go to bed with that drip tonight.","relief"
"Happy new year!","joy"
"I think it'd probably look darker, but I was mostly on about flavour. You'd definitely tell the difference in flavour.","neutral"
"I mean...I'm not saying they did, I'm just saying I would have...","optimism"
"Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.","approval"
"A SWEDISH penis enlarger pump? make sure you read the instructions by austin powers.","neutral"
"Happy birthday [NAME]","neutral"
"Oh I didn't even see that at first! I thought it was just a clipboard, but you've found a second angle! ","surprise"
"I'm a firm believer that you should take courses before having children, that you should have a license for them","optimism"
"this was hard to watch but i’d take it over the grungy redhead talking about her full tummy 🤮","annoyance"
"AND HIS FATHER WAS A DRACULA","neutral"
"Holy shit!!","surprise"
"You’re number 1 now.","neutral"
"When someone swipes over too far when you’re showing them pictures on your phone","neutral"
"Not sure why it matters but i imagine shes as old as all the other v3 ultimates, so around 16-17","confusion"
"She completely understands, that's why she does this.","realization"
"Tell me Homeless [NAME], what's the secert to long and beautiful hair? ","neutral"
"Me too 💕","approval"
"Losing my Origin account? Oh no, how else will I play thousands of other non-shitty EA games now?","disappointment"
"Don't forget about the flooding in Houston. :/","caring"
"You know even when women wear their hair natural they’re still putting products in it right?","neutral"
"You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.","admiration"
"Thanks for actually reading and responding to the question...;) I’ll check those out","gratitude"
"ISN'T YOUR CLUB RUN BY A JABBA-THE-HUT-LOOKING DONALD-TRUMP-ACTING MORON WITH A ~~FIVE SIX SEVEN TEN~~ FIFTEEN YEAR PLAN?","curiosity"
""Wildlife Safari is excited to offer paintings made by the elephants living right here in Southern Oregon!" ","excitement"
"“Facts don’t care about your feelings” is also a good one to chuck back at them.","neutral"
"I don’t think he forgot I think he was just really out of breath","surprise"
"I like the high ground suggestion. Thanks","gratitude"
"Don't wear out our [NAME]. We need him if this season is going to amount to anything.","optimism"
"I disagree with you, therefore you must be an idiot. K.","disapproval"
"Someone did this when the roommate was breaking into her room and trying to leave dirty cat litter in it","neutral"
"Nah axe is ok","approval"
"Let me give you a hint: THEY PLAY IN BOSTON!!!","neutral"
"Oh, it’s actually its own thing. I heard goo and just assumed the worst.","realization"
"What would be the best place to search for teammates then","confusion"
"Finally getting the help it needs","optimism"
"good luck my friend","caring"
"I mean... once you know about the "trick" it takes about 30 seconds to master.","neutral"
"Respond to his comment including one of these Δ or !delta and an explanation of why it changed your view.","neutral"
"Very glad to hear. Good luck. He has more control then he thinks!","gratitude"
"Yea but you seem to forget how bad we were last year. Worst year in the franchise history.","disappointment"
"Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.","approval"
"I’m surprised nyxl hasn’t done that with their overloaded dps roster, but a possible upcoming import limit might be the issue","excitement"
"it's ok to need an equal partner","neutral"
"Man it's so cringy. Can't I like Classic Rock AND hip-hop? smh btw he forgot the beatles, just sayin...","neutral"
"I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!","approval"
"My best friend waited 5+ years for her boyfriend in prison to come out. Two days before coming out, he dumped her.","sadness"
"Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)","admiration"
"Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.","desire"
"There is none, if anything pro government newspapers have been trying to show that its not the case in the last couple weeks. ","neutral"
"Anyone have a clip of [NAME]’ three?","neutral"
"The furthest thing from my mind and likely everyone else since you’re the first to mention it.","neutral"
"Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.","neutral"
"True despair.","disappointment"
"3/10 bad troll","disappointment"
"***RUINS THE BALANCE IN THE FORCE***","neutral"
"[NAME] has always intrigued me. Some people hate her, others love her. Same with [NAME]. Personally they're both my faves <3","neutral"
"wait wasn't r [NAME] the guy who enjoyed pissing on people?","neutral"
"oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!","admiration"
"I've had 1, 2, and 4 said to me. I'm completely done at this point.","approval"
"Parents drugging their kids to prove a point. I love it.","love"
"Hi [NAME]? You mean like what we say when the night manager comes into work?","neutral"
"I'm sitting at 7.5 Do I do it?","neutral"
"It’s a joke.","amusement"
"Ehhh kill streaks aka point streaks in bfv.. Not impressed. That game is booty water bf1 is way more fun","annoyance"
"Nobody uses OkCupid anymore. Go to a bar and pick someone up","neutral"
"No thank you, I'm just here to use your bathroom","neutral"
"Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.","caring"
"Bide your time, keep your eyes open, and build the reputation and relationship needed. The opportunity will come.","caring"
"Juicing at 19 seems so extreme to me","excitement"
"And they lived happily ever after.","approval"
"Poor [NAME]. I like her. I wish they'd show what's going on with her.","desire"
"Though i think i preferred it when it was artistic and gritty i still love that series. Listening to the audiobook he took the voices from. highly recomended","desire"
"I enjoy cycling too much lol","amusement"
"He should really let [NAME] come inside him","neutral"
"So sorry 😐","remorse"
"He chose to live as long as possible until pneumonia took him out. People should have the choice not to live until the very end.","approval"
"bravo.. my friend.. bravo.. that was great!! I've never seen that before. That made my day.","optimism"
"That is not how that all went down. Good story though.","admiration"
"Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!","anger"
"Checkout real cool people that I'm sure would love to help you out.","approval"
"What's the name of it? I googled Anker and there are several, but I want an included SD lol","amusement"
"I'm definitely feeling like it's been a never ending hurting fest, so I hope you're right.","optimism"
"I'm really excited for this. I loved the sense of adventure / danger in Sunless Seas.","excitement"
"So you gonna Break up? She obviously don't care about you're boundaries.","annoyance"
"“The game is trash but I want it.” Great logic.","annoyance"
"How. Just how","curiosity"
"What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that","disgust"
"**Who would win:** a team of 10+ moderators with libertarian principals or one person with a Python programming environment?","neutral"
"Medical interventions that are undertaken to save the life of the mother, even if the result is the death of the fetus, are morally permissible. ","caring"
"Sorry, What I meant to say was if it had been worded differently it wouldn't have the same effect. ","remorse"
"Are you really saying a leashed dog has the same potential to attack as a non leashed dog? Lmao.","neutral"
"Now it's 7","neutral"
"Lol nice grammar","amusement"
"He’s one of the calmest goalies I’ve ever seen in general haha","admiration"
"What. The. Actual. Fuck. *Gags*","neutral"
"Tru tru still a little suss, doesn't drake [NAME] [NAME] brown n potentially groomed a model at 16? Dudes dodgy af","neutral"
"Sad... RIP","sadness"
"She’s been on this sub twice now, girl has to get her feet back on earth.","neutral"
"Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.","remorse"
"Alright. Go to your corner.","neutral"
">They played three games in a week three separate times. [NAME], that's absolutely brutal","surprise"
"I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.","disapproval"
"Actually if they formally organize in any way then they face discrimination charges for not including enough ethnic/ religious minorities.","neutral"
"You have a very justifiable reason to be upset and vent. I am this happened to you.","neutral"
"That's what I heard coming into this game, people were saying if they don't handle gobert, game over","neutral"
"Honestly, this is hilarious. Did he reply?","amusement"
"You expect me to believe that [NAME] and [NAME] have so many things in common but are different people? Must be the same person.","neutral"
"It’s literally a meme ideology. Sstaaaaahhhhpppp","annoyance"
"[NAME] will never do anything to help you. You must stand up for yourself.","caring"
"Confused and triggered","confusion"
"Holy shit. I remember sleeping on the back window "ledge" in my parents' car! I haven't thought about that in years.","annoyance"
"“I do not aim to be word-perfect”: my new personal motto.","neutral"
"Same lines as others. If this really is the big one, it’ll last. No need to move too fast. ","optimism"
"Can you adopt me? I’m after those bones","confusion"
"Lots of free stuff for Mission Presidents]( and [Q12-Q70.","neutral"
"To think that Doom GOATs isn't even EM's strongest form...damn, no wonder the [NAME] are 100% on EM","neutral"
">Hell, before we lived together we once went 19 months without sex Sounds like you should have addressed these issues a long time ago.","realization"
"[NAME] is also in a HEAP of financial and technically legal trouble right now. lol","joy"
"The Dark Knight that didn't rise?? Home Alone.. forever?","confusion"
"While technically true, I think Spin-off generally has the connotation of being canon or at least appealing to canon.","neutral"
"I recommend this. I read the WN and it fucked up my English for months. English is my second language...","neutral"
"So you're saying there's a chance I'm a bot... I don't even know what's real anymore!","confusion"
"To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)","approval"
" Change is hard. Find comfort in victory, even the small ones. Let that propel you to become the person you were destined to be. ","neutral"
"Thank you for that :) I'm not OP but I am really happy to read your comment.","gratitude"
"Good thing it wasn't entrapment. Entrapment would be tricking him into, or forcing him into breaking the law. Here she's just lying and begging.","admiration"
"That’s exactly what it was. Exciting entertainment. Sometimes you just gotta let go & accept it for what it is.","amusement"
"How many days in are you? I just started but I could message you on here. I don't use WhatsApp or Facebook.","neutral"
">big dumb rodeo Them's fightin' words","disapproval"
"I wanna give [NAME] a mosquito bite","amusement"
"Why? I love it.","curiosity"
"your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware","anger"
"She might be hungry too since she didn’t lose her head ... feed that skinny thang","caring"
"Many people are saying this is true. Great story.","approval"
"In Mekkkah's latest pitfall video, he describes the common bad habit new Fire Emblem players have of _________.","neutral"
"Wow, I'm glad he's okay.","joy"
"Indescribably beautiful.","admiration"
"Been saying horford has been overrated since he got that fat contract","disapproval"
"Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!","annoyance"
"Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!","approval"
"I'd bet this guy is also one of those people that said "not my president" for 8 years when [NAME] was in office... ","neutral"
"I think OD needs a rework. Get rid of that crappy 50% passive and give him some sort of active or a proper passive ability.","confusion"
"downvoted to hell but i understand your experience. salute, soldier.","admiration"
"I kinda figured it out after I edited that and reread it all. It then sunk in that I got baited harder than a fish.","annoyance"
"Haha i have 2 chinchillas from a manic episode about 8 years ago. They're sweet little things.","amusement"
"A thousand year old institution that is hundreds of years old and has remained largely unchanged for almost a decade.","neutral"
"I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!","joy"
"Oh look a [NAME] flair why am I not surprised","confusion"
"More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.","anger"
"Youre right...shes one of my least fav characters. I think they use her as a straight foil in alot of episodes.","love"
"When I die, I want [NAME] and [NAME] buried with me.","desire"
"[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.","approval"
"Which guy is that again? Theres also [NAME], hyper pro military special ops guy. ","confusion"
"(System auto-corrects Tyranus) - You interfered with our affairs for the last time.","annoyance"
"Wow amazing, anyone know where can I find more at higher resolution?","surprise"
"Your comment is kinda wasted. He can't read.","neutral"
"Name something just pick a single thing so I can present evidence to you .. quit sealioning","neutral"
"Do you have proof for what you said scientifically and mathematically ?","curiosity"
"What do you hate about yourself? Here are my guesses. I need to know so I can waste your time and also make you self conscious.","caring"
"Oh man, how about when they played We Will Rock You to seemingly coordinate the "ref you suck" cheer. The crowd was awesome last night.","excitement"
"Dang. That IVF story. I feel so badly for that woman oh my god","disappointment"
"There’s this which is terrifying to think about","fear"
"Had a buddy fly from BC to Ontario yesterday with an illegal ounce in a ziploc. No problems.","approval"
"And the players who are older than me are retiring and it looks like I might never play professional baseball.","disappointment"
"Glad that you have the courage to make the call.","neutral"
"The Oscars at least banned applauding years ago","neutral"
"He gives political answers to political questions. He's still interacting with the public unfiltered and I can't imagine any CPC Prime Minister ever doing similar.","neutral"
"Yeah, that would be one value combo he would shove that she is beating.","neutral"
"Some people are lucky! Def ask your daughter.","admiration"
"You need to reevaluate your life","desire"
"What is this from?","curiosity"
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what "ironic" means.","gratitude"
"I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️","gratitude"
"When did they stick to those policies, sure the US isn't innocent, but fuck that? This hypocrisy is unbelievable, it's cringy FFS.","neutral"
"Haha. Fucking banana stand. Didn’t realize people actually used them.","amusement"
"[NAME] hits centre mass more often than a world class sniper. It's a fairly impressive.","neutral"
"trailer fabulous!!! i miss it","sadness"
"More than half the US states have them on the books. AIPAC is one hell of a cancerous institution.","neutral"
"Pretty telling about Pewdiepie’s fan base when you look at the comments and the like/dislike ratio on [NAME] Pewdiepie video.","approval"
"Most people are unfamiliar with them and fooled by the deceptive name. My money is on no.","annoyance"
"Why is it shocking? All professional sports is all about bottom line first-period!","curiosity"
"Now let's just hope session also becomes season.","optimism"
"Wait, this is an actual music video you're describing, and not like... a Family Guy bit?","curiosity"
"Honestly, I love hearing about stories like this - like the multitude of Skyrim and Oblivion mod developers who eventually got hired by studios due to their work.","admiration"
"People need to relax. [NAME] as the 5th starter is fine. Look at his road splits. Limit his starts at home.","neutral"
"Hot take: That fuck up was a million times worse than the [NAME] play.","anger"
"The latter is a good description of the last 16yrs of my marriage (now over, thank the gods). ","amusement"
"Lmao how many of these posts will we get before people realize its satire.","neutral"
"Is there anything more conclusive, recent, and far reaching than a survey in 1988 Arizona?","curiosity"
"I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here","joy"
"I always thought [NAME] wore the most adorable outfits.","admiration"
"Nah, that's ArmedForcesUpdate, always good for a laugh","amusement"
"Yes, listening to loud noises can damage your ears. Temporarily and permanently.","caring"
"Too long, you gotta cut along the top of the cargo pockets.","neutral"
"Tbh the floor is probably more comfortable than the seats. Doesn't make it safe though.","approval"
"Ok dude!","approval"
"Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!","disgust"
"Yeah that's about what I found. Not that specific page but I got into "My Profile" ","excitement"
"And then what would The Bulls do if he says he won't be the head coach anymore? Put an assistant in there?","disappointment"
"If that's a euphemism for "emotional thinking" then I agree with you","caring"
"Putting on head phones with a neutral song","neutral"
"Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.","neutral"
"HOW ELSE ARE WE GOING TO AVOID THE NO-DEAL APOCALYPSE!???","fear"
"Thank you for the context. Everything makes sense now, I'd forgotten how... Certain kinds of people can be","disappointment"
"Wow. Thanks for this.","gratitude"
"Sex is not a basic need for survival","neutral"
"Me and my girlfriend were holding down the harmonies in section 8 YOURE WELCOME EVERYONE 😂😂","approval"
"I'm so excited for this game!! 😄","excitement"
"Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!","approval"
"Bruh this the magic, we shouldn't have to have a big comeback","disapproval"
"I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns","annoyance"
"I want to know them - so I can actually murder them. (With words, that is.)","disapproval"
"I live in the South, lol, and this is really accurate.","approval"
"All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.","annoyance"
"FREE STUFF!","excitement"
"Life must be difficult for her then, I'm surprised she can leave her home. Hopefully she finds help if she wants it. ","optimism"
"I’m not curious why you think it’s relevant to have this information be held more favorably than all the real world analysis.","approval"
"Sorry I kind of took it like you were flexing on my or my opponents skill or something lmao","embarrassment"
"For some people its about not wanting to look cheap.","neutral"
"If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.","caring"
"Can you believe that? I mean that, THAT is what I call posing. Missed a that","curiosity"
"[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe","disappointment"
"Ah, didn’t know that but can’t blame him. Thanks!","gratitude"
"I have, but like I said, I can see women that can’t find love existing, just not in the same numbers as men","neutral"
"Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.","disapproval"
"What a grim statistic for Canada.","admiration"
"Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.","neutral"
"I learned it from [NAME]!","excitement"
"I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.","gratitude"
"You are not yet worthy to possess this knowledge. Watch the film and you may be rewarded.","neutral"
"When he read "don lemon still has a job" as an example of racial stupidity... I fucking fell out of my chair. LMAO. Love it.","amusement"
"I laughed several times","amusement"
"I mean hard to get If you don't have These mental problems, I got some from a friend and they are very useful to stop trips ","neutral"
"So? Sometimes it feels good to be petty, especially when it comes to an ex","admiration"
"Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long","annoyance"
"[NAME] poisoned them both","neutral"
"It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason","disappointment"
"i am the new [NAME] hope she doesn't get hated on when she returns on all stars","optimism"
"we need more [NAME] like [NAME] and [NAME]. So far those are the only 2 who I have seen stick to their principles.","admiration"
"The poor car.","sadness"
"And that smilie she gave the fiancé when he sat down with the sandwich....I would be scared if I was him.","fear"
"Hey there, did you fall from a vending machine cause you looking like a snac ","neutral"
"That awkward moment when you fully embrace misogyny but believe homophobia is wrong.","annoyance"
"Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.","joy"
"How dare you disparage a 3D printed JV riding a goddamn raptor","anger"
"Directly tell me why you felt the need to threaten my life.","annoyance"
"I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.","surprise"
"Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.","approval"
"I wasn’t single and then the girl who I wasn’t single with informed me that I’m now single","neutral"
"Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ","admiration"
"Read decrease at first and thought "Oh boy, reddit is gonna love this one"","embarrassment"
"Makes me want to eat ass","amusement"
"I've found [NAME] are more weirdly religious about their hockey for some reason. Maybe it's confirmation bias.","embarrassment"
"Bay Area, sorry ;D","gratitude"
"Oooo, shiny! (Is the blue one the new one?)","excitement"
"Thankyou! Good luck with your search! An AP is out there for you!","desire"
"The sound ISN'T mixed terribly like in high school kids and a nice taxidermised bear in the USA, a beautiful day!".","admiration"
"Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!","gratitude"
"You sound angry.","anger"
"Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.","caring"
"I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out","optimism"
"I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.","disgust"
"The person who got those wanted to stand back and watch people try and shove it into their mouths. Laughing ensued.","amusement"
"Who needs sciences. It's most fake news they peddle in anyways...","neutral"
"And that is exactly why I never got that shit done, even though it interests me greatly. ","disapproval"
"Bears Beets Baseball","neutral"
"Some graffiti can turn that really bad","disgust"
"I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors","embarrassment"
"Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly. ","sadness"
"[NAME] looked like was in a daze for the last 3 mins of the game","neutral"
"I live in Northern Ontario too, but damn that sounds rough. Where were you from?","curiosity"
"I know how it feels. I’m just too Anxious to sleep.","sadness"
"Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.","gratitude"
"Weird how analgesic is the opposite of what I might’ve guessed it to mean","embarrassment"
"I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.","disapproval"
"Nope don't you know? Warden is god-like cuz that bash","curiosity"
"I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them. ","love"
"I'm not saying your analysis is wrong or not based on evidence, just that the data it generates is not useful. ","neutral"
"You win some, you lose some.","gratitude"
"What logic justifies $33 that would not also justify $5000?","confusion"
"You and [NAME] guy should be friends","approval"
"I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.","anger"
"also big pp","neutral"
"Can you please update me! I'm in the exact position! 24FHL with 21MLL","curiosity"
"Good luck!","optimism"
"Goodbye cruel world.","sadness"
"What do you mean by "free game"? Are you under the assumption that the Executive branch can dictate appropriations?","curiosity"
"Ay dude it's mad litty bro. Pull up hit that fatty ghost man whassu","amusement"
"Many a prick, as I recall. You could track them down but then it'd be pointless. ","neutral"
"u/Mickster19 these are incredible! We gotta have this [NAME].","admiration"
"Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.","disapproval"
"0% But then again most of us on here aren't placing top 8 at majors so that could factor in","disapproval"
"Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.","sadness"
"When [NAME] breaks [NAME] jaw in “The Sound Of Silence” I’m cringing just thinking about it","curiosity"
"I will burn the X down if we lose this game tonight.","annoyance"
"Cool, but what's your point? You gave some context without really saying what you think.","curiosity"
"I literally said I turned my media up all the way, kEeP tRyInG.","neutral"
"I was about to say the same lol.","amusement"
"no matter what he says, this man is not a [NAME].","neutral"
"Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub. ","disgust"
"Mental health issues get such a bad rap as it is. I appreciate this comment a lot.","grief"
"Thanks my boet","gratitude"
"Heart races everytime I get a match. Oddly enough I don't feel that at all playing offline with my friends.","disappointment"
"Or maybe you could just learn the match up since they already gutted him in the last patch.","desire"
"Oh sorry if I seemed dishonest. I hope you can make it through your mourning.","optimism"
"My First thought too! I get really bad stress knots in my neck and shoulders. I just don’t dare to ask every Damn day it hurts","neutral"
"What a goal","neutral"
"I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.","love"
"I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends","love"
"When I die Im gonna ask satan for a job in hell whipping all these cunts","neutral"
"His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.","love"
"Stop thinking about yourself. Go help someone and work hard at being useful. There's no satisfaction or fulfillment in self-obsession. Get over yourself.","caring"
"Most retarded vid I have seen in this sub. Bigger off.","neutral"
"That's what I thought (landlord myself). Even if you rent a room to someone, still that's a bit extreme.","approval"
"Congrats and best wishes. Build on progress.","admiration"
"It’s a metaphor. No one cares how big his anatomy is.","surprise"
"I think he meant shinobi slide","caring"
"Totally agree, but what is Scott's Totts?","curiosity"
"No. I wishm Why did I stop? Kids work and money. Not a minute to myself","curiosity"
"100% dead as in I'm 100% killing her myself if I get the chance.","neutral"
"no, $950 plus enhancements. but with enhancements mine is better than the white Arabian was.","joy"
"I’m sorry. He’s in a better place. I hope you can keep the good memories","caring"
"Yes, thank [NAME] the wisest of [NAME] live outside your country","gratitude"
"I blame [NAME].","anger"
"Seriously Creepy.","fear"
"[NAME]? Nah, that's him in the background. The idiot with the leaves is [NAME]. It's always fucking [NAME].","anger"
"Your wife just proved to your son that her love for him is not unconditional. She sounds ignorant, hateful, and should get therapy or get out.","love"
"Oh, I always thought it was gum that had been "pre-gooed."","neutral"
"Yup ,Russia is such a fine example for the world ,truly an beacon of hope ./s","neutral"
"That sounds intelligent. Wonder why you don’t have a job you have to interview for.","surprise"
"No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.","joy"
"It's givin' off that disco vibe, and if I understand correctly it's okay if it's the [NAME] way.","optimism"
"Nobody claims that 20th century socialism was a utopia. Please remember your own comment before replying.","annoyance"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)","neutral"
"Breaking bad all over again","neutral"
"Very insightful and tragic post, OP. Thank you for sharing and raising awareness as someone who has been through the trenches.","gratitude"
"Oh my god... i JUST realized this!!! AHHHH this makes me SICK.","annoyance"
"Oh, that makes sense, I just mostly think of janitors as employed in the private sector, even in government (independent contracting, etc.)","neutral"
"Makeup can be expensive! Even though she got her makeup done now, she will have to replace those that she lost","approval"
"I live in Mississippi, I don't know what the legality is in my circumstances","approval"
"She might die before then, risky move either way.","neutral"
"He really likes racism","neutral"
"Thank you for saying so! I have loads more where that came from on my soundcloud.","gratitude"
"Come on really. I’m for gay rights.","approval"
"No it’s not! It’s much easier to pull in to the space and leave it there.","relief"
"Unfortunately if they tried to parent they’d never listen or just hate them and run away. Pointless","neutral"
"I don’t even like basketball that much. Chill out man","disapproval"
"Asleep at the switch! I wasn't asleep. I was drunk!","approval"
"Damn, and now this GIF has become bittersweet. I really wanted him to become a revolutionary icon.","annoyance"
"You’re not going to convince anyone else either if you refuse to back up any of your claims.","neutral"
"That’s a... tough decision. That dog better be able to talk.","desire"
"the fucking buffet part killed me, i always considered myself good at roasting but damn bro lmaoo","anger"
"Went on a date with a guy getting paid to do a study that took brain scans while he was tripping on acid","realization"
"Even of it was damaged you would be paying for it Uber insurance has a 1000$ deductible","neutral"
"it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT","disapproval"
"I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.","admiration"
"Rest days or continuous cycle?","neutral"
"He would if he didn't get injured.","neutral"
"Oh I know lol I overdid it w that comparison. The point is singers have shit vocal nights but that doesn’t make them unprofessional. Shit happens.","amusement"
"I’m happy for you two. Cheers!","admiration"
"No questions are ever stupid. Glad you learned to be a nice person.","gratitude"
"I'm convinced alcoholism is rife in Ireland because ourselves and friends are all shite craic sober. Apparently the Heineken fake beers are nice.","approval"
"I can't keep up! This drama is too much 😭🤣","embarrassment"
"I ride our half-orc barbarian by clinging to his back. He hasn't seemed to notice yet.","neutral"
"BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.","desire"
"She has a point. The water from the runoff channel behind my house tastes way worse than the water from my sink.","neutral"
"Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.","amusement"
"Thanks for posting this. I'm going through the exact same but I wasn't gonna post anything about it.","gratitude"
"Hope she can do twice a week, that ought to be persuasive.","neutral"
"Yes! I just wish that the good would be gone. It’d be great if he had his Injustice 2 look","approval"
"*Claims to know Chinese people and Chinese culture* *doesn't even speak the language*","surprise"
"Not sure what people expect from high school dropouts","confusion"
"Agreed to your statement","admiration"
"You’d be surprised what people could find with just a town name and doctor. Just looking out. If you already considered it ignore me.","neutral"
"How to instantly look 20 years younger!","excitement"
"Easy, stop men from fucking them. Cant be a slut if no one fucking ya right?","neutral"
"Everyone knows he's not a spy. He's a pawn. Russia want him to swap for their actual spy, currently talking to [NAME]. ","neutral"
"It WAS a naïve grandma!! 😅","realization"
"It really do be like that","neutral"
"> some blue dog dems will resist Are you kidding me? The Dem establishment won't give her an inch","realization"
"POINTER!!!!!! YOU DA REAL ALL STAR!!!","neutral"
"Who cares? I like fat people's opinions there.","curiosity"
"Better than any HBr, anyway","admiration"
"It makes sense, just don't expect much thanks from the rest of them.","gratitude"
"We should move our business to India. I’d rather see us work with a flawed democracy than an outright police state.","disapproval"
"Tell her, it may have been a huge [NAME] fan and I was even shorter than [NAME].","neutral"
"Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad","optimism"
"My brother looks like [NAME] and I look like [NAME]","neutral"
"What the heck? $3 a month for 30 texts? That's ridiculous.","anger"
"In that case the bottom queens would probably not learn the lyrics","neutral"
"[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.","admiration"
"He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.","disapproval"
"Z-axis...? You mean the spontaneous propulsion system or is it something else?","confusion"
"Yeah, I was thinking my boy was into them before that. But I doubt Panic! At the Disco would have peaked his interest.","confusion"
"thank you so much we do in fact [NAME]","gratitude"
"Wich stinks for you","neutral"
"True. I don't know the survival rates of the women in ancient rome but I can't imagine it was fantastic.","admiration"
"I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol","anger"
"The only thing I find disconcerting about this is that you use tongs to stir the pan.","annoyance"
"No foreplay, no connection, if he doesn't know what he's doing. If he asks for a blow job and then refuses to reciprocate. ","neutral"
"Read: A Billion Wicked Thoughts: What the Internet Tells Us About Sexual Relationships It will reveal all","neutral"
"OMG was he really 5000 favorite?","curiosity"
"5 make the football hall a year as players. It’s a huge event when we get the rare 4 man induction in MLB","neutral"
"> since he was the one to take it away from [NAME] last season [NAME] didn't deserve it last season","disappointment"
"I encourage everyone close to me to inform themselves about my diagnosis if they really care about me.","caring"
"Commentator on my stream saying the the clearing header was from [NAME]. Wasn't that [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Damn, that's low. ","annoyance"
"Looks like Big trouble in Little China","neutral"
"They're definitely just after quick free sex Words mean nothing.. all in the behaviour/actions.","approval"
"You know when I typed "legal tender" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole.","fear"
"Like my Mom and Aunt on the first day of 7th grade. I feel for you dog.","optimism"
"Ikr. Who the hell goes to Greggs for *pizza*?","curiosity"
"Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.","optimism"
"That specific block is probably one of the worst in the city.","anger"
"You can start your life over any time you want. I think the secret is to not let failure keep you from trying again.","approval"
"Is there a subreddit that makes fun of SJWs?","curiosity"
"So, modern day imperialism. ","neutral"
"Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good","caring"
"Me too, I've heard before that I'm too blunt and I feel bad about it at times","approval"
"That's beyond fucking creepy!","disgust"
"Don’t own one and the show is tonight I didn’t realize this dilemma until a few hours ago","realization"
"You sound scared","fear"
"You now have 3 threads about this within the last 10 hours. Pick one and stick with it.","neutral"
">If you can’t recognize bad acting like [NAME] emotional scenes, Oh please. Why are you even on this sub? Lol","annoyance"
"That's an odd context for "cockblocked"","disappointment"
"Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks! ","gratitude"
"Not if it’s above the waist!","neutral"
"I want to go back in time and hug you as a child (after you got the lice treated tho).","caring"
">continually push that as fact I never once did. I responded to the corrected statistic that YOU provided.","neutral"
"When they hire him","neutral"
"I destroyed about 1/2 of them because black snakes are actually a good thing to have around. I just didn't want too many of them.","approval"
"You look better when people can’t see you <3","admiration"
"I read the second tier cast makes very little by comparison. So [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], etc","neutral"
"Silver is deadly to were wolves, witches and certain other beings. Steel burns the shit out of [NAME].","neutral"
"I'm so proud of you!","pride"
"Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.","admiration"
"Clever!!!","neutral"
"Are you invited to get birthday tho?","curiosity"
"That's a lot of calories!","neutral"
"I find this aspect of the law so ridiculous. I suppose pepper spray is lethal to people with respiratory conditions like asthma or certain rare allergies.","amusement"
"Ah, [NAME] and his random crap again...","neutral"
"Insensitive tweets don't help, though.","disapproval"
"At least they can make some good pizza","neutral"
"It's uncanny","neutral"
"[NAME] was my first Jersey as a kid blinked and he was gone","neutral"
"To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.","disgust"
"Yeah I don’t even know when that would’ve come up in basic, but maybe I just went at a bad time lmao.","disappointment"
"Only 7? Wow he's slacking. He must not have very faithful parishioners.","surprise"
"Geez those heroes..","annoyance"
"When is this from? If it’s after [NAME] clothing line and yeezys took off then that was a p dumb question the reporter asked.","confusion"
"I mean idk everyone else I know knows but I just feel this identity is right for me","approval"
"Just stunning my meats","admiration"
"this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones","neutral"
"Yeah that makes a lot of sense and I'm glad you looked passed all the negativity","approval"
"This kid is a future serial killer.","amusement"
"I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.","amusement"
"Are you top or bottom? I need to go under you real quick I'm gonna need you to take him on bar","nervousness"
"If you were better than the players you met every day you would be able to get better stats while playing against them.","approval"
"I wish you luck anyway lmao, and don't think so down of yourself, i believe you'll do great ","desire"
"Man, what a great post Edit: wow! Thanks for the kind, gold stranger!","admiration"
"HHahah. Right? I’m scared","amusement"
"A fringe western movement is taking over Canada?","curiosity"
"I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(","neutral"
"It's like someone painted an abstract nightmare I had once.","excitement"
"Everything [NAME] says about [NAME] could also be applied to himself","approval"
"Not sure which area you visited but the water is still super clear near the cliffs.","approval"
"What...? That’s some real mental gymnastics to justify him assaulting her","annoyance"
"That seems like an issue with you not him","disapproval"
"[NAME] just a beast.","neutral"
"Your username makes me think you would appreciate this joke of mine.","amusement"
"Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute","sadness"
"Not trolling. Anger issues. I'm sorry for previous comments.","remorse"
"Not to mention that the automation is meaningless if the economy that supports it has collapsed due to rampant poverty and unemployment.","neutral"
"[NAME] hasn't proved he still has it. Remember Celtic legend [NAME]?","neutral"
"Gotta love jetpacking.","love"
"I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.","joy"
"I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.","neutral"
"I can’t look at [NAME] with this hair!","neutral"
"That Pixel art yak is so cute tho.","admiration"
"my screen is 10 years old so the graphics are also horrible","disappointment"
">!This really crushed my soul!<","neutral"
"You need a hug buddy?","curiosity"
"I’ve actually been there lol","neutral"
"I don't like it, simply because men never want to be just friends, and I have no interest in dating random dudes who message me.","disapproval"
"Thanks for understanding","gratitude"
"That gives you zero right or say over what someone wears. You are wrong.","disapproval"
"yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt","neutral"
"This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored","joy"
"This isn’t unpopular. Like 1 in 15 people actually think this... go say this shit in another sub","disapproval"
"Probably smashed his oil pan too, I'd give that car 3 miles to live.","neutral"
"What happened to [NAME]? I haven’t followed closely but I was under the impression he wanted to return but the club wanted to move on","curiosity"
"This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.","neutral"
"Don’t you guys want to get off with me?","neutral"
"You’re awesome! :)","amusement"
"And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.","surprise"
"It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.","embarrassment"
"Dude was okay?! Oh thank god, i figured at best paralyzed from the waist down","relief"
"I am so excited to vote for him! [NAME]","excitement"
"It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.","sadness"
"They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.","neutral"
"I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.","approval"
"That isn't in the rule.","disapproval"
"I’m glad I was able to find a recipe that allowed me to use my Christmas Gift cast iron skillet.","admiration"
"So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.","curiosity"
"He made it !!!","neutral"
"Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough","pride"
"Based on the damage","neutral"
"Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.","admiration"
"Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped","annoyance"
"Amen as I dump mine this year!","neutral"
"Same outfit as the cute art school barista that works at my coffee shop","neutral"
"If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.","anger"
"Literally awesome that someone else is doing the same thing! Funny thing is I go for two a year also. Heck yeah fellow dodger friend","admiration"
"Lol naughty dog tattoo. Y’all done fuxked your reputation by letting your artist do this trash.","joy"
"Yeah and if the media finds out that they weren't drug related we will never hear of it again","joy"
"Aww... she'll probably come around eventually, I'm sure she was just jealous of [NAME]... I mean, what woman wouldn't be! lol ","amusement"
"Thanks bro. This is do or die for me. Will value my streak like gold.","gratitude"
"I mean if you hidden the initial hit you can punish anything he does after","approval"
"We're not really meant to be close friends and have sex with someone without feeling anything. You're defying nature by attempting to.","disapproval"
"I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...","disapproval"
"Too bad he went back home to Nepal, it's always great seeing these young spinners getting a go in the BBL.","disappointment"
"you never wanna hear that but sadly people will say they love you when what they really mean is you are convenient.","neutral"
"You think only a -couple- people use fgt hatefully?","neutral"
"I mean hey, added benefit.","neutral"
"Another year filled with Mets disappointments...... LGM! Can't wait for Spring Training!","disappointment"
"Are you saying that's why they went with [NAME]? That's racist","anger"
"Yes, you're supposed to keep it. Like I said, its only when the voice gets out of control that you should start to worry.","approval"
"Good luck on your grad school applications! 💪","caring"
"I think we're passed the point where he'll ever have a full health season again","neutral"
"That's what happens when you're high.","realization"
"Now we’re wishing death on 15 year old kids? Keep setting the bar lower please","anger"
"Can you imagine being taken to court over a flushing loo? I can’t believe the courts are even entertaining this.","surprise"
"you didn't win fast enough and it's already mana 10? guess who deserved that bolt right in his face","neutral"
"I would do that all day until she learned not to put her dirty feet on the dash!!","disgust"
"I think Voit hits 30+ so it’s not impossible.","admiration"
"DEGENERATES LIKE YOU BELONG ON A CROSS","neutral"
"RemindMe!","neutral"
"Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?","annoyance"
"And I never had the idea to keep anything. Too creepy. Maybe our multiple Liberator pillows....","disapproval"
"Lol looking through old posts of .53 being the year of release 😒","annoyance"
"That really is all they have. He’ll just keep asking questions in bad faith to continue getting your attention.","neutral"
"These were one of the worst commentators I have ever been forced to listen to. The jokes were so cringe-worthy.","anger"
"Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better","annoyance"
"Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow","approval"
"Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”","annoyance"
"Death's sweet release.","neutral"
"OK, is there a crossover between herb and spice in your language (Norwegian?) I was confused by 'North American Provence spice'.","confusion"
"Did you know the origin the first time? I don’t find it very funny in the absence of knowing that.","curiosity"
"What's your definition of a repeater?","confusion"
"Not under [NAME]. Under [NAME] desperate greedy extreme partisan coward politics. They purposely brought racism front and center.","neutral"
"I'm fine, how about you?","caring"
"[NAME] came a long way since the nervous wreck he was the first year. or.. two.","caring"
"I do: PUT SOME CLOTHES ON","anger"
"Cool, thanks man","gratitude"
"It makes me super fucking nervous edit: was able to buy temple at +1 fuck it lets ride","anger"
"Sold bridges and essential oils?? Please elaborate on this reference man. I ask because it’s hilarious and I’d love for it to be original","neutral"
"Wow that feels like discrimination against the poor [NAME] kind.","disappointment"
"Thanks! I love watching him every week","gratitude"
"Love it.","love"
"Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.","neutral"
"Because they don’t want to pay for [NAME]","disapproval"
"Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.","annoyance"
"That it just seems worst now because we have phones (instant media)","annoyance"
"Omg I had to crank my tv because I thought it was just low volume","annoyance"
"That was fun","joy"
"this is def an ad to buy doritos, but ill be goddamned if its not a pretty cool recipe","disappointment"
"This should be of interest to you. -","neutral"
"My hope is gone, too. Sounds like we've both tried over, and over, and over again. When do the realisations hit you?","confusion"
"do people actually dislike space cop or is that a meme?","confusion"
"The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment","gratitude"
"that made me feel bad for nw","disappointment"
"Wait one of the posters responding is using makeup from ten years ago.","relief"
"Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.","disapproval"
"And then everyone clapped and the teacher got on his hands and knees, begging to be spared from your superior intellect.","neutral"
"It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.","annoyance"
"This one too!","neutral"
"I'm quite interested as well!","amusement"
"And ALL of you will tune in next week because it’s the best trash TV ever created!","admiration"
"> like a fucking peregrine falcon, her and him beeline straight for her bedroom. Are they falcons or bees? Alphas don't mix metaphors.","annoyance"
"Break up and be firm about. You’ve already admitted to being dishonest. Why lead him on?","annoyance"
"It still has the potential to be permanent if no alternative is found.","neutral"
"Honestly, I just bought a car with a manual. Sink or swim. Or in that case, drive or walk.","gratitude"
"**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**","neutral"
"[NAME] got that vision","neutral"
"That moment is always noted in YouTube video comments!","realization"
"I'm so glad you're annoyed.","joy"
"Found the apologist.","neutral"
"Looks like *[NAME]* was there with her murderous [NAME].","neutral"
"> for solo players Play. Mercenary. Playlist. :)","neutral"
"He is but he's a normie. A 2/10 would be treated like a pariah at a dance class.","neutral"
"This was the only way I got to use Minecraft back when I was in middle. Use it wisely","approval"
"Which one is he playing?","curiosity"
"All this, for *one* kid? How fucking selfish.","annoyance"
"I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.","disgust"
"I see what u did there!","neutral"
"Damn these refs actually fucking hate us.","anger"
"I understand your point. But I’d still rather get some stuff stolen than lose a member of the family.","caring"
"Other than family, I neither remember the last time I got a compliment ","realization"
"So we should put all children in the school at risk?","disgust"
"no thanks","neutral"
"Someone please post "Could [NAME] have the wholesome loveable personality she did if she was on Tinder from ages 18-27?" Since I'm post banned.","realization"
"Mean daddy not taking her out again.","disappointment"
"ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator","love"
"The guy on that wouldn’t let [NAME] touch his own boat","neutral"
"And you believe this?","approval"
"I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)","amusement"
"No he’s played his first season at center then finished as the starter at right tackle for every year after.","realization"
"[NAME] would laugh and hang up if this was the offer","amusement"
"The third period is going to be uncomfortable and I preemptively hate it.","anger"
"LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁","amusement"
"Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!","love"
"So you're proudly ignorant. Cool bruh","annoyance"
"That one little girl with her jersey, nearly jumping out of her own skin to get a high 5 is adorable.","admiration"
"It's not like other teams have been spending tons of money in the last couple weeks. Making small moves doesn't mean we can't make big moves.","disapproval"
">![NAME] get the crossbow before it's too late he can't breath oh [NAME] please hurry im shaking and crying rn!<","neutral"
"watching [NAME] attempt hook shots gives me a panic attack, even when he makes them (which is rare)","neutral"
"Op gets wooooshed","neutral"
"It's an "inconvenient truth" as someone once said. :)","annoyance"
"### Because Shaggy IS such a powerful being","approval"
"Okay, that was actually shocking.","surprise"
"It's creepy but also sad that the guy was bathing in your fountain, hey at least it wasn't your pool. ","fear"
"Indeed yet I still gotta watch my dependency & tolerance. I stay disciplined and just keep moving forward.","approval"
"I mean people at YouTube with the ability to remove the kids channel This post was basically a poor quality rant about incompetence on the end of YouTube not the community","annoyance"
"It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.","disappointment"
"IIRC there is a Simpsons episode where [NAME] has programmed the emergency button on the phone to call the pizza place.","approval"
"Thank you for the specifics! Really helpful. Glad you’ve found such a good mix for you.","admiration"
"Cant wait to start working my placement around that area!","excitement"
"I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.","admiration"
"5 1/2 years until the presidential next election... Let's hope [NAME] can figure something out in that time.","optimism"
"This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them","love"
"oh I get it now. Forget I said anything","neutral"
"I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.","neutral"
"Goodness, that shot of McDonald's is **super** old. It looks like a picture from the 90s/early 2000s.","joy"
"As far as I know, she offered quick snack to all of them, just out of obligation and two of them accepted that.","neutral"
"Tori beats Black Beard, without a doubt. They also give you these weird fingertip-covers to eat the chicken so you don’t feel sticky.","annoyance"
"Dude it's not even 11am yet. Most of the University students and young professionals who comment in this sub are either at work or at school.","neutral"
"Wow. Imagine being this stupid. Life must be so hard for you.","annoyance"
"de grasse has a very noticeable asymmetry too","admiration"
"Seems like cutting out the middleman. They already know they are fat so no need to go to the doctor","realization"
"he's obviously helping","neutral"
"[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!","joy"
"Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?","neutral"
"##**IN THE MIDDLE OF OUR NEIGHBORHOOD**","annoyance"
"She has naturally chubby cheeks that are set on high cheekbones. I've seen it before and it's not abnormal.","admiration"
"Ugghhh... we deserve better than to resign ourselves to the fact that the best 3B we can get or even strive for is the Cubs third stringer.","annoyance"
"Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters","neutral"
"And then thigh high socks in addition?","confusion"
"Which is why he's still in the league as a red zone threat, but the days of 1,300 yards 12 TDs are long gone.","fear"
"I said that weeks ago","realization"
"Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.","disapproval"
"I'm not crying YOU are crying!!","approval"
"I was going to say "too lazy to go down to the basement to do it" but then I realized this isn't the north.","gratitude"
"Yeah i know that feeling, i don't know if they abandoned it, i ordered this on amazon.","disgust"
"Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.","anger"
"Who on earth would label what you had an affair? You were separated. That is not an affair by any stretch.","disapproval"
"Putting on head phones with a neutral song","neutral"
"We don’t improve without discovering our problems. Good on you man- wish you and your boyfriend many happinesses 🙂","optimism"
"it was, but I was highlighting this to show just how much we have moved on from 2008. Actually feel really cool to be part of this.","approval"
"She's a female [NAME] at this point. She gets paid $30k per day for this garbage.","neutral"
"Thank goodness for that!","gratitude"
"I never knew how, but I often get in situation where I find myself with 2 tops on me (and mostly not on dating sites)","realization"
"Is he and his wife still together? I'm late on these things. 😭","curiosity"
"You are. It's the cat. She looked away right when you turned the camera over towards her. She'd deliberately trying to mislead you.","confusion"
"I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!","neutral"
"just keep swimming further off that deep end","neutral"
"Is it though?","neutral"
"[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.","admiration"
"*Noveau riche* effect. American tourists were similarly perceived as 'the rudest' in the mid-century.","neutral"
"A different viewpoint on the Venezuelan crisis from a non-corporate media source.","neutral"
"Hahah I do live in Montreal, and you’re right. [NAME] damn it has been cold this week. ","amusement"
"It kills me how much Oklahoma State and Iowa State are able to beat KU but [NAME] and [NAME] just couldn’t regularly get the job done.","neutral"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Man I love that flair.","love"
"That's great! You got this!","admiration"
"I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️","amusement"
"They killed [NAME] for being a [NAME] right after this. [NAME] was a notorious anti-Semite.","disgust"
"Wow does that really work? I've never heard of anyone doing that before.","approval"
"Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh","confusion"
"That is what we love to hear. :) We hope you enjoy the game and that we see you again soon!","joy"
"i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)","approval"
"Uhhhh, existed... Ever been to Arkansas? It’s boring as fuck.","annoyance"
"I thought it was funny ‍♀️","joy"
"The itching probably happens when your skin vibrates from the brush.","optimism"
"Leave it. You should never date someone with a scheduled time you are going to break up with them.","disapproval"
"Ooooooh I wanna try it now!","curiosity"
"I used to have a pet rat. She was the best pet I ever had.","admiration"
"You first! Make it more interesting than this!","desire"
"His returns or his W2?","neutral"
"Yes its far from remaining, its even more heavily in favour of the EU than that","approval"
"You're an awful human being.","disgust"
"[NAME] is lactose intolerant, so when it comes to milk he likes to drink soythress","neutral"
"Don't be coy were talking about the active ingredients here not the plant itself.","disapproval"
"I AM THE RED ONE THANK YOU","gratitude"
"I love all things supportive of books and spreading their wonderfulness.","admiration"
"Woah woah. Didn’t imply I knew where you were from. Just giving a point of reference for my comment. Relax 😂","disapproval"
"he's gotta make shots and get to the line...2-6 so far, no ft's","desire"
"How do I do this exactly? I am trying to go the less texting the better route but she initiates the contact.","neutral"
"wow that's next level here. I am familiar with people dangerously going over 2+ lanes and the zebras but I have never seen that in DFW.","disapproval"
"Roast you? The fires of Mount Doom already did that for you, you [NAME] looking ass. ","disgust"
"Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game","disgust"
"Play dumb all you want, you know what that has to do with it.","approval"
"O-officer what are you doing with those cuffs? <w<","neutral"
"i don';t know about that, it's probably aliens.","confusion"
"**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.","annoyance"
"This sounds an awful lot like a solicitation. In case it isn't, what you seek may exist but you'd probably have better luck with the lottery.","neutral"
"The Wildling! He is kissed by fire!","neutral"
"Yeah well first god says it’s an abomination. Also if people find out everyone will hate me and my parents will be extremely angry","anger"
"She doesn't hate him much if she just kept letting him get away with his racket.","neutral"
"I mean, they've probably dealt with human vagina blood on a fairly regular basis...","optimism"
"Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough","admiration"
"Had to sober up before I could figure out YouTube, but that was amazing.","admiration"
"I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you","disgust"
"I DO NOT NEGOTIATE WITH TERRORISTS this is what I tell my 3.5 year old on the daily","disapproval"
"Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.","disappointment"
"Because there's such a thing as "too good to be true" and some people are still skeptical of that.","neutral"
"HAHAHAHA!!!!!","amusement"
"I wonder if the paintings he did on Brooklyn 99 were actually his.","curiosity"
"I have failed you [NAME]. I have failed you.","anger"
"He has become that which he swore to destroy!","anger"
"Be free!!","neutral"
"I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy","love"
"Why is this here?","neutral"
"Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. ","gratitude"
"About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.","neutral"
"A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly","desire"
"Sure, sorry for late response.","sadness"
"Congrats for coming out 😁😁","neutral"
"I will lose my shit on you if you eat in my car. I don’t do it so why the fuck do you think you can?","neutral"
"I mean somehow women don't seem to have that problem","optimism"
"I hate when I get extremely bored doing something that was once all consuming.","anger"
"I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!","caring"
"You are absolutely loving this and it is sickening to watch. Catch your fucking self on you spastic child.","annoyance"
"Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well","optimism"
"Stay strong! Get well soon!","caring"
"[NAME] reference.","neutral"
"I cant think of anything funny to say so upvote to give me free karma","disapproval"
"Here Also have no idea but I think I'd prefer their attraction over any other race","confusion"
"I guessed this","neutral"
"It's not exactly hard to keep track.","disapproval"
"I pray this changes.","desire"
"Yeah who knows how many indictments [NAME] is gonna rack up retroactively? It could be hundreds! /s","confusion"
"Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode","love"
"You might be on to something, but did you have a question?","curiosity"
"Very fake news.","annoyance"
"It was more of a joke. I still have hope for [NAME]. Just kind of a tough sell at this point.","amusement"
"I do have a drain beside the water heater, thanks I'll look into getting a drain pan.","relief"
"why is this being downvoted?","confusion"
"A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.","surprise"
"I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.","realization"
"My life!","neutral"
"aint that obvious","neutral"
"Expect the unexpected [NAME] funding secured.","desire"
"Nihilism makes me happy, but I know that’s just my opinion.","joy"
"Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.","anger"
"Great place and they're super sweet. Happy to support them.","admiration"
"I'm happy for you. May you and the boys have many happily ever afters!","caring"
"Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down","love"
"Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems","neutral"
"the knock off names are super cringey but i love looking for them","approval"
"Tiny long whiny mewl. Hangry doesn’t happen for another 6 hours.","neutral"
"Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos.","admiration"
"Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!","neutral"
"Sadly, I’m younger. 15.","sadness"
"Women have a right to their own bodies. Your comments are horribly patronizing. They indicate that women intellectually develop slower than men which is sexist.","approval"
"Golden road is the only place I can think of off the top of my head","neutral"
"at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems","annoyance"
"we live in a wooooshiety","neutral"
"Every government in the world charges these fees. Welcome to the real world.","approval"
"I thought it was a bachelorette party. Re-reading it appears it isn't, which makes her reaction even more immature.","neutral"
"It’s a rough time I hope your Ex wife gets better.","optimism"
"[NAME] 👩👩👩 this Is for real, this makeup 💄 💄💋 makes you glow 🌟✨ no 🚫🚫🚫🚫 filters needed 💯💯💯💯💯","neutral"
"I had a choice between him and obj at 6 overall and I’m glad I went with [NAME]","admiration"
"Lol, no one can say that because you don’t know who the fucking shooter is. What’s going through your head?!","amusement"
"After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear. ","realization"
"Omg is that cesspool where he lives?! Barf! 🤢🤢🤢🤢","curiosity"
"I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.","fear"
"Many people. We just don't always hear about it but I've done some research on that in the past.","approval"
"I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.","annoyance"
"i think people who get up in a dizzy over an add that shames bullying and sexual harassment are probably special snowflakes.","annoyance"
"I'd take the bet of them not winning in the next 5.","disapproval"
"oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors","love"
"It fucking better have draft assets","approval"
"Aw, she came home early to surprise you! She must have missed you a lot.","caring"
"We need some old school evil empire moves, sign [NAME] NOW!","approval"
"I’m not going to be a scared wizard and call him he who must not be named","fear"
"That 2nd goal was all [NAME]. What a move, and against the best team in the league!","admiration"
"If you don’t like the memes you can leave","approval"
"I hope so too, she deserves it.","approval"
"You came to die","neutral"
"Oh, sorry","remorse"
"Yes. Then then dead teammate has to spectate for 20min. This is no where near as bad on PC as console.","neutral"
"Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel. ","admiration"
"You don't have to watch it if you don't want to. Nobody is holding a gun to your head.","neutral"
"It's like they are gatekeeping tiredness. So weird.","neutral"
"Now change the guys face to [NAME] and you are golden.","admiration"
"Have that pic.","neutral"
"I started out by being sick.. and the realization that no one is going to help me... Not even my family not friends.","realization"
"Really? I thought this joke was a bit plane","curiosity"
"And mine?","curiosity"
"that's a lot of karma!","approval"
"If you main Volibear, then you must have Thunderlord Voli and play Thunderstruck by AC/DC every now and then at full volume.","neutral"
"Expected that. Thanks for your valuable feedback.","gratitude"
"It sucks to get resigned to living with trolls. I still want to live to see a world without them.","neutral"
"Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!","caring"
"Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment. ","neutral"
"This feels like a joke [NAME] would tell. Love it","amusement"
"I like [NAME] but he was just non-existent tonight. At least [NAME] played defense.","admiration"
"[NAME] maybe next year,i didn't think she was gonna win but hope she gets in the top 30 by the end","neutral"
"Your “[NAME]” is a train wreck at social media. Only skill he’s shown so far","annoyance"
"3 Hours of [NAME] pissing on the floor in public","annoyance"
"Quick way to get deactivated there buddy.","approval"
"LIGHT THE BEACONS!","neutral"
"I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.","anger"
"Your dog is soooo cute","admiration"
"She also spoke out quite angrily about "Obamacare" until she needed it due to her high risk pregnancy. She's remarkably hypocritical.","anger"
"Any amount of [NAME] is too much [NAME] lol","amusement"
"Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.","neutral"
"I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.","realization"
"This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...","joy"
"Wyrmwood was extremely my shit and I loved every second of it.","admiration"
"Cheers, i was out of date. Things change fast!","annoyance"
"Thank you! I call on Monday to find out when I have court","gratitude"
"Actually we win by realizing other fan bases have insane fans that are way overreacting to a blowout loss too.","realization"
"and how much time did it take?","curiosity"
"I thought the exact same thing. Especially since he kept saying he hadn't done anything wrong. He totally smoked crack with her.","neutral"
"[NAME] fan here, He did trade [NAME], it was for a 2018 4th and 2019 7th.","neutral"
"Of course that's possible but you need to provide some proof.","approval"
"The next [NAME]. Welcome [NAME].","neutral"
"that was a horrible mess with 3k skills","anger"
"The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad","sadness"
"I think in 1.0 it's a lot harder to SDI out of Fox's dair, but I forget why","confusion"
"Thanks man, I appreciate it, I love her but this was way to far, thanks man 💜","admiration"
"Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.","approval"
"Is this also where I brag about the fact that I’m gonna get laid too?","neutral"
"What do you know about art","neutral"
"Yeah I messed up, gonna repost this with better quality in the near future","disappointment"
"My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.","remorse"
"I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.","annoyance"
"What the hell was that","confusion"
"Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are","realization"
"Watch it! He has the diabeetus.","neutral"
"Don't feed into it. He knows exactly what he's doing. It's on purpose.","neutral"
"Also put icecream under the taco for a nice sundae suprise 👍","admiration"
"It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.","disapproval"
""altcoin propaganda scammer", interesting reason for your ban -- I suppose LN could be considered an altcoin.","neutral"
"Time to get new friends. This one clearly doesn’t appreciate you for who you are.","approval"
"I did physics and maths, now in astrophysics. It's fun (except for stars, those suck).","approval"
"I know. Maybe if they realize this, they'll stop using that app.","neutral"
"good guy win","admiration"
"Damn... 😑","annoyance"
"If they are suffering immense pain, I doubt watching Endgame is high on their list of priorities","confusion"
"Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.","anger"
"Man this sub has become so elitist and snooty.","neutral"
"Let’s get some shoes!","excitement"
"You must have watched a lot of two girls and one cup.","neutral"
"This only pushes me closer to the void","realization"
"Typing burns too many calories","neutral"
"> Sure it might make the population 4:1 [RELIGION] but it's still an awefully large mibority The population already is 4:1 [RELIGION].","neutral"
"Most traffic violations are victimless crimes and fining people for them is wrong.","annoyance"
"That would be awesome","admiration"
"When you think milkshakes aren't decadent enough, now we have cakeshakes!","annoyance"
"The caption is kinda stupid, but I like the photo.","admiration"
"Tough times don't last tough people do... Die'n is easy, living isn't, make the best of it","neutral"
"Keep turning a blind eye to the truth. It unnatural.","anger"
"I mean... it's horrible and all, but isn't it also a record high every year..?","curiosity"
"Woah! 4 new maps in a year! That’s so lucky!! Not like we got 10+ maps in 2017 for bf1..","excitement"
"Or, you can just accept that extremists didn't reason their way into extremism and you can't reason them out of it. ","disappointment"
"So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.","annoyance"
"A sorry lot","remorse"
"Dive into that sweet sweet goodness, buddy. View the meetup the woman being lucky to be around you, and it gets much easier.","joy"
"Yes, which is why I hate the term "ranked choice voting".","annoyance"
""UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!" see you in hell ","anger"
"If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.","anger"
"The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid","admiration"
"[NAME] aside","annoyance"
"I didn't even notice there was a mistake","realization"
"How many hours of maintenance do they really need to do every night? I feel like they just want to cut costs and tell us it's impossible.","disapproval"
"You mean your WolfDog Hybrids? Kidding.","confusion"
"The guy next to him's reaction face is classic.","approval"
"Of course he’s doing it to get laughs, because when you dumb something down enough it appeals to more people.","neutral"
"Disgusting!!! Where were the adults? The adults probably felt proud of their sons. Fucken toxic culture","curiosity"
"That guy is just eating downvotes left and right","neutral"
"> How can you hate your brother in arms? They managed a damn fine job of it in Weimar Germany.","neutral"
"Well, its been hours and I was correct. The OPs comment was totally 100% incorrect. Have a great day, thanks for playing. LMAO!","amusement"
"I’m curious about the chain of life events and choices that could land someone at this point in life","curiosity"
"Then just tell him to stop it if you don't like it.","approval"
"No I mean live","disapproval"
"Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.","annoyance"
"Thanks bot!","gratitude"
"Because physical contact promotes bonding. Healthy relationships increase both partner's wellbeing. Routine can be frustrating. Especially when you want to try something new.","disappointment"
"Damn...perspective is good, Haha. Then again [NAME], that's some awesome architecture. Early 1900s?","admiration"
"thats one proud daddy!","admiration"
">[NAME] does need to stfu. Like hell, he does. ","disapproval"
"Girl then DM me if you visit! It’s a great place to live. I moved from NY.","approval"
"Friend: hey, did you watch the Superbowl? Me: I don't really follow golf.","neutral"
"you dare diss mini-me like that huh [NAME] gonna come and shoot you with his "laser beam"","neutral"
"Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food","approval"
"I’m not sure why they thought it was cute, but this is what that alluded ","confusion"
"At least the crazy lady didn't hunt ya down mate!","neutral"
"He's not wrong.","approval"
"He did get 3 stars bro😭","realization"
"Haha yeah actually they don't feel that good but life does involve sacrifice.","neutral"
"Confronting people with footage from slaughter houses is a horrible thing to do in my opinion.","annoyance"
"I agree because the issues run much deeper. In your opinion what would be the best way to deal with it? Regulation?","approval"
"That's a maryland fan comment. You should be ashamed of yourself.","embarrassment"
"I mean yeah but it still sucks. Hopefully you have better luck in the future.","optimism"
"Finally getting the help it needs","neutral"
"If you grow your beard and mustache just long enough, you never know who's hair it is in the your mouth anyway","confusion"
"Let them fight!","approval"
"mavs fans and r/nba as a whole are weak spirited smh i gotta step my trolling up","curiosity"
"If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!","anger"
"Thank you for the thorough reply! I definitely can’t say I’m not lucky for a long time after this.","disappointment"
"My favorite new fan! Glad to see you here! Rest up and get ready for the Friday game.","admiration"
"I think the existence of scholarships and bursaries make schools think that they're doing something (even though it's not enough).","approval"
"Remember the year “Song 2” was number 2? Good times.","admiration"
"Yours is the most interesting and thought provoking comment yet.","neutral"
"I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol","amusement"
"Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore","curiosity"
"It just has to be clean and hygienic. Maybe make sure you got food and wine on deck","desire"
"Can always join the discord and submit a vod, would still work!","neutral"
"to stop any confusion we're talking about this photo","confusion"
"That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /","sadness"
"That's not the first time I've heard it said that a GA acted assholic, not apostolic in real life. ","neutral"
"Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !","annoyance"
"Wow! Congratulations on taking your sex life back! Nice to wake up and see such positivity.","approval"
"That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /","sadness"
"Everyone including an ambassador has freedom of speech. Get an education.","approval"
"Prove me wrong then. Find another poll that supports your narrative. Until that point my source is what we have to go by.","annoyance"
"Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.","amusement"
"When the player is reasonable with his demands and the team is reasonable with their offer, magic stuff can happen.","neutral"
"I still play","neutral"
"but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.","annoyance"
"Gotta preach the truth!","neutral"
"Fock I cant breathe.","neutral"
"Why is this still not banned","anger"
"oh, it's free with prime now, added to watch list.","joy"
"Fish and chips were amazing. Probably the best I've ever had, and as a fush and chups connoisseur I don't say that lightly.","admiration"
"Let’s beat these Lakers!","excitement"
"Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!","love"
"American here. Not laughing. Routine circumcision of male infants is a violation of their bodily autonomy. I wish had my foreskin back.","neutral"
"Glad she's not living in a bubble then....","joy"
"Yea ur probably be super drowsy tho.","neutral"
"Just imagine what they'll come up with in ten years.","neutral"
"Over 38 games against City we aint got a hope, but over 90 minutes.. hmm. Hmmmmmmmm.","neutral"
"Me too :,)","neutral"
"I can do the first bit? I'm also working out lately, so we can do it together!","approval"
"Memorialising is fine but he is just spamming the sub","neutral"
"Well being in the playoff picture for a couple months was fun. What does the draft look like this year?","curiosity"
"Yeah, and I don’t know why, it was totally out of character for me...","neutral"
"Still pissed we didn’t hire [NAME]. He would’ve brought [NAME] 😭","neutral"
"Literally. > i also dont know if i should post that here Because it's wrong? Nah, you're in the right place.","approval"
"Eh, not in Europe, it ain't.","disapproval"
"[NAME]. i love it","love"
"that missed dunk is so symbolic of [NAME] lol","amusement"
"Available 24/7? You could put a ring on it and still not get that kind of service.","neutral"
"If you catch thinning early enough you can stop balding by taking finasteride.","disapproval"
"I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.","amusement"
"That was the moment I fell in love with [NAME]. He was also really good in Frier Fall (Free Fall).","admiration"
"You are alone and touching her...that is a glaring sign!","neutral"
"Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much","love"
"Thank you that’s so sweet! PM me if you want!","gratitude"
"Is your teacher [NAME]?","curiosity"
"You're saying [NAME] sucks at drafting...?","annoyance"
"Trailers? We don't need no stinkin' trailers!","neutral"
"Yeah so I got kicked from a group chat for gnoming people*","disgust"
"That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.","admiration"
"My pleasure. It pays the bills.","gratitude"
"[NAME] thanks. I hope it works but i have a suspicious feeling that she hates me","confusion"
"Subsidies and tax breaks, same as here","neutral"
"I know, it got all in the poor woman’s hair!","disappointment"
"i wouldn’t want to fight me neither","annoyance"
"It's ideological thinking, how boring and repugnant, honestly. ","annoyance"
"It’s a disgusting mix of mayonnaise, ketchup, and pickle relish.","disgust"
"every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback","disappointment"
"I kind of want this win for [NAME] but I still hope we lose out hereafter","optimism"
"Looks like the next level of a horror character","neutral"
"He's 38 he should retire I hope he at least gets traded to a contender","optimism"
"Like my Mom and Aunt on the first day of 7th grade. I feel for you dog.","disapproval"
"I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].","admiration"
"Sorry if I was insulting, I just took your post as some commie type smugly trolling how stupid [NAME] is ","remorse"
"This hits a little too close to home","optimism"
"Anyone else feel like [NAME] came dressed as [NAME]?","curiosity"
"I really don’t want the I told you so moment to ever arrive. 😔","disapproval"
"Nah... that's a slippery slope. Let's just take away their freedom and put them in a place where they can't have anymore kids","neutral"
"That was never going to happen.","neutral"
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying "libertarianism is astrology for men"","love"
"Explain how British farmers taking common aborigine land in Australia to be used as private property 'isn't rooted in colonialism'.","approval"
"I can’t get over the sad , sweet look on the black dogs face on the right😢 “you can do this, I’m here..😢","sadness"
"What an obnoxious, drunk girl. ","surprise"
"1000 years fuck yes! Think of all the technological advancements you could witness!","approval"
"It's the number one reason I refuse to exercise.","disapproval"
"We never knew what friends we had, until we came to Lehningrad","neutral"
"The fuck? That ball was still on the ground tho.","annoyance"
"The weight of all that water is enough to kill someone if they don’t drown.","approval"
"No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards. ","approval"
"I have a religious friend who i agreed with early on that we could make fun of each other's beliefs/lack of. We're still best friends :)","approval"
"Both are weird.","neutral"
"HUGE difference e b/t “seniors housing” and “nursing home.” HUGE DIFFERENCE.","neutral"
"This post is a waste of time and doesn't belong here.","annoyance"
"MEEEEEEEEE. Most people don't get my humour, but every now and then somebody does and we non-stop laugh together. ","amusement"
"He looks fine. So does that 1911. He's just holding his girl's purse while she rummages through stuff. She's right next to him.","neutral"
"The guy who tells people to shut up","neutral"
"My [NAME] this Administration is somewhere between the mafia and the three stooges","confusion"
"It feels like an ironic meme. How is this not ironic?","curiosity"
"No because thats stupid","anger"
"Do kids even know who Papa Smurf is these days?","curiosity"
"Finally some good vibes in this sub, im happy for you man!!","admiration"
"People are still playing bf1?Wow thats nice,I should play some games until more content drops for bf5.","approval"
"This used to be the biggest circle jerk for dayz "guys its alpha!" Oh' how the mighty have fallen.","curiosity"
"Originally just a child murderer.","neutral"
"[NAME] has no touch..That is why [NAME] kept dropping the ball..","neutral"
"When I first saw the title I thought someone was asking for you to become pregnant with their baby","neutral"
"Say it, forget it Write it, regret it.","neutral"
"The montage of a man's career, there's so much said in these photos it is incredible.","admiration"
"Most people who call themselves anarchists are against the free market because they don't understand it.","neutral"
"This sounds an awful lot like khorne......","disgust"
"Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor. ","optimism"
"I'm curious about "STERN? guy" from the Phantom Menace review. I've never seen him in anything since.","curiosity"
"Is that even a debate anymore?","confusion"
"I think you’d the one who’s a stranger to these here parts, *pardner*.","neutral"
"It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.","disapproval"
"The wilderbeast only hit muscles so they patches her up, cleabed the wound and gave her antibiotics","neutral"
"[NAME] has 6 eyes and will thus be the best actor in the movie","neutral"
"[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion","amusement"
"Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho","annoyance"
"He NOPED the fuck out of there at the end","neutral"
"sad knight noises...","neutral"
"He reminds me of [NAME]. Gonna have to put on some muscle tho.","realization"
"Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all. ","disapproval"
"Oh. That is unfortunate","sadness"
"His videos are great.","neutral"
"It’s probably warmer in the freezer than it is outside. Oof","neutral"
"[NAME] Palestine like, IBERVILLE 1995! YOUD THINK THAT WAS AIRSTRIKES ON OUTSIDE","neutral"
"I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!","joy"
"Yea ur right on that but that doesn't really negate my statement on the blitz.","neutral"
"Thanking people isn't manly.","gratitude"
"Omg rattos are the best aren’t they<3","admiration"
"Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets. ","annoyance"
"You deserve this","approval"
"LOVE JAMES TOO","love"
"It just has to be "unequivocal and unconditional". "Good faith" was from the Advocate General opinion, not the Court.","neutral"
"Oh man. I had to do it last year. Hopefully my leaders think more highly of me this year.","optimism"
"Unless wages for food service workers change you better keep tipping.","approval"
"Hang in there sister, your body will one day be your own again :) ","neutral"
"Lol I'm glad","joy"
"Interesting what you said about the crew and better to fly solo than with people who bring you down. I'll remember that.","curiosity"
"Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.","curiosity"
"Aww fuckballs, I thought it was today :( My bad.","disappointment"
"Maybe, idk though. I dont think thats enough to nail him. We need more.","optimism"
"The poor dude.....pray for him.","desire"
"Great quote for a fictional universe in which you can speak with ghosts of the deceased. Sadly doesn’t offer comfort here.","admiration"
"Daddies little nightmare","neutral"
"don’t show the FDA /s","neutral"
"The fact you think they earned their wealth with effort shows you dont comprehend their wealth","approval"
"When I got to grow old yet... They'll either remember how much damage it all is just ridiculously macabre.","neutral"
"This is actually really sweet... 46 g of sugar per tattoo sweet","approval"
"Sounds like you may be demisexual? I know I am. Just wouldn't be able to be casually intimate with someone personally","curiosity"
"This means bisexual","realization"
"I'm surprised [NAME] let her post that.","surprise"
"My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.","neutral"
"Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad","annoyance"
"This is awesome. nice!","admiration"
"I just went to post this but you beat me to it lol","joy"
"What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.","annoyance"
"I have run into a few clients when I was out doing stuff. Sometimes I would run away, unless they were cool.","neutral"
"You were. I gave you away to see Tool in '06.","neutral"
"I think it’s funny, especially those eyes! Lol","amusement"
"This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.","annoyance"
"She missed the part where that's her problem.","realization"
"Beautiful Work! You take doing [NAME] work quite literally:)","admiration"
"What would be the best place to search for teammates then","neutral"
"Doesn't suck nearly as bad as Metropolitan Grill. I'm surprised that place is still open.","disapproval"
"OMG THOSE TINY SHOES! *desire to boop snoot intensifies*","admiration"
"Im bringing it back ;)","neutral"
"Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.","realization"
"Then yeah, not really. I can't think of a specific type of evolutionary pressure that would lead us to developing an ability like that.","confusion"
"I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain","disapproval"
"A sea of red flags. Make this guy your ex, you deserve better. ","admiration"
"Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.","sadness"
"I love Invader Zim.","love"
"My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️","love"
"My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.","optimism"
"Okay, carry on then. Just thought I’d make sure you recognized that there was a difference.","approval"
"there are a lot of heroes who have tricky mechanics, tinker especially for me","neutral"
"Cars- with my dad","neutral"
"Hell yeah my dude. And the best part is, if I had the money, I could get either or both of those right now :)","approval"
"I so remember that scene!!!!!","realization"
"Eat better.","caring"
"Not sure, I'm not good at expressing my feelings, and sometimes I get angry and say things that very hurtful","confusion"
"There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.","anger"
"I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.","disgust"
"That's what mine did with Mortal Kombat back in the day.","neutral"
"Major props to your mom!","pride"
"Oh haha I’m from liberal MA and started having sex younger. I come from a sex positive environment.","joy"
"Ooo that unlit totem is thick....","neutral"
"She's as beautiful and as happy as ever","admiration"
"I like it when incompident workers phone in sick. They can't annoy me then","annoyance"
"some caps fans *really* love jumping to conclusions without any basis whatsoever","neutral"
"If they did, they wouldn't be LURKERS LURKIN'","neutral"
"Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.","approval"
"Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.","sadness"
"[NAME]? Man that laugh when the captain joked that she can read minds. Kinda embarrassing.","curiosity"
"Yeah? I’ll believe it when the Packard plant is a bigger version of the Factory at franklin","realization"
"Kayaking on a hot summer's day with just enough of a breeze to rock you with the waves. I can almost fall asleep out there.","neutral"
"Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.","disapproval"
"weirdly enough drug addicts are still human beings, shocking I know ","neutral"
"Bowling makes me feel better, it's hard to be mad when you're bowling with some pals","relief"
"I honestly couldn’t care less about your opinion at this point","neutral"
"Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.","embarrassment"
"Thank you! I will take that warning under consideration. History is brutal but there's detail and unnecessary detail.","disgust"
"Apparently a 3 year extension for DACA is what's on offer. No pathway to citizenship. That's gonna be a "fuck no" from me, dog. ","realization"
"Udderly hysterical!","sadness"
"Haha, then i am in... :)","amusement"
"Happy to play then? It might hurt...","neutral"
"Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday","amusement"
"He's an angry elf","neutral"
"My bad on the terminology, see my response above for some of my thoughts / concerns related to the presence of 2-chlorophenol","neutral"
"Sure you can, it’s called abortion, we’ve done it literally millions of times","approval"
"Does she hate the men in her family too? O.O","curiosity"
"That’s kind of what makes the “guest” response funny, how did it get there?","confusion"
"“America’s sweetheart”?!? No wonder the rest of the world hates us...","neutral"
"It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.","annoyance"
"It's also surprising that Valve released a dud game. Maybe it's time for Valve to grow up and introduce themselves to the digital communication age?","confusion"
"From my point of view the freefolk are evil","neutral"
"I put Norilsk on my phone so I feel better when Chicago is crazy cold","joy"
"Also op I have my associates on top of my bachelors? Whatchu mean","joy"
"BTW does anyone watch peep show and have noticed how much [NAME] looks like [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Steakspeare in Love","admiration"
"I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!","love"
"I just wanted my knees to stop hurting","desire"
"I will say that her housing bill left a very bad taste in my mouth, and this is coming from someone with a very high opinion of [NAME].","disapproval"
"Nothing. Fuck the environment so people can think they saved a few bucks. People are fucking stupid.","anger"
"Did he just get fat? What caused him to fall off so much? It's amazing how quickly he flamed out.","curiosity"
"No, just illness, as long as it does less harm than good. ","neutral"
"Thanks! Sometimes you need an article in order to shake some sense into someone.","gratitude"
"I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.","surprise"
"YES! Especially when I’m high 😭 spent like over $500 in December alone","remorse"
"I'm sorry you needed to add this. I thought your humour was pretty obvious, but this is reddit....","disapproval"
"Hmmm, can I see that statistic claiming Rowan engineering is that high?","surprise"
"Meant to post in r/Photoshop . There are more people online on r/Advice , though. Thanks for reminding me. Can you help me with my problem?","gratitude"
"It'll be difficult to do but leave him and take the kids with you","neutral"
"[NAME] rarely uploads on YouTube does he have twitch? I love his accent","approval"
"I rate [NAME] highly, so this is good news.","joy"
"Tasso. Heavily spiced.","neutral"
"Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.","optimism"
"You cannot open or keep it. You can send it RTS.","neutral"
"I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console","disapproval"
"Lol if he wouldnt have 3 straight bad games it still would not be even close to LOCK","amusement"
"Do you boo boo. Live your best life","caring"
"Oh haha I’m from liberal MA and started having sex younger. I come from a sex positive environment.","amusement"
"I feel so sorry for [NAME]..","gratitude"
"Ah. My misunderstanding. Yeah get rid of those but that isn't what the removed post was.","approval"
"Step 4. Profit","neutral"
"this is why the right thinks we can’t meme","neutral"
"I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)","gratitude"
"The entire thread makes me wish I WAS gay so that people won't pester me about having kids when I'm older","neutral"
"That’s a lot of chonkers!","surprise"
"You become assertive and take back your share of the power and control over your life. Go get No More Mr. Nice Guy.","neutral"
"We may not have much connection playerwise anymore, but Flames will always be Mr. [NAME] special Western buddies.","joy"
"The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.","pride"
"Your girlfriend looks so Irish! You guys are cute as fuck.","admiration"
"Have to go on a date with them hard to get a date nowadays though","confusion"
"It never came into my mind that I'm being edgy, my friend. I'm not worried.","realization"
"That’s when we realized straights dress like randomized sims","realization"
"Everybody talks about this but I wonder if it increases the chances of prostate cancer. Do you know?","surprise"
"Please enlighten us","curiosity"
"Which episode was this?","curiosity"
"[NAME] alt account is fraudedbytlc.","neutral"
"Wow! Thanks! We’re working on it! Glad you liked it (this is [NAME], the [NAME] one)... appreciate your support!","gratitude"
"It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.","fear"
"It'll be hard to surive on that wage in Vancouver. It's expensive AF here.","sadness"
"I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all","neutral"
"Thank [NAME] for RT Audiences scores! The **REAL** objective quality metric for kinos!","gratitude"
"He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this","caring"
"Eat the stump","neutral"
"Rest can be so damn broken.","sadness"
"A reminder that >![NAME]!< unironically likes the Emoji Movie.","love"
"You’re using the failing of someone else as an excuse to make the same mistake yourself","annoyance"
"You're right!","approval"
"Locked it in chastity","neutral"
"This is his reaction to being crucified:","neutral"
"THAT FEELING WHEN YOU DISCOVER THE GOP CAN'T MEME","neutral"
"Hasn’t hurt me none","disapproval"
"The master will not be pleased.","neutral"
"[NAME] is so cute ^_^, the second bunny image is my favourite. Since you haven't got any requests... I request Himiko.","joy"
"Wow, that sounds like it could be great.","admiration"
"> [NAME] huh she hasn't even cast a vote on anything yet, you can't just apply your preconceived biases onto a person without a voting record","neutral"
"I will kill you all","anger"
"I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale. ","love"
"> don't tax anyone what a stupid idea.","annoyance"
"Except it's the NFL an he can say fuck it an demand more money at anytime and I wouldn't put it past him.","annoyance"
"Our org did him wrong. I'm still a fan of his.","love"
"Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao","amusement"
"I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.","caring"
"I really hope he declares this year. Kid is a beast","optimism"
"What evidence at all shows that [NAME] was an accomplice?","confusion"
"Say what you want, [NAME] is putting on a goddamn show","excitement"
"OH NO NO NO NO","neutral"
"The "[NAME] says it's true" line makes me think he's messing with you.","anger"
"You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!","love"
"You should probably just use the same soap that you use to wash your body. You can boil silicone sex toys to kill bacteria.","neutral"
"Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.","joy"
"I’m sorry than happened to you and your family. Really puts things into perspective.. thank you for the reply !!:)","gratitude"
"I don't even know what this is referring to. East Midlands airport? Please post a link.","confusion"
"I had a breakthrough last night and i wanted to share, I hope this helps.","sadness"
"ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.","neutral"
"Also these people: "millennials are so desensitised to violence that they have no problem shooting up schools" ","neutral"
"This would be a great meme format","admiration"
"That's a lot to keep in your head to maintain a lifestyle.","neutral"
"Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.","approval"
"Tbf it does look like it clears the net","neutral"
"You think her being a [NAME] is the reason for the hatred? Really?","curiosity"
"Stay on your feet Lovejoy","approval"
"Narcissism combined with pure idiocy leads to statements like those.","neutral"
"This is like the timeline from hell.","fear"
"I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully","joy"
"Bitter sweet victory","neutral"
"He’s oppressed! An innocent man is going to be killed!","anger"
"Or maybe just don't have a family and you're financially secured for life.","neutral"
"He came to us from a farm","neutral"
"Oh I forgot some people aren't able to pick it up","neutral"
"Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets. ","amusement"
"Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.","anger"
"Lol nice. I can't say the same yet. What do you do for a living if I may ask?","curiosity"
"I think it's hilarious you guys think this will "help" [NAME] Yeah [NAME] was bad, but [NAME] didn't show very much either","amusement"
"Oh no!","surprise"
"Just be a criminal if that's what they want. People should always be careful what they wish for.","approval"
"Most athletic play [NAME] ever made. Wow","excitement"
"[NAME] is scary","fear"
"This is creepy af","disgust"
"Bet you don't even get £400, you probably only started this thread for some attention ","disapproval"
"Ahhh, that was actually really peaceful and cathartic. ","admiration"
"Damnit, you beat me to it.","annoyance"
"I have a model gun IRL, similar to the ones in Persona You could imagine how fun it was playing through P3","joy"
"I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.","caring"
"As a Ringwraith this offends me. Please build me a snowfort.","neutral"
"Well somebody has to balance the books... the Liberals never even try.","neutral"
"just some freak accident with the medicine he was prescribed. He had a seizure","neutral"
"He doesn't actually run a 4.49. It's a little deceiving because he's pretty sneaky, so I can understand you being confused.","caring"
"I stand corrected. IQ is not worthless. Knowing ones own IQ aids in masturbation.","neutral"
"It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.","optimism"
"“I can’t stop vibrating!” [NAME]: ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)","disapproval"
"He's just a fat guy that thinks he's cool. I don't get the hype but... oh well","confusion"
"It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility","disappointment"
"Triple P Positive Parenting Program is excellent.","admiration"
"Thanks <3","gratitude"
"Too bad it's the wrong kind of blows!!!","disappointment"
"ELLO OL' FRIEND!","neutral"
"The sad result of far too many gamers needing addiction mechanics to continue playing one of the greatest card games of all time.","neutral"
"Yes, amazing price! Everyone I told was completely shocked!","admiration"
"This reminds me of the trolls that would tell people it was a ‘cool science experiment’ to cook up chlorine gas in people’s homes.","admiration"
"I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.","neutral"
"Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?","confusion"
"Is this guy from Bogota?! I saw a very similar fellow in Columbia when I was there last year","neutral"
"Sorry. I am avoiding arguments today. Enjoy the video.","disapproval"
"No clip? Screenshot? Picture at all? Sounds fake as hell","disapproval"
"Have you ever, you know, tried not reading something that pisses you off? Just downvote and move on.","annoyance"
"I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.","surprise"
"maybe they need Congress to pass a bill to make the music softer than the dialogue","neutral"
"WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE","anger"
"It's pretty banging too.","annoyance"
"What this guy said but with a little more cocaine and a drinking problem.","neutral"
"Please remove the initials at the subscribers to /r/feet, but I have sand in the hopes that someone called him out.","neutral"
"This one is by [NAME] !! Good suggestion, relates to me lmao","neutral"
"I do not want to dwell into an unfruitful discussion with a troll.","disapproval"
"[NAME] looks like [NAME] gorgeous","neutral"
"College basketball just big leagued the UFC. We've to wait for it to finish I think.","neutral"
"8 other justices?","confusion"
"If you catch thinning early enough you can stop balding by taking finasteride.","neutral"
"Awesome photo, love the bricks in the background and the color suits you chose. Very nice gents! ","admiration"
"So. Fucking. Tone. Deaf.","annoyance"
"It is bad tho.","disapproval"
"The best one ever, a four year old girl: “You smell old.”😦 You’re not wrong, kiddo...","admiration"
"Just ask if she wants to go out sometime. It doesn’t require this much thought","neutral"
"Girl gets pregnant. Start selling my services to infertile couples. It’s a miracle. Profit.","surprise"
"I’ve missed my sweet prince","disappointment"
"5'11" [NAME]. He's basically 6 foot, so I must be missing something here.","neutral"
"DONT BE TRUE","neutral"
"the knock off names are super cringey but i love looking for them","love"
"I went to the exhibit in Chicago some years ago. It’s absolutely stunning","admiration"
"I thought it was still in theaters.","neutral"
"Well, I never thought it was entirely coincidence that we got bad when [NAME] went to Ireland and got good again when he came back.","neutral"
"Nope this whole thing has been deleted and we’re all banned. We are all now posting from the Shadow Realm.","neutral"
"Uhhhh I did lol","amusement"
"[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life. ","neutral"
"Character and emotions are not the reigning champion one year earlier...","neutral"
"He looks like [NAME]","admiration"
"That's awesome. Hahaha","joy"
"Where ever they found [NAME] and [NAME]. It's like a pool of douche bags with underlaying anger issues. Scary AF","approval"
"Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????","neutral"
"I love [NAME]","joy"
"Now that's brilliant... 30? woah. I'm only 19, hope it doesn't take me that long ","admiration"
"Does [NAME] do it telepathically?","curiosity"
"Being scratched by a cat is not self harming","realization"
"Why him* Having a healthy sex drive isn't a problem.","curiosity"
"Were you looking for a tall person","neutral"
"I've found [NAME] are more weirdly religious about their hockey for some reason. Maybe it's confirmation bias.","neutral"
"Protests that don't disturb the status quo are ignorable.","neutral"
"“Whine” is such an *emotive* term to use. It would be ironic, but you’ve been trolling here the entire time.","disappointment"
"one's a rapist, and the other's a stingy yank a bit of a difference in situations no matter how much we hate [NAME]","disapproval"
"That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.","anger"
"This can be taken horribly out of context","disapproval"
"Frank's Pizza Bombay Pizza Downtown is also pretty good, a bunch of different flavors. Luigi's Pizza Piola Star Pizza Pi Pizza","admiration"
"You should like a troll. Not saying you are.","neutral"
"i have this comic and I love this bit!","excitement"
"I am sorry for offending you " WoW yOu WoNt EvEn LeT mY cHiLd Go ThErE aGaIn" how tf. Whoops didnt mean to reply lol","remorse"
"Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell","approval"
"Gotta love that good old libertarian to fascist pipeline.","neutral"
"Roids are a lot more harmful than makeup.","fear"
"Imagine if the illegals were rushing over the border to vote Republican..that wall would be finished tomorrow.Dems have no morals,amigo..just lust.","neutral"
">Pretty much as soon as he said he was going to work towards income equality he was killed. It wasnt for his civil rights work.","sadness"
"Tried to fight multiple times, cried, fallen over, and refused to eat... Sounds like my toddlers...","sadness"
"I think you two are obligated to go to bed together now.","neutral"
"Tru tru still a little suss, doesn't drake [NAME] [NAME] brown n potentially groomed a model at 16? Dudes dodgy af","approval"
"You’re right, this is absolutely terrible","approval"
"You sound like you're going to be a great PA! Good luck in your new career.","admiration"
"5.5C is the actual temperature in there??","curiosity"
"This game is actually worse than I was anticipating and I knew it was gonna be bad","disgust"
"I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example. ","joy"
"And yet the guy proclaiming he understands it better than the whole world is trying to justify losing LMAO","admiration"
"I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.","neutral"
"lmao i love this!","amusement"
"Just go to Morrisville Walmart .. why do you need a meetup.. :) jokes apart . I am willing to join","approval"
"If you read the comments above I mention my sources.","neutral"
"Damn you two need help","annoyance"
"Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.","disapproval"
"No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).","disapproval"
"You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.","disapproval"
"Hey I’m going to eli today! Unfortunately for a funeral but hello stranger :)","grief"
"What a great word","admiration"
"don't you get it? It's freedom to kill children now...","curiosity"
"Yes! My SO does that, unfortunately the requirements are stricter and I can't :(","approval"
"Lol, believe me you would know. ","amusement"
"She looks like [NAME] as a baby but still as an old man at the same time","neutral"
"They lead a bad defense though. And [NAME] isn’t blameless here, he’s not good against the run.","disapproval"
"they should just stop broadcasting road games","desire"
"You're a bit of a wet wipe aren't you?","curiosity"
"Dummy I'm disagreeing with you","disapproval"
"For some reason, I read the "no tears" part like they want you to stop crying.","disapproval"
"Lol let me do you one better, what FPS games have EVER had built in aim assist with controller on pc?","amusement"
"What you are describing is what I am feeling right now aswell. It's hard to handle the fact but atleast you aren't alone.","approval"
"The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.","admiration"
"Would destroying the business bring them both closer together?","confusion"
"R1/L1, always played like this R2/L2 feels weird and slow","realization"
"I'm 6'4", every [NAME] damn public bathroom wall is too short for my taste.","neutral"
"I have, and now that you mention it, I think that's what triggered my nostalgia. ","joy"
"a lot. It's like I'm witnessing firsthand all of the unpleasant symptoms of being pregnant","nervousness"
"> Egalitarianism I always saw it as a feminist could still be a racist...","neutral"
">It is tailored to your viewing history. That's fairly common knowledge nowadays isn't it? Weird thing for the comic to point out.","disgust"
"I hope you aren’t saying that there is no co-relation between imperialism/colonialism and standards of living in the West, in this case Britain.","optimism"
"A man of fine taste!","approval"
"Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself","joy"
"*Can I Haz Gold?* Don't actually please don't spend your money on crap like that.","caring"
"Who hurt you","neutral"
"are you only looking for someone to share? do you want someone else or are you just doing this so your partner might have someone?","neutral"
"My favorite explosion in all of Star Wars.","love"
"Moving in general sucks, moving a book store must really suck","annoyance"
"So creepy. Made me check my locks.","disgust"
"I don’t see that ending well for [NAME]","neutral"
"The problem is that rent controls and the prevention of urban infrastructure expansion is killing city renters. Which is what most cities do.","disappointment"
"It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.","annoyance"
"Makes me sad I'll never be with a beautiful woman.","disappointment"
"Happy cake day 🎂🎂🎉","gratitude"
"Just a reminder in case anyone forgot that UGA got embarrassed by Texas:","neutral"
"[NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] just style on these scrubs with fucking mecha Tai Chi.","anger"
"I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet","disappointment"
"But then how will I betray it?","nervousness"
"I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.","joy"
"We got fucked","annoyance"
"im sure it's a real slap in the face","approval"
"Downvoting in hopes it will make this news go away","optimism"
"Liquor stores around me used to be closed on Sundays for outdated reason but it never stopped me from going","neutral"
"To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.","disgust"
"He wasn't as mouthy around [NAME]... he seemed slightly intimidated... he needs to take a seat","neutral"
"Life as a chef= late nights with booze and strippers.. wife doesn’t approve of it but hell with her somebody’s got to suck it🤫","neutral"
"Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!","amusement"
"That’s a horrible take.","fear"
"My mistake lol","amusement"
"I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me. ","approval"
"Thank you very much, I must have missed these while I didn't have regular Internet access. Sorry for putting you on the list in error. ","gratitude"
"[NAME] I know right? everybody knows that F4 only has 3 members","annoyance"
"Oh, I felt that despondency at the end there. Poor guy. ","sadness"
"I will make it proper! 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪","desire"
"I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.","desire"
"I wish I hada dog who is as good of a boy as him","desire"
"Absolutely brutal.","approval"
"Wise people don’t equate wise with any political orientation . Wise people know there are bozos screaming on both sides.","neutral"
"180 is not good for checking enzyme deficiency which is what I am referring too.","neutral"
">uploaded sept 20, 2016 >frysuspiciouseyes.jpg","neutral"
"Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.","neutral"
"I don’t think you can be compelled to testify against someone else over a traffic violation, I would just feign ignorance","disapproval"
"They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.","joy"
"thanks! :)","gratitude"
""but did it feel good tho?"","neutral"
"About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.","approval"
"Being scratched by a cat is not self harming","embarrassment"
"Wow, that's quite a depressing article. I agree with points being made, but slow down with the doom and gloom.","approval"
"I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.","sadness"
"So if the 4 wheels are locked I guess","neutral"
"Yeah, thank him for helping support this legislation","gratitude"
"Prime video has office and 4 has community. Shoot me now.","neutral"
"Haha, that's terrifying ","fear"
"[NAME] hits centre mass more often than a world class sniper. It's a fairly impressive.","admiration"
"I can't not pick Savor the Flavor when playing Stitches though. It's just too damn fun.","disappointment"
"It is odd you are singling me out rather than those who identify with those terms and use them endlessly and with insults.","neutral"
"So I've never seen [NAME] before and decided to Google it out of curiosity... Cheers for that","curiosity"
"I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.","neutral"
"Yep! The artist also has one where he's plowing a blue Incineroar and it's one of the best things I've seen.","joy"
"Probably wouldn't hurt to delete this post and pretend it never was posted.","joy"
"My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.","surprise"
"I like to think I do but idk my advice could be awful haha.","amusement"
"I didn’t think I was implying that you weren’t.","disapproval"
"is [NAME] also running as democrat?","curiosity"
"Oh trust me, I thought of that - but I felt as though the phallic shape would cheapen the resemblance to feces ","annoyance"
"Says who?","neutral"
"1. The pullout method is a lousy strategy. 2. You might have an STD 3. You might have other problems Go see your doctor","disgust"
"I’m gonna put my soul glow on now.","neutral"
"Does that caption say [NAME] and [NAME] are planning to move to Austin....? Dear [NAME] PLEASE no we already have [NAME]!","curiosity"
"That’s a great idea! Thank you :)","admiration"
"That’s an interesting take. Thank you for giving me some perspective, never saw it like that. ","curiosity"
"[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]","annoyance"
"> I'm not exactly surprised he was convicted when he didn't bother to defend himself He was able to instruct his lawyers.","confusion"
"*[NAME] loved that*","neutral"
"It' kinda ironic that "Winners" are actually losers (they haven't realised that yet)","realization"
"Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr","neutral"
"Love him! "Thank You God" is one of my favorites of his.","love"
"-30°, then again I'm only 16. Been a while since these temps have come around so it's not pleasant.","disgust"
"aw, thanks! I appreciate that! ","gratitude"
"I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.","neutral"
"Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.","disapproval"
"That’s pretty amazing. You made me smile for sure today man. Cheers on a talent and a great setup.","admiration"
"Damn... METOO","approval"
"It’s a policy debate round, it’s not meant to be taken as true","neutral"
"PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.","approval"
"I would be creeped out.","fear"
"The sub seems to be split. Im more a fan of the former","neutral"
"Even down syndrome is a spectrum of severity. I've met several adults with ds who are more than capable of relationships and employment","disapproval"
"Love your /u/ so much.","love"
"You left out poor shaming","admiration"
"It's just a hug","caring"
"Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?","anger"
"Re-educated her is more like it. I feel so bad for her. Internally she must be a mess. I suspect she will change her stance again.","sadness"
"He's great in Silicon Valley too!","admiration"
"That must hurt","sadness"
"Well everyone is entitled to their opinion but I think you need to be a bit more mature about everyone having different bodies","caring"
"Please enlighten us","approval"
"I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.","excitement"
"Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head","optimism"
"I agree with this statement","approval"
"Not too much, I’m talking to a girl right now that’s 5 years younger than me lol.","neutral"
"I wish mine believed in it. Haha. He was just bouncing on his bed and laughing, then crying. Maybe he’ll get it eventually.","amusement"
"I've found out speaking about our traumas is what heals us. Some people also need to hear our struggles to overcome theirs.","neutral"
"At least they have picked up some good humanist notions along the way.","approval"
"That's a very long way of saying "I'm a moron" ","neutral"
"Wow, I’m going to have to remember this one...","surprise"
"I bet she’s gonna bring it. Hopefully they spend more money on the production of the season versus that Scheißer RuVeal.","neutral"
"Thank [NAME].","gratitude"
"It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.","annoyance"
"We try our hardest.","neutral"
"THAT'S WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU FIND A STRANGER IN THE ALPS","neutral"
"This is a 10/10 on concept alone. I can't wait to see if it's any good.","curiosity"
"Yup, not enough money","sadness"
"She’s cool as hell","approval"
"I haven't done enough orders yet to get anything other than money for dashes.","sadness"
"That’s strange logic that it triggered you.. they will use any retarded attempt to hoover you he probably hoped you would notice and get triggered by it.","optimism"
"It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey","disapproval"
"I am. I do! You're welcome.","gratitude"
"was the same with me for a couple of years before puberty.. i was frequently mistaken for an adult woman..","approval"
"That was your saddest shortest story yet","sadness"
"Teachers today complain, but zero tolerance does prevent the whole bull-whip/beat-to-death scenarios.","neutral"
"I've always encouraged people to check out far-Eastern Oregon... like Boise.","desire"
"I don't like sleeping in the couch :(","annoyance"
"Thank u goalie [NAME]","gratitude"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are mad at [NAME].","annoyance"
"So we're the 2nd richest team.","excitement"
"The way it runs out of the water lmao","neutral"
"I was going to suggest that as well, but I still need this whole "elopement" thing explained to me.","gratitude"
"Yeah she looks like a real [NAME]!","approval"
"Breeding Bull Terriers is cruel. They're genetic monstrosities at this point.","neutral"
"Sometimes I want these guys to make it. Sometimes I want these dumbasses to fail.","neutral"
"Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].","anger"
"Don't get your hopes up; apparently car seats also cause autism:","annoyance"
"I’m confused why the [NAME] tax is negative savings. Otherwise great stuff .","confusion"
"D'oh... 1970! Good lookin out!","neutral"
"What do you think is reasonably sized?","neutral"
"bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man","disgust"
"I get ya. If thinness was something I could buy I'd be flat broke by now","neutral"
"Thank you oh my [NAME] 💖💖💖","gratitude"
"It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying","neutral"
"Done, sorry about missing that before.","remorse"
"OH NO, PARENTS ARE SUPPORTIVE😱😱","disappointment"
"Much thanks!","gratitude"
"That has nothing to do with guys that just started with us this or last season.","nervousness"
"Besides, Canada is extremely choosy about the kind of people they allow in.","caring"
"Ah I didn’t think of that second definition of end. I like it!","approval"
"The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals","annoyance"
"I'm generally a supporter of law enforcement.... But what the actual fuck.","anger"
"Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch","anger"
"I wonder what number he'll wear since he can't wear 20.","curiosity"
"Note to self - Stay out of the water.","neutral"
"I have a feeling this is 99.9% of us.","neutral"
"I don’t understand WHY the [NAME] are so stubborn on this issue. They’re just like the [NAME] on abortion. Damn the facts!","neutral"
"This is absolutely beautiful.","admiration"
"You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it","caring"
"I'm so sorry! I hope you are doing better!","optimism"
"This gives me anxiety and heartburn just looking at it!","curiosity"
"Same thing happened to me but for my dog, stocking up on noodles tomorrow to get through the next month. ","neutral"
"I didn't say it was proof that anything was a scam with no future, perhaps you're projecting.","neutral"
"Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping","amusement"
"AS..... YOU.... WISSHHH!!!.. Inconceivable! My first ever silver. Thank you kind stranger.","annoyance"
"That is not how that all went down. Good story though.","approval"
"I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.","caring"
"I don't think you're "wrong" for doing it, but I think you're frustrating yourself arguing with someone who won't be swayed.","neutral"
"[NAME] alright dude","amusement"
"That’s kind of the point of comment sections.","approval"
"Like what?","neutral"
"Wow. How many beds is 22 wards?","admiration"
"I wish I could be desensitized to my sadness sometimes lol","amusement"
"Oh now that's receipts.","neutral"
"Lmao the UBI is just the powers that be making sure they don't have a revolt on their hands once their program of economic alienation reaches a head.","neutral"
"That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.","annoyance"
"Let's do that now and take [NAME] back.","neutral"
"You’re killin me smalls. Hilarious.","amusement"
"I'm fairly sure alpro have what you're looking for","optimism"
"That’s scary","fear"
"No problem, just wait until March and the site will be out.","neutral"
"[NAME] found the perfect position to not have to defend [NAME] or [NAME]. Amazing instinct to be honest","admiration"
"Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.","desire"
"I believe that the heart does go on","optimism"
"I love me some Cat but someone clearly never read The mists of Avalon","disapproval"
"Listen carefully and watch me wink as I speak. The guy I'm really looking for, *wink*, is Mr. [NAME], *wink wink*.","neutral"
"Oh man, when HQGs gets on a roll it’s so good.","admiration"
"Don't cry for me, Argentina.","grief"
"I would agree. That doesn’t really address the conservative versus alt-right labeling issue though.","approval"
"Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...","disappointment"
"Did you laugh at this meme?","curiosity"
"You can't simply shut a baby up, lol","disapproval"
"Terrible shade of lipstick she's wearing...","disgust"
"I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.","neutral"
"No that's called your sister is the milk man's/s","neutral"
"Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!","gratitude"
"Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)","neutral"
"This is the cutest! Wearing your heart on your sleeve so to speak.","joy"
"Sounds exactly how it is - you don't want a relationship with this girl. It's pretty cut and dry.","disapproval"
"This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.","love"
"There are many tv manufacturers like Twitter, tumblr, 4chan, Instagram and even Reddit itself. Everyone is stealing TVs from each other","realization"
"Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.","disapproval"
"That would have been cool for sure","relief"
"You want me to go searching around for that? I'm good. I'll just assume you're wrong because of the way you type.","neutral"
"I didn't know [NAME] was in a j rock band","surprise"
"Probably because he is in a spiderman suit and is planning on doing something funny.","joy"
"Project Exile worked pretty well, and it specifically targets criminals","gratitude"
"You say weaboo, we say virgin","neutral"
"Man I love reddit.","admiration"
"I would be surprised if [NAME] doesn't let you in. I would write a letter to [NAME] and explain the situation they might make an exception.","surprise"
"Why are you sorry for your grandma? She did what she had to do in order to get what she had paid for.","remorse"
"Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!","gratitude"
"They are wingers. [NAME] is not. That's about I it tbh. Also they are loans and we may not keep them.","neutral"
"Yeah because streaming services don’t pay their artists well enough","sadness"
"can't help but notice his team also gave up 66 points against ... Baker Mayfield","neutral"
"[NAME] just got to slide into Chef Bois DMs","neutral"
"Chiropractic is just a scam anyway, lots of studies shown it has no effect, sorry that happened to you btw. ","embarrassment"
"The artist's rendition of the Jerseys numbers is quite off. Especially [NAME].","neutral"
"I really want [NAME] out of these two, but I’m curious who he would tap as OC.","curiosity"
"I'm elated to hear that 🤗","joy"
"If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.","anger"
"Maybe it's better to start telling the truth and start actually being a father.","realization"
"time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah","amusement"
"Flirt so much that it sinks in, or just ask him "Is this a date?" <--- Also a prelude to flirting.","optimism"
"So what's so funny about what you just said?","annoyance"
"Imagine the baby being retarded","optimism"
"That would be a huge mistake on WWEs part.","disapproval"
"I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!","disapproval"
"this is cute","caring"
"> I don’t think it is intentional though. You have been banned from /r/conspiracy","neutral"
"Your opinion = fact, other opinions = hurt feelings. Gotcha lol","neutral"
"I know right?! My parents are extremely proud & grateful they don't have to help me pay debt.","optimism"
"The glass used in this vintage is extremely exquisite","love"
"*Well well well, if it isn’t [NAME] the platypus. Totally unexpected, and by unexpected in mean TOTALLY EXPECTED!!*","surprise"
"Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.","approval"
"Two natural right backs is fine. Then the pretend one doesn't have to pretend anymore.","neutral"
"Worst in the country by far.","disgust"
"When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?","annoyance"
"Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!","surprise"
"I'm...not going to let him see me cry.","sadness"
"Aye but happy cake day mate.","neutral"
"She does NOT love you. Try to ask yourself why you are accepting this treatment.","caring"
"Idk why you got downvotes. These officers, furry and not so, protect and serve and save so many loves. Have my upvote sir/ miss.","confusion"
"No hate TGR I love you","love"
"Shh that breaks the narrative though.","neutral"
"She just likes to fight, don’t worry about her. She crazy! ","neutral"
"Keep practicing until you get real confident","optimism"
"enjoy it and happy New Year!! I was at the cheesecake factory yesterday with one of my kids.. had a blast","admiration"
"You're so right. I'll remove my arms post haste.","neutral"
"Man, I kinda feel bad for dude, hopefully everything went smoothly past that","disappointment"
"my gawd! This is adorable!","admiration"
"Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.","love"
"Spriefs ( spandex/athletic boxer briefs). Feels like nothing, keeps your junk in place, breathable and is super cool looking.","admiration"
"Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.","sadness"
"I hope that's real lol","optimism"
"Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown. ","surprise"
"Those words you used. I don't want to believe that exists.","annoyance"
"Your attempts to belittle me show only more insecurities on your part.","neutral"
"You have a very justifiable reason to be upset and vent. I am this happened to you.","anger"
"I agree with the concealer part for the cut crease but that's it.","approval"
"RemindMe! April 26, 2019","neutral"
"one of us ... I do that too","neutral"
"I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless. ","approval"
"Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns","neutral"
"I thought he cited heart issues at Florida","curiosity"
"Real lpt always in the comments","neutral"
"He has been horrible in pull up situations but not horrible with catch and shoot this season.","annoyance"
"Four score and seven years ago, we and a jewel......","neutral"
"don't send that message","disapproval"
"I probably should have seen that... I watched it without sound, and just thought the guy was drunk.. ","disapproval"
"If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.","disgust"
"[NAME] got a bad report card from [NAME] as well today.","sadness"
"It's bad that you're smoking weed. For minimal damage to your body, EDIBLES","caring"
"I feel like you need to get out of your current situation for the sake of your own happiness.","desire"
"That’s adorable! I love it!","admiration"
"Do you even watch Steelers football?","curiosity"
"Why? That's not helping us win games.","annoyance"
"Sadly this is how you get shit fixed","sadness"
"ya shes stressed out alot. oh ok. thanks for the advice.","gratitude"
"The OP is definitely [NAME], and I'm not complaining. Love his work ","love"
"This sounds amazing!","excitement"
"Trust me it gets worse from there....i shortened it a lot","disapproval"
"Yes I will no longer post updates thank you.","gratitude"
"As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.","approval"
"Is this [NAME] working in retail?","neutral"
"Also part of the idea is that it’s nothing special. It’s just our flag. You don’t have to order something different.","neutral"
"I've got my sticker peeled off, nasty desperate notes left on the windshield, driver door..","disgust"
"That’s because you’re not an elected official. Learn this one simple trick!","neutral"
"Why would they stop there with like 15 feet of visibility? It clearly isn’t just the truck drivers fault","annoyance"
"Back in my day the only bars you could find were real ones👴","neutral"
"I thought they were talking about the cat.","curiosity"
"I used to love watching that show.","love"
"Oh my [NAME] please no","confusion"
"Out of control by darude. Just get carried away by the sounds man","annoyance"
"Haha, small world, I live/work in the Twin Cities already! 😂","amusement"
"This is gonna get worse before it gets better.","embarrassment"
"[NAME] is just another millionaire taking advantage of dumb people.","annoyance"
"We literally share a parking lot with a bank and I get people asking me for change all. The. Time. I struggle.","disappointment"
"Yet I still feel lonely doing it...","sadness"
"Another racist foul by the Raptors on [NAME]","neutral"
"Haha "like a snake on a toddler". ","amusement"
"This is not r/lostredditors material if we just try to find something stupid on it.","disapproval"
"PS. I love my aunt! She’s one of the reasons I went into “nursins.”","gratitude"
"“You’ll forfeit your lives then” -Winne the Pooh","disapproval"
"He looks like some super imposed [NAME] face (from dumb and dumber) onto a kneecap.","optimism"
"you fucking moron","neutral"
"[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.","admiration"
"Can’t wait to try this out","excitement"
"Honestly wish I could do this, I miss my long hair sometimes :(","disappointment"
">It is all about [NAME] I like how you brought up [NAME] and now your mad because people are calling you out for being wrong.","disappointment"
"Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] this is atrocious... I think I'm in love","confusion"
"Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.","sadness"
"Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.","sadness"
"Or maybe it was because the government can't collect the tax on it","confusion"
"Not sure why this is sitting at -10. Thanks for your concise explanation of both sides.","gratitude"
"Good thing 2000 aud is only worth about two pounds","relief"
"Boys lets go start a donnybrook","neutral"
"He needed to have sex with [NAME] to complete his mission, duh!","anger"
"Yeah it’s not a woooosh. Unless we’re all the wooooshes for thinking there’s not a wooooshable offense. This is wooooshpaganda.","neutral"
"thanks i used to sell cashews nuts and they the people called it the nuthose so i used the name","gratitude"
"Makes sense. So I need 2 USB drives according the the TAILS website.","neutral"
"You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one. ","admiration"
"I usually respond with “my body is a prison” with no explanation and people just ???? and peace out.","neutral"
"But he was so *hurt* when [NAME] acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin.","neutral"
"In all honesty no slip shoes do actually prevent slips like 99% of the time. This guy just seems to be the unlucky minority.","neutral"
"Don't be so damn lazy, just type NEW YEAR'S EVE! I suppose you caled it Y2K also. - I'm so disappointed in you.","disappointment"
"Apparently [NAME] is realizing that it looks bad when he isn't performing governance duties.","realization"
"I know right, im pre everything but sometimes i paint my nails and people will tell me how much they look like a womands hands.","approval"
"That was awesome. Momentum is really something isn't it?","joy"
"Am I not supposed to have what I want, what I need","confusion"
"I have never had an outdoor cat. But I think the accidental death rate is higher than you're giving it credit for.","neutral"
"Not all cases, but usually there an underlying issue with obesity at this level (such as me tal health, self esteem, depression, etc)","neutral"
"I'll keep u updated man. It's only a 7eth withdrawal so hopefully it processes quickly.","optimism"
"I don't think this happened at all tbh","disapproval"
"If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years. ","admiration"
"Nope.cool !🅱️RO","amusement"
"Yeah, he does. Just because he draws different conclusions than you doesn't mean he isn't reading [NAME]. Get out of your little bubble.","neutral"
"Vista tower is going to be such a cool addition to the skyline when the glass is installed!","approval"
"Reminded me of this Bizarro comic.","neutral"
"I hope you’re doing well with RCIA! So sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family, and your daughter ♥️","caring"
"Not shocked by the subs [NAME] is active in...","realization"
"Umm, but I got to a Barber Shop that has more female barbers than men....","neutral"
"You spent thousands of pounds on them? They sound kind of dickish to be honest. Find people who obviously value you for who you are.","caring"
"Yeah that happened to me twice a month for years with an ex. Maybe someday we’ll do it 😅","optimism"
"Yes I do mean it positively and I have used a sous vide and it does come out looking rare","neutral"
"One of [NAME] elections revolved around his supposedly illegitimate child. Congress used to get into physical brawls. This isn’t some sort of untouched level for America.","neutral"
"No, it counts for 50% of the voting. We have to see what the players, coaches, and media vote for.","neutral"
"Thanks globalism!","gratitude"
"...? /u/iBiteYou I think he's finally gone crazy","neutral"
"I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...","neutral"
"I think what's more gross is you taking a picture mid stream....","neutral"
"This is the most accurate representation of BO4 I have seen yet👍👍👍","admiration"
"I reject that [NAME] can't defend. Now his legs being gone, that might "have legs" ","disapproval"
"Hey [NAME], just wanted to say thanks for coming to Minnesota, that’s all :) ","gratitude"
"Sameee, if I got a dollar for every time I’ve gotten that comment I’d be able to end world hunger","neutral"
"That’s a cute doggo! What breed?","admiration"
"He is actually good now. No teddy but he was great last year before he got into shit","admiration"
"My bad, I guess I should've read the whole thing, from opiate yes ","disgust"
"Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.","admiration"
"somebody's sad lol lol","excitement"
"Looks like emotionally and physically beating the shit out of his wife and children was not wasted then.","neutral"
"I saw that same account comment the same thing on the packers post about hiring [NAME] yesterday lol","amusement"
"uuuuugh what keeps the penis spitting","neutral"
"Poor fellows. They're expecting food","caring"
"Yeahhhh I’m going to go to sleep now...","neutral"
"So, can we not customise weapons anymore? These all look like the ugly unique weapons in FC5 I would never use.","neutral"
"> How scummy can you get? ricescummy","annoyance"
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.","approval"
"So you're male then. Ps ur wrong bud","annoyance"
"Forget it [NAME], it's Chirotown. ","neutral"
"YOU HAVE JUST DECAPITATED [NAME]!","neutral"
"Don't date broke/jobless women. I have a job and I always offer to pay the bill or split.","neutral"
"This is the first time I've wanted to see a traffic accident.","neutral"
"they're shite - disgruntled OCSC fan","love"
"thank you in turn! :D","gratitude"
"They live was a great film.","admiration"
"> His face, mate. He thought he was a goner. Properly lol'd at that and reading all [NAME]' bits in his accent","approval"
"she always acts like the older sister who’s copping out of babysitting, it’s ridiculous.","annoyance"
"Hmm.. I means what's the point.. there's not gonna be much difference since both of em aren't doing good.","annoyance"
"Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.","disgust"
"Cool people = Good looking people who had healthy social development.","neutral"
"Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.","sadness"
"Because the sky is orange?","confusion"
"So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.","admiration"
"I've been getting it off from the West Wing since I discovered it after the election.","realization"
"When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.","amusement"
"The timing of the run","neutral"
"All sound advice. I still hate the ult when it kills me by a small hair.","neutral"
"I teach the same students and one of them argued that poverty was a choice. It was an...interesting class discussion.","amusement"
"A video was just released showing this altercation. Within Syria is rarely wrong.","disappointment"
"I miss [NAME].","sadness"
"[NAME] I forgot the [NAME] administration literally invented a mass killing whole cloth to make a political point. So much has happened since then","neutral"
"[NAME] dude... Hasn't anyone ever told you... Never trust a crackhead NEVER! ","approval"
"This is a bit of a political post but I just felt like venting.","disappointment"
"Or don't notify the boss, and keep not singing Happy birthday in restaurants. (Maybe I'm just no fun?)","confusion"
"She looks like an early game killer.","disappointment"
"That sucks. You could start one yourself if you like.","neutral"
"Presidents using these robots will loose all legetimacy. They will become dictators. People should invest in good cameras to document the events and share it everywhere.","disappointment"
"Have you seen Lord's and Ladles on Netflix? It's not a competition, but the scenery and the little facts are super interesting.","excitement"
"He was having a nice stroll through the park then BAM a wedding blindsided him","admiration"
"nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.","annoyance"
"What film is that from, looks familiar. ","neutral"
"This is actually a beautiful picture lol","amusement"
"Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(","sadness"
"^Un [NAME] ~~Gothic~~ Rhetoric","admiration"
"No, this is [NAME]","neutral"
"Because [NAME] had a foot injury that I think he sustained at practice for the second half of the year.","disappointment"
"This cracked me up!","neutral"
"“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.","annoyance"
"Broad city is my favorite. I need a BFF like them","love"
"[NAME] is watching this post in july 12th 2021?","curiosity"
"I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.","joy"
"He's just a fat guy that thinks he's cool. I don't get the hype but... oh well","neutral"
"Imagine the smell of burning those pages","disgust"
"I don’t understand why people give gold to crossposts. You deserve all the upvotes.","admiration"
"That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol","amusement"
"I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out","neutral"
"Dammit, you know I proof read this and I thought it changed correctly but I guess it didn't.","realization"
"Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(","sadness"
"What a good pupper","admiration"
"...not enough headphones for [NAME]? Also, [NAME] looks like a New [NAME].","confusion"
"[NAME] and [NAME] had equally good chances when they were on the same line in the first/second period - they just didn't convert.","neutral"
"One of the more disgusting virtue signals I've seen","disgust"
"Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.","realization"
"She muctb not really be that into you","neutral"
"Love that lane. It's like the best part of Rome.","excitement"
"People who don't rematch when it's 1 to 1.","neutral"
"That "you see" sentence tipped me off too. So strangely written. And very self praising.","confusion"
"okay glad you have bots cause whoops","joy"
"You are amazing! Proud of you!!!!","admiration"
"Awesome! Thanks a lot. Brings back memories","admiration"
"You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.","neutral"
">”The Palestinian [NAME] population is rotten to the core.” Source","neutral"
"I think this guy or gal is the official 2018/2019 Winter Season Dibs Champion","neutral"
"I saw this on here less than 2 days ago. You could at least repost old content that we haven't seen in a while.","annoyance"
"Oh boy this aged poorly","neutral"
"Yeah of the business. That’s how I’d word it idk maybe that’s wrong","neutral"
"I guess when it's a decision they agree with the other Tamaki stuff I've read so far (granted I don't read much anything else.","neutral"
"I THINK ITS TIME TIME TIME YEAAAAA ITS TIME TO BUY A FUTON !!!!!!","neutral"
"If she was in that mode, why would this guy even be in consideration for a Super Bowl date? ","disappointment"
">I keep wondering when I'll "slow down". Hopefully never? Knowledge is worth pursuing for its own sake. Never stop being curious. ","curiosity"
"He was only thrown in there so we could have [NAME] get heroically saved by him and so we would hate [NAME]","neutral"
"His laptop lol","neutral"
"She’s cool as hell","neutral"
"I'm sorry to hear this. I hope you can find something to make you feel happy in the new year.","optimism"
"That ending made me so fucking happy. Fuck that guy. Congrats to you.","amusement"
"The SJW community. I hate it too cause they are the ancestors of the Civil Rights Movement who where absolutely awesome","disgust"
"There's doing stupid things when you're young. Then there's doing horribly stupid things when you're in your mid-30s and you're already active in Politics","disgust"
"[NAME] shot has been quite frankly terrible tonight, wayy too strong on most of his looks","fear"
"Liberal Grandma best Grandma.","admiration"
"Yeah, I don’t get paid 30 million a year to get my a** kicked.","anger"
"I have 100% went to Wendy’s more after realizing I’m attracted to their mascot thanks to sassy twitter memes.","gratitude"
"No they are not.","neutral"
"Was going to say, that’s common practice for most women’s health appointments to help deal with relationship abuse.","neutral"
"This guy doesn’t like fox hunting because “toffs” do it. As with all policies of the left, it’s grounded in jealousy. ","disapproval"
"Maybe hes changed i did when she left?","curiosity"
"That was awesome. the gross spin by [NAME] and the one legged glider by [NAME]. beautiful","admiration"
"I like how people get upset when someone talks about how they like this game. DayZ may be the most triggering game of all time!","relief"
"Right. I am more focused on the length of the relationship vs their age.","approval"
"Terribly sad story. I loved it.","love"
"That sounds like a hot date. ;) I've never been, but friends say just order the cheapest food and enjoy the ambiance.","joy"
"And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy","love"
"if you hate pedos then check out","neutral"
"Holy shit that’s nothing","annoyance"
"Wow. Yes. But here I am. On my phone. Responding.","amusement"
"I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.","disapproval"
"They are dangerous AF. I had a student faceplant and break her face, and my daughter's friend hit his head and is in a coma.","fear"
"I can easily relate to that as well. The siblings are the ones who will stick with us for the whole journey to the very end.","joy"
"They should all be virgins until they're old enough to consent. Obviously this applies to both genders just like drinking laws.","neutral"
"It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!","approval"
"These are the signs I'm getting old... Wtf is a weed cartridge??","curiosity"
"Not sure, but if so that is unfortunate. I really liked their cheese bomb deep dish. =[","love"
"Probably left the crusts on ! Borderline abuse right there !","neutral"
"come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!","joy"
"This is painfully fake","disapproval"
"How the hell do you get downvoted for a submission statement on /r/TrueReddit. Title or not it is still required.","annoyance"
"Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.","admiration"
"Really? There's a stick right behind him!","neutral"
"Just invite him in on opening day and close the door, seal it up for 2000 years and that will be the end of the matter.","neutral"
"Ik these are great!","admiration"
"You just found out your dog has a girl and a kid. How does it feel Grandpa?","neutral"
"That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.","annoyance"
"I saw the video. It was more awkward than anything.","embarrassment"
"Yeah Eagles definitely had the upper hand in the negotiation but there’s no way we were gonna waste a season with [NAME] at QB.","approval"
"Cannot disagree with this one","approval"
"Ah ok, that I did not know, I guess my point is they should just listen better to the players.","confusion"
"Yes!! THANK YOU. I’m happy the point of this story was not lost among all.","gratitude"
"They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +","anger"
"> "I have full confidence in [NAME]..." *Now* you are being diplomatic.","neutral"
"[NAME], “How dare you show concern for the wounded!” Made me chuckle.","excitement"
"I've never seen anyone in a political discussion admit to being Russian though. [NAME] has made no secret that she is Canadian.","neutral"
"So there’s a statue commemorating unsolicited fingers in anuses on football fields?","neutral"
"I swear the low budget is what made it even better! The gnome stick is quite possibley my favorite movie prop ever","approval"
"That thread is rage-inducing","anger"
"I see now, but at that time i just woke up and this was the first thread i saw hah","neutral"
">Default mods you people keep saying those words like they mean something.","neutral"
"[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.","surprise"
"You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?","amusement"
"I have died so I know something you don’t.","neutral"
"Why not touch them? then don't shove people out of lifts. that's hardly civil. just WAIT and let people get off.","annoyance"
"Thanks for the info, give credit to the artist","gratitude"
"hahahahahahahahaha that post history oh [NAME] mods please dont delete this its too good","amusement"
"Oooh. Look! Big man over here!","curiosity"
"Deluxe always need ingest people, there's also fairly regular openings for media operators.","neutral"
"bet you could still eat them","approval"
"I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all","disappointment"
"Vancouver is such a beautiful city! I visited it for a half a day and really want to go back.","desire"
"Scary stuff.","fear"
"You specifically believe that if a mortal sin is not confessed a person is damned.","neutral"
"No. Maybe if he kills [NAME]. Still a long shot","disappointment"
"I thought the term gated community was figurative, not literal.","confusion"
"helpful quad helped him to his feet!","caring"
"So basically nowhere near the consensus required for a united Ireland. If a no-deal Brexit happens we can see.","neutral"
"You should be much, much more worried about a rise in fascism than pedophilia. Thinking that pedophilia will be normal is just plain paranoid.","disapproval"
"It was indeed , but holy shit is that cheap and [NAME] :3","annoyance"
"I hope he doesn't","disappointment"
"Code Vein looked interesting, though with all the delays and the fact that they've gone quiet, it's gotten me a bit concerned.","sadness"
"Smooth or chunky?","neutral"
"Live about 2 mins from there. Love the view of Waramaug from Tanner Hill.","admiration"
"This just isn't true. It was before [NAME] prime.","disapproval"
"But is that a good thing though 🤔🤔","neutral"
"I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!","neutral"
"On BBC Parliament: "Brussels will be watching this as well." Will they? Do they have a TV Licence?!","neutral"
"I thought it was gen 2 that was affected by the dead batteries due to the internal clock?","realization"
"Give em [NAME] ball for [NAME] /s","neutral"
"a mad men fan? nice. unfortunately i dont have any idea where to get this at.","confusion"
"I wanna say they beat the Rams twice that year.","desire"
"I'm not asthmatic and am not close to anyone who is, so I'm pretty ignorant on the matter. What all does managing asthma entail?","neutral"
"The coolest of beans my friend","approval"
"Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again","gratitude"
"Thanks grandpa, it’s always good to see you around the holidays. That joke is hilarious every time!","gratitude"
"They’re my favorite couple that’s ever been on this show","optimism"
"This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad","joy"
"wondering what the hookup scene is like in the north woods of Wisconsin?","curiosity"
"This is creepy.","approval"
"What church do you work at","neutral"
"Never get out of the boat.","neutral"
"I'm the first one, so that's wrong. Party affiliation =/= political leaning","neutral"
"Oh I quit flying with them last year. Good times though","neutral"
"learn to say no more. After a few times you have something you like destroyed it gets easier.","approval"
"That was a hell of a tip, that happens","anger"
"That's unreal. Be homeless, drag a giant bag of leaking cans on board, piss yourself and nobody bats an eye. ","neutral"
"Oh yeah that","approval"
"Not offended just dont care to debate over game development or how long it takes 🤷🏽‍♂️ lol you win sir","amusement"
"I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.","desire"
"You have a nice bro.","admiration"
"This blows. But I think [NAME] can do it alone if he gets a home health care assistant.","approval"
"Hell yeah buddy things are looking up.","annoyance"
"Please! She’s my #1 choice. The rare mix of super likeable and hypercompetent. Like [NAME] mixed with [NAME].","neutral"
"Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol","surprise"
"Because they fear for their lives...","neutral"
"Pleasure!:)","excitement"
"Woah up until this comment I thought the same","realization"
"Yeah I did think that was the case, thank you! So excited to see my new Capstan!","approval"
"I spent like 6 hours overnight browsing the top posts here when I decided to check it out I hate how much I can relate","curiosity"
"Show down there heretic. You obviously meant to say: Unquestionable truth, any diversion from what seems to be true only comes from our own limitations. /s","annoyance"
"I dont get it, are the councillors in Ottawa known for being boorish, uneducated and unilingual?","neutral"
"*Noveau riche* effect. American tourists were similarly perceived as 'the rudest' in the mid-century.","realization"
"He's just a money grabbing midget","disapproval"
"This is me yesterday, oh and today. ","neutral"
"I’m conflicting I want to upvote but really feel like it should be downvoted","remorse"
"Add a _little_ sugar to the water when you feed downed bees. Acts like artificial nectar and gives them enough energy to get going again.","neutral"
"He looks like a genuinely nice guy. He doesn’t look fat and greasy","admiration"
"ITS MAM!","neutral"
"someone should people have been commenting on the old tweet the past little while, as it got resurfaced","neutral"
"Eh, its up to you.. but Im not buying your girlscout cookies just because some of the troop drowned.","grief"
"i read your first sentence laughed and stopped reading easily verified basic historical facts are not conjecture genius","amusement"
"What happens if you do this with bleed applied?","neutral"
"You're glad Australia was playing politics at a time like this? That's not a vote of confidence in the [NAME].","curiosity"
"Damn vampires taking all the damn jobs in this country","surprise"
"Good read man, sounds like a crazy time, its the worst vomiting red in front of ramdom people lmfao 😂","excitement"
"Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal","annoyance"
"I concur.","approval"
"One of those is not like the others.","neutral"
"I'm sorry but "Amish heifer" took me OUT. ","remorse"
"Oh haha I didn't see that!","amusement"
"Clearly not Cubs fans.","disapproval"
"Lmao, you tagged yourself in your own shitpost. Like this sub doesn’t call out general reposti’s or something. ","neutral"
"/lookz at self in the","neutral"
"good luck!!","optimism"
"I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.","caring"
"Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past","love"
"I’m seeing nothing the same besides the head pose and the hair. Can’t even see her eye look because of those gigantic lashes","surprise"
"Omg why does this sound like [NAME]?","confusion"
"You dropped this.","neutral"
"If you’ve ever been to Hawick you’ll see why: there’s nothing else to do there but roll around in mud","disapproval"
"Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day","annoyance"
"but the dayman doesn't have the nightman's sexy hands.","desire"
"Can we all pitch in and buy this place instead of the Baltimore House?","neutral"
"But ... aren’t you so super sensitive at that point that you ... um ... burst?","neutral"
"Its not that they don’t know how, it is that they just don’t care. “Someone else will get it”","annoyance"
"I am eternally grateful that youtube did not exist while I was doing all my weird shit growing grow.","gratitude"
"Best of luck with your new religion.","optimism"
"I will go back to actually read the piece in its entirely but wow. Her gray is so pretty. I’m jealous","realization"
"^(how dare she not like cats)","annoyance"
"its north park","neutral"
"You dodged a bullet. She sounds like she's easily manipulated and they're nightmare in laws. Bad combo","annoyance"
"We do? Strong disagree.","disapproval"
"He gets paid to hate them... what's hard to understand?","disapproval"
"As someone who just drunkenly told his boss what everyone else said about him behind his back, I can agree. ","approval"
"Here's a way to help. Have sex with a user","amusement"
"How do you walk about eating pasta?!","curiosity"
"Where about sis this it’s gorgeous. I’d love to have a piece of property with a creek. That’s my dream.","admiration"
"I wanna die!","excitement"
"It took me 14 years to secure my AA 🐢","realization"
"Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.","annoyance"
"Yep, whole different story if mom finds her favorite vibrator buzzing on the floor still.","nervousness"
"Wow [NAME] retained NO combat skills from the time he was [NAME] to help him fight Cicada at that bar","admiration"
"Dude got his helmet off and was on his feet quicker than the camera guy could catch his reaction, adrenaline and shock are a hell of a drug..","disgust"
"Huh. Didnt know the HD edition had online multiplayer.","confusion"
"[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho","admiration"
"i've never been baby crazy but goddamn if i'm not always craving an adorable puppy in my arms 😭😭","amusement"
"But should I? And who would I report that too? since none of us 3 are in the same country","neutral"
"So true.","neutral"
"Thanks GM & Ford!","gratitude"
"ok that's kind of cool....","gratitude"
"I chopped it up a little for you. I hope that helps. I'm not sure I can make that much more concise.","confusion"
"Have vid to reaction ?","neutral"
"[NAME] throwing the ball to Spain","neutral"
"So sorry that was his response. I hope you're able to get free soon so that you can begin to heal and move on.","optimism"
"Don't "neg" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities. ","anger"
"Maybe write your own music and it won’t get taken down.","disapproval"
"Lol it’s one of those right wingers pretending to be a leftist to sow division. They’re pretty bad at it.","amusement"
"Thanks for sharing.","gratitude"
"I don't know why this image bothers me so much","confusion"
"Enjoy your gold!","joy"
"But then how will I betray it?","confusion"
"Wait, Mario Odyssey? I love that game, but isn't it a little old to be in the top 10?","confusion"
"Worse than selling your soule","annoyance"
"I’m glad","joy"
"Not dislexia, the recent news about kashoggi has for the most part conditioned us to expect horrifying g news where Saudi nationals in foreign countries are concerned","fear"
"This fucken essay","neutral"
"Yup, cats can you think it could get the correct call. The US and holy shit how do you know there are too brittle.","anger"
"Thanks. I appreciate your advice. It is what I was looking for. Thanks again.","admiration"
"Lol, no.","amusement"
"Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him","joy"
"Lived in a suburb of San Antonio, never experienced anything close to "prejudice/racism/difficulties."","neutral"
"She got the death penalty...? fck me.","anger"
"Maybe this isn’t too bad after all","confusion"
"“For the holidays” you’ve been in America ages Im guessin..","neutral"
"Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.","approval"
"Mate, you’re a [NAME]. If it wasn’t for us you wouldn’t even exist. ","optimism"
"Both me and my bf pee in the shower together hahahaha","amusement"
"That is utterly horrifying. I'm so sorry that your kindergarten teacher was such a heartless old bat.","fear"
"Yeah it’d be cool to pair a Young [NAME] with [NAME]","approval"
"Who hurt you?","sadness"
"It's crazy I don't get where their finding them","approval"
"...I mean, that part isn't necessarily wrong. It's Iowa...","approval"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** gum_sticks! ^(hug)","realization"
"I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet","realization"
"Oh my [NAME] I almost forgot about the hot dr pepper in a glass glass made of glass","surprise"
"Name calling and personal attacks are completely unacceptable on this sub. Consider this a warning.","approval"
"Lots of us in Texas. Dallas is a nice mix of moderate conservatives, libertarians, and moderate liberals. I like it here.","admiration"
"It really do","optimism"
"Not sure what the point is, apart from illustrating the similarity of ordinary people throughout the world. The interviewee is a fairly normal ignorant bigot.","neutral"
"So basically what we have is a horribly exploitative business model meant to prey on drivers by tricking them into accepting unprofitable rides.","annoyance"
"I threw my only book away so I could go catch Pokemon creatures","disgust"
"This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.","anger"
"Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.","neutral"
"I'm ordained. When's the wedding? 🙋 This is a terrible idea. I don't know what I'm doing.","annoyance"
"Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.","disappointment"
"Did your finger go completely sloppy? Thats grossly awesome.","admiration"
"Stop being disgusting. I dont know if you know this but all dogs are naked.","annoyance"
"[NAME], I believe you buddy. you might be a weird dude... but no one is weird enough to make up a story that bizarre yet banal.","annoyance"
"I find this sooooo strange","neutral"
"I have this in my waiting list, I can't wait to see it. ","excitement"
"He’s a grumpy boyo","disgust"
"Omg i love you hahahahgaha","amusement"
"I love them","love"
"I think it’s because of his “Don’t Go In There After Me” Dundie award winning bathroom trips.","approval"
"I think Judge came in a little too late so he’ll need to be amazing for the next 8 years","neutral"
"[NAME] has some great videos on the guy. He's definitely a piece of work.","admiration"
"I am sorry but what is a wholesome meme","sadness"
"I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.","sadness"
"Lmao I remember watching that game😭","amusement"
"I really miss AG","sadness"
"I'm baffled","confusion"
"leg-lock speaks to me in the most animalistic level","embarrassment"
"He was forced into this marriage","disapproval"
"Because in some cases parents are basically having their own children kidnapped and held against their will and forced into these programs. This is child abuse.","anger"
"This is so aesthetically pleasing. Wow. And yum!","excitement"
"I don't get it haha man it sucks not knowing what a wall phone is haha","annoyance"
"Wrong person? Nothing I said could or should be construed in that way.","neutral"
"Because they’re going to have trouble crossing the *language barrier*.","neutral"
"Nice. I'll look around for it. Thanks!","admiration"
"Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.","annoyance"
"Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)","caring"
"No lights are a problem for the people in front of you. Not the offender.","neutral"
"Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.","amusement"
"glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite","joy"
"He’s a way worse version of [NAME]. I don’t think anyone is putting him in their top 15 besides Bears fans.","confusion"
"Welp, my bad. Searched for "new year" and didn't see this so posted.","neutral"
">*fellow* 18-year-olds Hmm.","neutral"
"I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬","disapproval"
"Read this in the voice of that baclground janitor guy who [NAME] loves from rick and morty.","neutral"
"Tonight's attempt at installing gib on ceiling ended with me in tears, damaged gib and still 2/3 of the ceiling left to go. FML.","neutral"
"Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.","joy"
"Yes! [NAME] was heavily involved in a murder. Why does everyone forget this? Now he’s all over tv and a darling.","neutral"
"Changed it thanks","neutral"
"I mean, me neither! Who would have thought?! We saved a girl's life. Cheers!","amusement"
"Still, anytime I want to have sex with a man, it would qualify as a sin. ","neutral"
"I do enjoy how insignificant the belltower looks in its surroundings nowadays. Still a waste of money. Thanks [NAME] of "Wes-tern Australia".","gratitude"
"FUCK NO NOT FUCKING AGAIN","neutral"
"No, you are saying that.","neutral"
"Clean your room, bucko!","annoyance"
"Dude the kaaba was detroyed three times that's nothing","neutral"
"Putting any human on the same level as [NAME] is sacrilegious and you should be ashamed for spreading such blasphemy.","anger"
"I mean you got 1.8k upvotes off it so far","surprise"
"omgad that monster!","disapproval"
"Yeah it’s not a fatal error, hopefully [NAME] and [NAME] can stay healthy next year and hit that milestone or at least flirt close to it. ","optimism"
"ya lol i’m not here to depress myself more than i already am","amusement"
"Yes - thanks for this. Have just finally contacted a counsellor after talking about it for years.","gratitude"
"How long were you broken up and how long together?","neutral"
"and there goes any hope.","neutral"
"Well, I never thought it was entirely coincidence that we got bad when [NAME] went to Ireland and got good again when he came back.","neutral"
"The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland","realization"
"I hate people","disapproval"
"[NAME]. is getting REALLY good!","admiration"
"My wife is going to hate me for laughing my ass of when I tell her this later. Worth it!","amusement"
"I've always found it weird how popular Nandos is in Britain.","annoyance"
"Not any meaningful amount as far as I can tell. Although I’d love to be surprised","approval"
"I wasn’t a fan of theirs on the show, but I am very happy for them both and wish them the best of luck in life ","caring"
"Whether it was an actual bite or not, Subban is getting on my nerves this game","neutral"
"[NAME] didn't do all that much with [NAME] and [NAME] and a much better supporting cast either.","neutral"
"Youtube is my Wikipedia. Videos about any interest. But I read Wikipedia sometimes too when I want to know the details.","neutral"
"When and where did you go to basic, I never once even saw dessert in the dfac when I went thru","disapproval"
"So he's a twitch streamer who plays fortnite, thats cool. But How does he end up being the DJ at a concert? Lmao","confusion"
"There was a deleted scene where she flirts with a woman. Which is waaaaay too much representation already!","neutral"
"Funny they decided to show a bunch of T2 images demonstrating the chronic microvascular ischemic disease and omitted the diffusion which had the more interesting findings pertinent to TGA.","amusement"
"Too bad it's the wrong kind of blows!!!","sadness"
"Damn. Really?","curiosity"
"Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.","approval"
"So they're just not going to change it like they did in the Louisville game? That's cool..","neutral"
"She thought the fuel pump was cold and decided to try warming it up. You know, to prevent the gasoline from freezing and causing blockage.","neutral"
"[NAME] and and [NAME] still look the same ahhh","realization"
"I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.","sadness"
"Sounds good.","excitement"
"Very wholesome!","admiration"
"Would you rather I hadn't posted this article? Don't want to talk about it?","confusion"
"Ph and Tesla doesn't do advertising. So any mention like this is fun to see","amusement"
"i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.","neutral"
"I can't wait for this capslock variation thing to die out.","annoyance"
"Train with water. Resisting the urge to gulp which closes your throat is the key.","neutral"
"It’s probably down to low player base.","nervousness"
"AHHH THE LIT UP EYES Amazing.","admiration"
"Or finishing in 91 minutes and sitting there for another half hour, bursting for a piss","neutral"
"we're getting our top men right on that.","neutral"
"This is what I'm currently dealing with and I'm glad I read this. Nice reminder thank you lol.","admiration"
"That’s so cute I wish I was that talented at drawing haha. I love art like that it’s adorable","admiration"
"Split blankets are a lifesaver. No more grumbling because someone stole my bit of blanket and is cuddling it...","realization"
"I think they think that they have created the best cod ever and everyone who doesn't think that is wrong","neutral"
"This is disgusting.... please make more.","annoyance"
"THAT’S how we’re getting to Tahiti","neutral"
"No. I did it for years though. It sucks, trying to be better about it. ","neutral"
"It’s interesting, especially if you do it every single day, but I’m here for it.","admiration"
"Hi [NAME]. Glad you are joining us and am looking forward to watching your episode. Did you do sleeve or rny? I am having rny in 2 weeks!","curiosity"
""Stay in your lane, bro."","annoyance"
"Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha","excitement"
"Thank you that’s very insightful.","gratitude"
"Oh. Well then.","neutral"
"??? Like a duck on a June bug?","curiosity"
"bold stance from [NAME] here","neutral"
"ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.","annoyance"
"[NAME] as if he wouldn't just cut the bullet in half","amusement"
"It’s true. Icebergs can’t melt steel beams.","approval"
"happy cake day","admiration"
"do you promise?","confusion"
"I didn't like this, not for even one second. ","disapproval"
"What in the actual...","neutral"
"I dare you","neutral"
"Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic","desire"
"The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.","annoyance"
"Always buy merch if you like it. It won’t be there the next time you go to get it.","caring"
"So creepy. Made me check my locks.","fear"
"Is there any way you and your partner could borrow more money for college and live on/near campus?","confusion"
"Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.","optimism"
"Or SFO. The only one that comes close is SEA and it’s a looooot smaller.","neutral"
"The API is completely down.","neutral"
"You can't just say the word "disinterest" and expect anything to happen","disgust"
"I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.","grief"
"No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!","disapproval"
"the peppered moth would like a word good example of external pressure on evolution","neutral"
"I sorry know I can't watch it lol Edit: got 3 seconds in and had to abort. Walls started coming down.","remorse"
"He couldn't block a shot if it was from my dead grandma","realization"
"58 and I still live at home.","approval"
"it's been like this for a couple hours now and still not fixed","neutral"
"Trust your gut","desire"
"He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster","desire"
"Imagine thinking that a rapist isn't deserving of prison. He's not even sorry.","anger"
"I see where [NAME] got his training.","neutral"
"Ugh I'm sorry man! Jerk off until your heart is content and don't apologize for it!","remorse"
"That is genius.","admiration"
"Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...","admiration"
"I wish I could be half as cool as that guy","optimism"
"Never argue with religious people. You can't win. They think [NAME] is real after all.","caring"
"[NAME] taking a backseat this episode but it sounds like he'll join the fray once [NAME] goes completely crazy.","optimism"
"They have a huge problem with rich freaks diddling kids, that's pretty libertarian.","annoyance"
"I think this would be common amongst musicians. I wonder if it's related to this discovery regarding muscle memory or if it's something else?","confusion"
"That’s! How you defeat a bear!!!!","surprise"
"That's capitalism for you, don't worry though. There's another recession on the way.","caring"
"Oh I haven’t even found those! That’s hilarious though.","surprise"
"M'loled at this.","neutral"
">the MESSAGE in the ad is absolutely positive (obviously), Are you sure that you understand the meaning of "obviously"?","neutral"
"I don't date women who smoke. As for pills or syringes etc, I don't find recreational drug users attractive. Similarly for being drunk.","disapproval"
"Si did you decide to change the company policy at the next board meeting or didn't you, you can't just leave us hanging like that!","neutral"
"Sounds good.","admiration"
"Thanks for posting this OP. Many times people change their minds and do the right thing but unfortunately we don't hear about it.","gratitude"
"Cute. 💖","admiration"
"Because it was windy ...","neutral"
"Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.","neutral"
"That's not what follows from that at all.","disapproval"
"Don't let her find out we do that here then. She'll want one.","neutral"
"Direct democracy is a terrible idea. People are morons who's opinions are easily manipulated.","disapproval"
"lol at them both getting downvotes","amusement"
"What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers","gratitude"
"Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].","admiration"
"no its not lmao","neutral"
"No its not, a AGM can do damage in excess of 15m$.","neutral"
"So many great shows they killed because they didn't advertise them and put them at terrible air times :(","fear"
"[NAME] playing great this half","neutral"
"That's [NAME] for ya'","neutral"
"Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected","admiration"
"In good news today: she broke up with him!! Right after he told her he’ll never love her the way she loves him 🙄","joy"
"A new apartman will give you peace of mind. Start saving up.","caring"
"Yeah but being happy at other misfortune is sowing bad karma for yourself.","optimism"
"Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes","amusement"
"The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!","approval"
"I’ve literally done this when drunk before, I doubt it was you but my apologies nonetheless haha ","neutral"
"“No, you cannot get better” LOL","amusement"
"Similar but I don't think identical to this","neutral"
"Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.","desire"
"Would love to see them both in the same side","joy"
"He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!","amusement"
"Nah the highest voted stories on nosleep these days are about sexual abuse or something along those lines","realization"
"It's possible though, that the mere threat of getting caught is enough of a deterrent ","approval"
"[NAME] 👩👩👩 this Is for real, this makeup 💄 💄💋 makes you glow 🌟✨ no 🚫🚫🚫🚫 filters needed 💯💯💯💯💯","surprise"
"Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad","gratitude"
"People are assuming you’ll survive getting your leg cut off right now. Coma seems better.","neutral"
"that would’ve tasted a lot better","disgust"
"Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected","surprise"
"Buncha people having (admittedly loud) fun. Don’t really see the issue.","amusement"
"That’s because she is. Honestly she’s done like a ‘safe’ performance once and the rest high. Others are unfortunately her eliminaysh-ions","neutral"
"If you're in the Bay Area check out Flying Over Walls.","approval"
"No it’s true. However it is time to rethink how we recycle clothing in cities and the elimination of donation bins is step one.","neutral"
"Makes me wish we had a hero that could slow time like the tested Lucio Ult people were talking about in here.","neutral"
"You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.","admiration"
"Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :)","gratitude"
"Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.","remorse"
"If the restaurant had only been around for 20 years clearly he’s mistaken when he claimed he’d been coming there for 40","disapproval"
"I honestly loved her performance as [NAME] in Scott Pilgrim. But then again I also love Scott Pilgrim so...","admiration"
"Heels are fucking hot. Do you like the crop used on you, him, or both?","curiosity"
"Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD","neutral"
"Copy pasta?","neutral"
"Wow! You must have pretty low standards for teachers in your state/school! I guess that's why Massachusetts is always first for education.","surprise"
"Pulp Fiction is fucking amazing","neutral"
"I've had a crown and bracelets made for me with old ad. Glad I'm not alone","neutral"
"I think this is my favourite one ever.","love"
"[NAME] bless that batch tagger extension","optimism"
"That was just embarrassing. We should not be loosing here.","embarrassment"
"This is golden.","neutral"
"Didn’t know he had his initials on his thigh pads too","curiosity"
"I'm not sure how is this as big an issue as you put it up to be.","confusion"
"Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!","surprise"
"I have even gotten to have sex with women who were fellow comics nerds and also hated what movies have done to [NAME] stories!","love"
"Now that u mention it, its bugging me too...","annoyance"
"Avid Android user here. My Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 is by far the sexiest and fastest phone I have ever had. Such bliss when using it.","admiration"
"I said bish wheeere","neutral"
"Well, if you are gonna put it that way, I guess I don’t have much of a choice.","disapproval"
"That partially explains why season 4 was such a fucking mess","annoyance"
"[NAME] has strong ties with one person. [NAME] has strong ties with 3, maybe 4. ","neutral"
"I'M NOT CRYING YOU ARE","approval"
"That’s adorable! He probably wants them all in one spot so he can make sure they’re ok and not getting lost or hurt.","caring"
"bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man","disappointment"
"If you see her last story with him standing there. He seemed fine","neutral"
"LMFAO wtf that's great","amusement"
"I can shit on [NAME] and [NAME] as well if you'd like ;) Viva [NAME]","neutral"
"This wall crisis is just another level of dumb even for someone from Eastern Europe. And believe me we know dumb.","neutral"
"Why is it so hard for people to accept the word no? Jfc. She definitely deserved what she got lol.","sadness"
"That sounds really helpful, thanks so much","gratitude"
"Truth is, we don't know. Never tried it really.","realization"
"I have my reasons for wanting to quit","neutral"
"There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know. ","curiosity"
"One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.","love"
"I dont know why but they really like to throw charged heavies when you block everything they have.","confusion"
"So premier skins basically","neutral"
"Oh don't thank me, thank the uploader! They did a quick job.","gratitude"
"Women get pregnant. Women are weaker than men. Those things won’t disappear.","neutral"
"Ah good call - I dont plan to take submissions for that reason","neutral"
"Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically","anger"
"This is one of the worst written posts I've seen on this sub for a while","disapproval"
"Yay, another second tier free agent over 30. Thank God we're making a market for these players. Go Mets!","approval"
"Fair enough haha","amusement"
"Wow, you are quite the romantic...","admiration"
"In case you're wondering, Nintendo does put a bittering agent in their Switch cartridges...and it tastes horrible. ","annoyance"
"Good job fatty!","admiration"
"The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.","neutral"
"Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.","neutral"
"Yup. Lol","approval"
"I'm down for cuddling too uwu ^(especially since cuddling can lead to sucking OwO)","approval"
"Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.","anger"
"Be true to yourself. Your the only one who will be","neutral"
"It’s a bit much. Her outfit looks basic to me 🤷🏻‍♀️","disapproval"
"State = good Anarcho-capitalism = bad Have fun getting taxed.","neutral"
"Awesome!! Also, I have those same markers!","admiration"
"First thing I thought of, people need to know these things","neutral"
"Great Photo. Really showcases what most outsiders expect when they come to Nashville for a show!","admiration"
"Aw, good times, picking off them pesky 'tennas and coyotes! Me too, I'd love that! Thank you for playing, my friend!","gratitude"
"DON’T VOTE EAT TRASH DO DRUGS GET CASH EAT ASS DIE FAST THE FUCKING MOTTO BORN TO DIE THE WORLD IS A FUCK","neutral"
"Cool thanks, posted on there just now! I'm not a super big reddit user so I'm glad that you are telling me all this haha.","joy"
"oh got it😂😂😂😂","amusement"
"Asshole w cash amount","disgust"
"That guys entire account is the biggest comedy cemetery out there","joy"
"Their Cinnamon Chip Bread is also quite good.","admiration"
"Holy shit. I remember sleeping on the back window "ledge" in my parents' car! I haven't thought about that in years.","joy"
"That was the same sunset! Very cool, thanks for sharing.","admiration"
"No, they need UYU to beat EG.","neutral"
"Thanks dude, speaking of the Sahara thay is how dry our texting has gotten. Any tips to spark it back up?","gratitude"
"My man!","neutral"
"Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am. ","annoyance"
"I killed. Last thing I want is to [NAME] don't trust [NAME] anymore, as he will always remember that he could have saved [NAME]","caring"
"Don't let a few hard months get in the way of a possible beautiful future.","admiration"
"It's not like it's a bad thing...","disapproval"
"[NAME] has to be spinning in his grave right now","anger"
"calling someone desperate for a comment is a personal attack. sure jan","optimism"
"Funny, no. Unsurprising, yes.","amusement"
"Just an employee, just stressed that it takes so long to save 10k for example and even that is nothing ! Should of brought more bitcoins","disappointment"
"Nice job dude!","admiration"
"Born and raised on Long Island, kidnapped by my wife now living in Cleveland, Ohio.","amusement"
"Thats great :) just dont shy away and embrace that you will go down a unique journey.","admiration"
"yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism","disapproval"
"lmao! That happens to me at times, It’s like really??? I was just checking if my bullets came in the mail.","amusement"
"These Red Dead Redemption graphics are amazing","admiration"
"You dodged a bullet. She sounds like she's easily manipulated and they're nightmare in laws. Bad combo","annoyance"
"Your welcome. A simple “thank you” would’ve sufficed. Didn’t need the long-winded response. r/ChoosingBeggars","disappointment"
"[NAME] is so goddamn good","admiration"
"That's a juicy offer. Pity if it goes sour","approval"
"I'd need [NAME] help for sure, because America has made it nigh impossible for its citizens to emigrate there.","approval"
"thanks JA!","gratitude"
"Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.","neutral"
"Good [NAME] ^(that's perfect)","approval"
"OMG, im on hype.","surprise"
"The weird eyes.","neutral"
"Your harshest critic will always be yourself","neutral"
"Nah coal is pretty inert from an environmental standpoint. If the barge wasn't hauling oil, gasoline or chemicals there isn't much to impact the river.","approval"
"I pray that I won't have to change my clothes.","neutral"
"Only 2 days ?","curiosity"
"I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about","approval"
"That is one of the things I’m most excited for in S2. Seeing him playing [NAME] and go off like this so effortlessly is amazing","admiration"
"These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.","neutral"
"Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.","admiration"
"I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!","love"
"It's so cute that she thinks no one can tell that isn't her real face. 😂","admiration"
"Terrible shade of lipstick she's wearing...","fear"
"New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.","annoyance"
"Thank you all for your responses! Some new info for me is giving me hope again lol see ya on the battlefield","gratitude"
"Because you never edit babies while above an armed guard. Come on. Get it together.","neutral"
"I tried to write a cheque for a fare when I was a teenager. That did not go down well.","annoyance"
"Those pearls are the worst, ugh.","disappointment"
"are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it. ","annoyance"
"> WE AREN'T EVEN IN THE UNITED KINGDOM I was well ahead of you. It was the prices being in dollars that gave it away.","neutral"
"Nah u mad lol","amusement"
"That as absolutely insane.","approval"
"All the game modes are super fun","excitement"
"If you have to ask "how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics" then you are clearly not ready.","disapproval"
"It just feels nice to share uplifting energy with people.","joy"
"Because physical contact promotes bonding. Healthy relationships increase both partner's wellbeing. Routine can be frustrating. Especially when you want to try something new.","neutral"
"I’m from Ohio and I live in Wyoming now so I don’t find it weird at all.","neutral"
"Way to go!! Thats something I hope to be able to do some time in my life again.","optimism"
"Wow, that sounds like it could be great.","admiration"
"[NAME] will probably get offers from other teams, he may not even be a [NAME] next year. ","optimism"
"I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.","disapproval"
"So true, their track record isn't great. Feels like you can only play her in limited ways or die though.","annoyance"
"[NAME] damn you are autistic","annoyance"
"Right before aunt may and [NAME] start furiously making out","neutral"
"That's why it's only 20$","neutral"
"I’m not. I know too many moid larpers to be one. I’ll show you my face if you want.","approval"
"you didn't win fast enough and it's already mana 10? guess who deserved that bolt right in his face","neutral"
"Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.","gratitude"
"Lol. I will be bartending and serving.","amusement"
"OP, u/christiangreyisdraco and u/lurkerturndcommenter, thank you for trying to make the point about focus. I appreciate your many attempts!","admiration"
"thanks, metropolitan looks legit according to google searches. ","approval"
"I still like to think the combination of alums not donating and the TA strike caused them to reverse their decision on SS.","love"
"Private practice cash only in a wealthy suburban area. Just see the worried well and live the dream.","caring"
"I dont know why but they really like to throw charged heavies when you block everything they have.","excitement"
"Ahhh, my birthday month. I must go.. ","excitement"
"You too! Yay to a family of choice!","neutral"
"I personally believe [NAME] is asexual, other characters in simillar situations all get hints toward homosexuality but I can't remember any for [NAME].","neutral"
"I suspect that, this is going to be the least infuriating DIY aspect of this house. ","confusion"
"Thanks, guys! Most of what you guys said were helpful. I'll work on myself a bit and not try too hard. ☺","gratitude"
"this is my favorite scene from girl with the dragon tattoo","love"
"I've probably put a couple hundred miles on my space saver tire. It's still on there right now.","approval"
"Once the work has been done to certify the car, it cannot be undone. Easier to go the other way.","neutral"
"It's time to fertilize the lawns. A couple of 500lb bags should do!","neutral"
"yeah, those seem like they'll flop around quite safely... ","approval"
"When he put his legs on either side of the crocodile I thought to myself “man you still have time to change your mind” but alas.","nervousness"
"All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere. ","admiration"
"I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come","neutral"
"I found it really kind.","admiration"
"It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.","anger"
"My, my, what an active imagination you have! Have you considered a career writing Hollywood movie scripts! I think you have talent for that.","admiration"
"This is a very cool option!","neutral"
"This. This is the [NAME] I've been waiting on.","curiosity"
"Neither, but I plan on it soon.","optimism"
"As someone who hates wake up dragon punches, this made me hard","realization"
"Not a Fan if anything FFXiii but I loved this game. Hope we get a season 2.","admiration"
"[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 ","sadness"
"What the hell is going on at Getty Images?","neutral"
"your mom likes to copy me cause she has no creativity just like you:","neutral"
"Why thank you sir!","gratitude"
"What is dutch crunch bread? It sounds delicious!","curiosity"
"Come on, I want to know how it goes.","neutral"
"I got undifferentiated androgynous, just slightly more femme than masc, which, honestly, sounds about right as an AFAB nonbinary person tbh","neutral"
"Hi, [NAME]! I thought I would stop by and wish you a wonderful and prosperous year! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot","love"
"Your comment is kinda wasted. He can't read.","disapproval"
"No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality","amusement"
"Eh, its up to you.. but Im not buying your girlscout cookies just because some of the troop drowned.","annoyance"
"I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(","confusion"
"Well said. And I love your username. 👑","admiration"
"Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.","approval"
"All he's getting from that experience is the opportunity to pay a fine to the gubment.","neutral"
"There is something legitimately wrong with you","confusion"
"I'm from London and I want to leave. It just makes economical sense for me","neutral"
"I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.","optimism"
"Apophenia is a symptom of mental illness and makes you prone to believing conspiracy theories and seeing connections that aren't there.","curiosity"
"I’m the most surprised that [NAME] is 35. Seems like just yesterday he was plotting with [NAME] on how to get booze for the party","surprise"
"i want to see more [NAME] backcourt action. I don't wanna see [NAME] shooting right now.","neutral"
"One of the gayest shirts I have ever seen...","neutral"
"I think that's what I'm going with. Thanks guys! u/krazyM","gratitude"
"It’s embarrassing to share a license with them, that’s for sure.","disapproval"
"Another strange signing. [NAME] seems great at spotting backup players. 20 odd signings and probably 4 have been decent?","annoyance"
"Because the people pushing the myth are either willfully ignorant or outright malicious.","neutral"
"Thank you, how epic is your curl? ","gratitude"
"FWIW this was also posted yesterday","realization"
"This is not a “dank” meme you normie","neutral"
"I have never noticed dread doing shady stuff. Dream, well, duh.","neutral"
"Really wow, what a steal","admiration"
"Wow, automated can collection is news in 2019? Literally have done this for a decade minimum...","excitement"
"That's what everyone says but they are ugly. I want a Diavel, m109, or a Vrod.","disappointment"
"This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.","disapproval"
"Hey I’m going to eli today! Unfortunately for a funeral but hello stranger :)","disgust"
"My favourite pool! Shame I don't live around there anymore","annoyance"
"Yes....youtube new rule is now...u have to do commentary on every video u uploaded or show yourself in the video.....check their guidelines..u will see..","realization"
"Hmmm, can I see that statistic claiming Rowan engineering is that high?","pride"
"I would like to see the tree as well! :D:::","desire"
"Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.","confusion"
"Np just passing it forward from another comment haha. Love the sudden silence in this video. Love the look on everyone’s faces.","amusement"
"oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!","joy"
"Oh fuck. Is that legal?","annoyance"
"Wow damn this some good words","admiration"
"Question of the century.","neutral"
"You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.","approval"
"Write down the problems and how you feel when and after you have them. Then take that to therapy and actually get vulnerable with your therapist.","caring"
"A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.","gratitude"
"It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.","joy"
"Lol 100% science and you are defending her honor","admiration"
"Really? Some of my posts/comments have been visited by bots How do I kill them?","approval"
"Did you mean all of Massachusetts or just Boston? Because I'm pretty sure Western Mass drives well.","approval"
"Watch the Hulu documentary as well. They interview [NAME], and man is it fascinating to watch him backpedal basically from the second word he utters on camera.","neutral"
"We have cookies!!!","excitement"
"yea so disgusting","disgust"
"Try to get between us and our maple syrup and see what happens","neutral"
">We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews","anger"
"I think it may be interesting if the public could vote for films.","approval"
"Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.","embarrassment"
"Looks to sweet, you should eat more greens.... 👇😎👇","caring"
"A west coast NYE show consisting solely of sunset photos.","neutral"
"Update: I'm braving out because I need food and drink and a shower but I also may freak out panicking.","neutral"
"Oh mate! Happy days. haha. Yeah I totally thought you were starting a course of Radiotherapy haha. All good","amusement"
"So shocking a couple in their 20s in counseling isn’t going to work out.","disapproval"
"it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.","desire"
"Do you remember if [NAME] was carrying a white piece of paper? Oh yeah...you don't forget a thing like that...","caring"
"I saw this entire movie on YouTube and loved it! But it doesn’t seem to be on YouTube anymore :/","approval"
"You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!","gratitude"
"This was 90 for 7grams","neutral"
"Thanks! I've got at least 6 certifications from coursera and a few more from udemy. Good luck to you too!","gratitude"
"Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.","remorse"
"Hey, I described you in the OP! Everyone's doing it so you have to too, otherwise *you* feel like it's unfair.","approval"
"I beta-tested Gwent. After all that and everything after launch, I'd still rather just play it as a minigame in Witcher 3.","joy"
"You look a trashy stripper that brings her kid to work. You also look like [NAME] if she continued taking heroine","neutral"
"What would you consider to be oppression of women?","curiosity"
"[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy","approval"
"Losing my Origin account? Oh no, how else will I play thousands of other non-shitty EA games now?","disapproval"
"Bruh fox and heild look like the same dude","approval"
"I really need to get more sleep.","caring"
"I just got the same thing from a piano class I took in 2014. They have sent it to me twice in the past hour.","realization"
"Same, actually. Funny, just saw him in a local video doing the same bit.","amusement"
"Don't play dumb, there are political parties that promote liberalism and conservatism as their main philosophies.","neutral"
"I didn’t think it was possible for one Twitter account to be so obnoxious, but here it is.","confusion"
"FYI your boyfriends fucking her too.","disgust"
"Im not a brexiter. In fact, this is my concern with a second referendum. I'm worried that remain will lose.","nervousness"
"No offense, but you are jumping in conclusions that may be as incorrect as blaming [NAME]. ","disapproval"
"Dammit, you know I proof read this and I thought it changed correctly but I guess it didn't.","realization"
"The hell? That’s like one-in-a-million chance! Only thing that’d make it crazier is if we’re in the same city lol","annoyance"
"You’re not being clear in what you’re trying to say. I’m unsure how to try to help you in this case.","confusion"
"Nah, stick with me, I've got a new angle.","neutral"
"Analytics and instagram... are you joking?","confusion"
"Ugh. What a way to go.","neutral"
"Girls gotta stick together.","neutral"
"Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.","admiration"
"So you're saying there's a chance I'm a bot... I don't even know what's real anymore!","confusion"
"Makes sense. Interesting perspective.","neutral"
"True story? Haha","amusement"
"Phew ...","neutral"
"Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar","sadness"
"Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.","sadness"
"Aw man I thought you liked "Forgoing the Playoffs"","remorse"
"LEAVE [NAME]!","disappointment"
"Cool. I wish I could come to anarchopulco this year. Have fun.","admiration"
"Crap. I need more Excedrin. STAT.","neutral"
"In our society it is more shameful to pay for sex, do drugs and to gamble than to praise the death of innocent innocent victims.","embarrassment"
"Wait what vacation are we talking about?","confusion"
"Her absence is probably the greatest present she can give you. Enjoy it while you can.","admiration"
"I used to do shit like this...back when I had a serious drinking problem I was in denial about","embarrassment"
"This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .","gratitude"
"Sorry I thought you called me dumb. Long story. A misunderstanding. Sorry","remorse"
"Probably has to do with that fact that she is, predictably, a [NAME]. ","admiration"
"Chi snowing. Can't get a break.... Also I'm crushing it.","neutral"
"He was! And people in my class would be so hard on him about his accent. I hear the guy teaching the class now is really good, though!","approval"
"Don't attend. Don't engage. They want validation, don't give it to them.","anger"
"He looks like a genuinely nice guy. He doesn’t look fat and greasy","approval"
"Stay in bed and binge watch a new show, my suggestion Brooklyn 99","caring"
"Do both, son. Do both. You will find the fame you seek.","caring"
"So looks like it was gang violence?","neutral"
"[NAME] thanks dude","gratitude"
"Griefing your oponents is amazing fun in a pvp game. *Cheating* to grief is the problem being addressed here.","amusement"
"This was actually a very interesting article. I'd never realised how Snapchat and its filters were driving people to be so unhappy with their appearance.","admiration"
"You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.","anger"
"Lawyer up bro and report him!","neutral"
"I think the popularity of Alliance confirms my point about radical centrism on here","realization"
"Glasses and [NAME] made me regain interest in the show. Pluuus I want to know what happens to [NAME], she's my favourite character :(","curiosity"
"Dallas didnt play our schedule lol Even with VJ we could have beaten that team lol","amusement"
"Poor cats tho. Having to live with people like that","sadness"
"Yeah I was more poking fun of the fact he won the NHL leadership award last year.","excitement"
"Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.","sadness"
"I mean, it certainly is weird but don't kinkshame","disgust"
"The problem is that data shows graphics sell, gameplay doesn't. It really sucks though, I wish they gave us a toggle at least ","anger"
"My favorite Green Goblin mask is on a truck in the [NAME] flop Maximum Overdrive.","neutral"
"I'm always happy to have you in my box.","joy"
"Yay, I hope so! I'm feeling good about this decade.","desire"
"I schedule reading breaks during the day. It allows me time to relax if I’m feeling overwhelmed, but is still beneficial for the kids. ","approval"
"That was at Nats Park. I remember that poor guy.","disappointment"
"Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...","neutral"
"Hey. As long as the person I help is better off than when I first saw them, I’m happy.","joy"
"I dunno, "Lobbyist" and "Senator" seem like mighty fine jobs","disapproval"
"[NAME] is ruining the Pittsburgh Steelers culture...don't fucking @ me. Sinking fucking ship","anger"
"Usually fly fishing. During winter I like cooking, enjoying a glass of wine or a joint. ","approval"
"It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.","caring"
"This is a very long story about nothing","neutral"
"How generous :) you must really make them happy. Good on you for that","admiration"
"One. We are unlikely to survive long enough to make it to our second kill.","neutral"
"Honestly? No. I just feel sad for you guys","curiosity"
"Did nutmeg trip once when in high school. Unbelievable how trippy it was. Made time to super slow too. Key word: ONCE","neutral"
"That’s exactly what it says on the menu, don’t see what’s wrong here.","anger"
"they're a bit expensive anyways","disappointment"
"Great picture! What a amazing tribute! I love Dallas","admiration"
"Kind of uncool dude","disgust"
"Thats absolutely disgusting.","annoyance"
"Not if it's at the direction of the front office. Which is the only reason it would happen. Use your head.","neutral"
"She also takes it off to shower, work out, wash dishes, etc. ","disgust"
"I heard [NAME] was an absolute monster too... Jk folks","fear"
"Jeez I just did those for fun but good luck","gratitude"
"Well, dig him out of there!","neutral"
"Ooh, I wanna be [NAME]!","excitement"
"you could do that but i woulndt want that as soldier, widow or mccree. but of course reaper should not try to break the shield","realization"
"This would be boring as hell","annoyance"
"All the best to you truly. I hope you can find balance in yourself which is what we all secretly need","caring"
"I feel bad for my kids who will never get to see [NAME] play... [NAME] on the other hand...","disappointment"
"I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man","confusion"
"You know I’ve always wondered what this song was about. Thank you.","gratitude"
"I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit","caring"
"> don't tax anyone what a stupid idea.","annoyance"
"Grow up fool","annoyance"
"im glad that's not what the game is about then","gratitude"
"> If you actually believe they are still a threat oh, if only it *were* up to me...","disapproval"
"I can’t wait until they start coloring in between the lines all the way up to their noses.","optimism"
"Yeah, I do this too. It's almost comforting. I'm glad I'm not the only one.","approval"
"[NAME] was such a nasty POS. In his dirty wifebeaters with his malt liquor. “Men have needs...” He disgusts me.","disgust"
"Shouldn't have watched battle tendency. Now I frequently have fantasies about the ideal male body and feel more and more homosexual by the second.","desire"
"Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.","disapproval"
"I have never laugh cried so hard at a TV moment","sadness"
"Reading on that sub makes me sick.","annoyance"
"At least she didn't hot glue it","disapproval"
"Never ceases to boggle my mind how truly ignorant some people are.","annoyance"
"American scouts are weird. I've had mixed groups since I was a teen, and I've never saw the need for different groups for each sex","disapproval"
"I meant after he first suspected the incest and told [NAME]. He went to Dragonstone as he was afraid he would be killed.","neutral"
"It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone. ","sadness"
"The problem they have is... They "knew" [NAME] would win.","confusion"
"I'm still happy about it and will be for the entire offseason.....if not longer :)","joy"
"Thank you so much for your kind words, I didn’t think anyone would take the effort. ","disapproval"
"Wow they got them [NAME]? Those US agents are some lucky guys","surprise"
"Ask and you shall receive. Thanks man","gratitude"
"Sitting at home drunk waiting for my tech to charge so I can sit out back and listen to music lol","desire"
"Is there a quiz version of this where I can answer what I think and then at the end it tells me who matches the best?","curiosity"
"Wow, the cropping on this shitpost is as bad as it gets.","disappointment"
"The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.","disappointment"
"The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’","disgust"
"Well that made me want to continue to live in Alberta.","neutral"
"Approaching doesn't work unless you are [NAME] or something. I've only seen 2 approaches in my life and both were rejections.","neutral"
"Ha! They’re very naughty! Pretty cute, tho ❤️","love"
"I accidentally found it while googling things about “not wanting to be [RELIGION]” and “feeling trapped in [RELIGION]” ect.","neutral"
"Okay, that sounds like a plan, I can handle that.","approval"
"I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho. ","admiration"
"I love hunting/fishing. I’m on every day, too. Add me: [NAME]","love"
"Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude","admiration"
"Go support them then.","desire"
"So can [NAME]","neutral"
"I’m a little scared of telling my parents (I’m in high school.) How do I approach them about this?","confusion"
"It's all good man, glad you shared it. Just felt I should defend my stance as well.","admiration"
"It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...","embarrassment"
"It was actually pretty great, definitely going to return next week! :)","admiration"
"I wish him good luck trying to get the video back but his chances are quite low. It's one man versus a corporate empire.","caring"
"This guy doesn’t like fox hunting because “toffs” do it. As with all policies of the left, it’s grounded in jealousy. ","neutral"
"Im from Austria, so im supporting TSM from EU. Would appreciate to Share my thoughts.","admiration"
"Yeah, hah. ","approval"
"Lol did you just take the experts picks that they talked about on Action Network?","amusement"
"Da’ts a beauty. Got sniped at auction with seconds left to lose [NAME] from this summer.","admiration"
"Well i know this much is true, there’s unspoken truth amoung us men, we secretly love hairy vaj. No? Just me?","confusion"
"Thank you, and I am. I'm definitely fine with regretful parent, I'd flair myself that if I had an actual computer at hand.","gratitude"
"Oh [NAME]. But I'm sort of confused as to how the pic was taken, sorry if you said it but I'm a bit stupid and tired","sadness"
"I mean there's a pretty big community of people that idolize school shooters and rapists so you never know on the internet.","approval"
"[NAME] is the queen. The dispossessed is a great work of anarchist science fiction, and where I first came across anarchism portrayed positively.","neutral"
"Honestly, that would be my nightmare, I’d rather keep [NAME] another season and draft a new QB in 2020 instead ","optimism"
"I see this as a guy making fun of a small sect of women, not a bitter jab at all as a whole","neutral"
"Im so sad how that movie turned out. We could have achived something good","sadness"
"I just read your list and now I can't wait, either!! Hurry up with the happy, relieved and peaceful onward and upward!! Congratulations😎","caring"
"Serenity now ! Serenity now !","neutral"
"I probably just watched whatever episode someone else is rewatching.","neutral"
"Have to go on a date with them hard to get a date nowadays though","neutral"
"Men are the worst.","anger"
"It's ok to debate and reevaluate scientific things. Really it is. Scientism however is the idiology, religion, that useful idiots and politicians are pushing.","approval"
"The furry community loves it.","love"
"What? Shut up?","anger"
"X+n is an even worse option for class caps, so you have pointed out that an old broken system is now more broken. Thanks. ","gratitude"
"I thought it was all of Yorkshire... could be wrong though and it is just City if York!","disapproval"
"What was the age difference between [NAME] and [NAME]? I had though it was about ten years but now I’m not sure.","neutral"
"he's being immature","disapproval"
"*sees title* hello there!","neutral"
"I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7. ","neutral"
"He qualified for the winter skirmish which was top 200 out of millions who tried.","neutral"
"a guy named [NAME] had a nightmare of [NAME] getting shot at a live performance.","neutral"
"[NAME], feel bad for that streamer, everyone has their moments on this game, it’s understandable","sadness"
"Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?","annoyance"
"And then the oligarchs in charge will be forced to say how they really feel about America... this bizarre logic has very interesting potential.","admiration"
"Sorry to hear that brother! Solid advice and power and love to you. Here is knowing things will get better and that you're a champ!","admiration"
"Don’t blame us because you’re a dumbass..","anger"
"They do in the common tourist hotspots where our undesirables travel.","neutral"
"I have secondhand embarrassment for them both.","embarrassment"
"> your character is so yuck Thank you, for confirming my suspicions of who/what you are.","disgust"
"So hard to believe that this comment isn`t being ridiculed. I want some of what you guys are smoking.","curiosity"
"You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior","neutral"
"I'd say Sprite as chaser","neutral"
"a must win game if we have any ambitions for 8th seed, even with [NAME]. any news on him & jsimms?","curiosity"
"I'm on my legal age and he's my second partner. I wil try to find more about it...","approval"
"This goes hard, keep working just a little bit more on it. It feels like a demo to a cool song Love it","approval"
"Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays","gratitude"
"Wasn’t this guy floated around as a long shot OC candidate earlier in the offseason?","confusion"
"Loving everyone so far. This is going to be a great season.","approval"
"Looks like a hover hand for a few frames.","neutral"
"Baba Yaga has very defined taste.","approval"
"I know you're trying to play devil's advocate but [NAME] doesn't hit close to as well as [NAME]","neutral"
"Anyone know how high of a fall that was? Edit: ~4 seconds of falling. .5 X 9.8 X 4^2 = ~78 feet.","curiosity"
"Hmm... [NAME] looks like [NAME] from Nickelodeon","neutral"
"Smoooootthhhhhhh!!","approval"
"may I direct your attention to the aforementioned “tin foil conspiracy”","neutral"
"Afraid not. I was just given a different perspective.","disapproval"
"There is no true 0 speed because it is relative to an object your speed.","neutral"
"They probably didn't know.","confusion"
"Right but even without the FPTA surely we could have found ourselves in the same situation from a legal perspective?","curiosity"
"wow, we really live in future","admiration"
"SKAM was great. I literally binged all of S3 as soon as I got home last night.","admiration"
"That is an image that I will never be able to forget.","realization"
"damn that kid can jump","neutral"
"True , when this song started playing, I got my first “ Gone Fishing” signature. Loved that game. Thanks for sharing.","approval"
"Finally Mesut!","neutral"
"That only works for the ironclad","neutral"
"Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle","love"
""I shot [NAME] in the face"","neutral"
"What does she want? No sex with you! Your giving up which is what she wants! She wins and you lose. Pretty simple!","annoyance"
"i got kangaroo from the meat guys over in U district at University Seafood and Poultry. they have tons of exotic stuff","excitement"
"“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” ","neutral"
"Oooo she has a crush on you that’s embarrassing!","amusement"
"I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.","love"
"I have an older set by what looks like the same artist. They look identical just with a few different players.","approval"
"Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or","anger"
"34 year old here... still feel like a 20 year old still trying to figure things out... no kids, no wife, ","joy"
"Don't move there without at least a few months' living expenses saved up.","neutral"
"Used to be just bad on the 2nd. Now they are folding on other rights as well.","neutral"
"I just dropped out of my science class without being at school, hot damn","amusement"
"You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was","annoyance"
"Are you throwing such a hissy fit that you couldn't read the "anywhere else other than the internet" part?","confusion"
"And our bishops will take his side. We're surrounded.","neutral"
"Just woke up from one. Glad to know it's not just me. Hope you have a good return!","optimism"
"For some reason I read that in [NAME]' voice lmao","amusement"
"I can’t stop staring at the boobs","disapproval"
"You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.","caring"
"Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it. ","admiration"
"*anti-racist. "Racist" is just another slur for 'white', like 'cracker' . Trying to make it work in any other way rings hollow.","neutral"
"Sorry i was thinking of the word "Plaintiff"","remorse"
"I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse","remorse"
"Forget 20/10, [NAME] all about that 10/20.","admiration"
"Yeah, you’re a racist, and they were right to ask you to leave. ","neutral"
"I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.","approval"
"Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;)","admiration"
"College is a very lonely place. Very stressful, very lonely. [NAME]. Good luck out there man.","disappointment"
"Haha didn’t even notice. It’s staying.","excitement"
"That's actually legitimately hilarious. I'm going to have to start following this [NAME] fella","amusement"
"Judging by my 10 month old, that is about 2.5 days worth of dirty diapers. ","neutral"
"bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.","disapproval"
"You are not intereating. You are an annoying cunt who should have never been concieved.","anger"
"Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma. ","neutral"
"I think it's your choice that determines it","approval"
"Thank you for at least doing something good sir.","admiration"
"Something is eating this poor redditor and I don’t think it’s the injustice of society at large to accept face tattoos.","grief"
"[NAME] face looks so cute here. What happened. Too many fillers ?","neutral"
"Or they will die!","caring"
"Right there with you! Unladylike was so depressing, I couldn't keep listening to it.","disappointment"
"Fake was the right call either way.","annoyance"
"How is this not discrimination? Serious question.","anger"
"I looked closely, his left ankle does not get run over. it just lands behind the very last tire. very lucky.","neutral"
"What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.","embarrassment"
"Unfortunately, the DM is [NAME].","neutral"
"They’ve got 1.5 stars off 43 reviews on Yelp. You’ve got to be pretty bad to get that low.","neutral"
"The sad part about this is that these memes are more Gen Z if anything...","sadness"
"need to stop over reacting about *everything*.","caring"
"That whole [NAME] bit of "I'm not gonna rape you. I'm a little boy." is oddly on target.","neutral"
"So excited to see the man again.","excitement"
"Does this not happen to all people? If not then at least I found out a little more about why this always happens to me.","neutral"
"Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.","realization"
"It's a difficult one really, because some customers would probably be offended if he said "your husband or wife". ","neutral"
"Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break","gratitude"
"I can always make new friends because I'm charismatic, but I still really care about them.","approval"
"to stop any confusion we're talking about this photo","neutral"
"I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.","admiration"
"Alibaba has some cheap sosial antennas and and thick tape for sharp edges.","approval"
"Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?","amusement"
"That’s why it’s petty revenge. It may have been petty to take a bit of enjoyment in it, but she made her own bed","annoyance"
" Therapy really is the only way. It's not easy, but maybe therapy will help you learn to love yourself enough to love someone else one day. ","love"
"It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.","approval"
"Maybe ask some neighbours if there have been any strange or noteworthy comings and goings during the day.","surprise"
"It was pretty heart breaking, then the council came out and said they weren't going to collect them. Made a lot of people mad. ","sadness"
"Other than the [NAME] storyline and the flashbacks the stories building up to the main villain went in circles. Wasn’t anything exciting or to interesting.","neutral"
"I think she was trying to demonstrate that such solutions are practical even if politically difficult. But it was a sloppy analogy.","neutral"
"What do you mean by delicate flowers?","neutral"
"Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time","optimism"
"Not my proudest fap","disapproval"
"Or they will die!","neutral"
"Thanks for your opinion. It's highly respected lol","amusement"
"I leave for three weeks in Morocco tomorrow. Excited for the 80 degree temperature swing.","excitement"
"Hope he takes a break before managing again... I love the guy but he needs to update/reevaluate some of his tactics and methods","love"
":) i like it","admiration"
"Hahaha, that's brilliant. Stupid and hilarious. ","amusement"
"One of my coworkers made the wait list. Great guy, but yeah, it is a rich getting richer situation.","admiration"
"Thanks im going to get that on a shirt u are awesome and must love everyone thanks for the help [NAME] is still president","admiration"
"Wow this basically means that 99%of bolliwood movies are basically documentaries! This changes everything!","admiration"
"hard working, alpha male, jackhammer, merciless, insatiable","neutral"
"Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse. ","anger"
"Oh dang I hadn’t even looked at her face!","disappointment"
"I have a bad feeling about this.","disapproval"
"This is my new favorite video.","admiration"
"Alright thanks ill try, (but thats like dark souls on ng 100 XD)","gratitude"
"Why did you have to one up this article in your comment?","neutral"
"F. No!!!!","neutral"
"I have a feeling this is gonna get really crowded, and end up being a shit show with such short notice for everything.","anger"
"Oh I should've checked there wow I'm slow 🤦","excitement"
"No they didn’t. The asterisks on the name indicate that that is the registered name you have on your rewards account.","neutral"
"Yes and that is very intimidating for me, hence why I need help","desire"
"I thought she got arrested over it, but charges were dropped?","disapproval"
"Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.","sadness"
"That would be cool too!","approval"
"Really? I had no idea the bioavailability was the same","curiosity"
"That sounds like a hot date. ;) I've never been, but friends say just order the cheapest food and enjoy the ambiance.","joy"
"I like spicy, but I have made poppers with mini bell peppers and they came out great. Good to have options","gratitude"
"Screenshots and a photo of the food on their porch.","neutral"
"How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!","disgust"
"Hell yeah bois","admiration"
"I didn’t actually know that. I wish I was surprised.","optimism"
"Woke is realizing the world doesnt revolve around you at its most basic level. Thats dumb?","annoyance"
"The register entries have allot of interesting information, and basically served as the record of service for all personnel.","neutral"
"I can’t believe I’m agreeing with [NAME].","approval"
"No pick and roll, this is a nightmare without [NAME] and with [NAME]","disapproval"
"It's just an edgy 12 year old's creation.","neutral"
"That’s adorable! I love it!","love"
"Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard","remorse"
"Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.","admiration"
"Depends on the drug. Weed makes me antisocial and when I'm in public, I feel paranoid and I feel like everyone knows I'm high.","approval"
"Looks fade, having a partnership with people that love and care about each other doesn't have to.","caring"
"Except we've ACTUALLY seen coalitions basically fall apart after the local government elections.","neutral"
"Thank you. I realise I have to start from scratch","gratitude"
"Well I heard advice everyone to listen to this episode it was extremely interesting.","admiration"
"Surprising you choose to believe things that aren’t true 🤔","surprise"
"Meh good introduction. Sadly I am a pro philosopher so know all of this","admiration"
"Thanks for the explanation! And lol yeah that’s fair - ‘rag’ isn’t exactly the flashiest of terms!","approval"
"Sometimes you just wanna find out what kind of Cactus you are","neutral"
"ahhhhh ok I thought it was the other way round, thanks for clearing it up.","gratitude"
"Its interesting how it's become so mythologised and based on a large mount of fiction (tanks on the streets, English soldiers) ","admiration"
"The internationalist EU. The [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are just brimming with all that international SOLIDARITY ❤️","approval"
"Only in portland","neutral"
"Really worried about NISA translating it, but at this point I don't care any more, as long as we get an english version of it.","nervousness"
"Uh, you can’t see the grille?","confusion"
"i used to work in that area. my god, what a complete & total sh*thole - and even then, there are worse places","excitement"
"You should have a friend come with you instead to avoid more hurt feelings","neutral"
"I love how Chapotraphouse links directly to neoliberal","curiosity"
"I made some super dumb decisions as a teen. Thankfully nothing life affecting. Source: was teen","annoyance"
"Sweet seats! You're lucky to have been there!","admiration"
"I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.","optimism"
"as long as they remain indoor cats, no problem with being a cat lady. you do you ","neutral"
"You don't look at accidents on the road? Yeah, I don't believe you.","neutral"
"Ironically, I just sense that they are working in an area where this is a ready stream of revenue just waiting for them.","neutral"
"Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.","love"
"Mirror:","neutral"
"If you read my comment more carefully you’ll see that this is not my idea of a free market.","realization"
"The next [NAME]. Welcome [NAME].","approval"
"Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously. ","anger"
"Chuckled. Upvote!","neutral"
"Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!","disgust"
"Her accent!! I died.","grief"
"Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude. ","annoyance"
"ME TOO HE IS MY FAVORITE KILLER TO GO UP AGAINST [NAME] FROM NURSE!","excitement"
"Conservative is massively brigaded on an hourly basis. Unfortunately, it requires strict moderation or else it is unreadable.","approval"
"Congratulatioins!","joy"
"The tree actually moved!!! Who is this guy?!","surprise"
"Daily would be great, but...life stuff like work sometimes get in the way.","gratitude"
"So it's okay when [NAME] does it. But when I do it. I'm being weird. I see. Got it.","approval"
"I personally like [NAME] and think he could be on the team right now, but the Org doesn't agree.","approval"
"What a complete and utter cunt.","anger"
"Don't forget to snack constantly to keep your metabolism up! /s","caring"
"Did you taste it","curiosity"
"Can I ask why he isn’t willing? Thanks - I hope it works out for you. Maybe take this time to work on you!","curiosity"
"He’ll have ptsd every time he sees a cheeseburger.","neutral"
"Dude, if this was real you wouldn't have mentioned godfather. ","neutral"
"I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.","approval"
"Weird flex but okay","neutral"
"“So even if vaccination did cause autism...WHICH IT FUCKING DOESN’T!” Pure genius.","admiration"
"Everyone has a purpose, just have to find what that purpose is for you. ","neutral"
"This is some of the worst passing I've ever seen.","anger"
"Pray. I remember that happening a couple weeks ago when the whole system went down internationally. Maybe check your connection and refresh, all that jazz.","neutral"
"Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.","annoyance"
"This happened to me too. Also how I found out my cpa is an exmo.","disappointment"
"I misunderstood "come back strong" ","remorse"
"Let me admit. This show is a guilty pleasure. Seeing these people's lives in such chaos brings me joy.","joy"
"lol getting totes fucked up at work is super cool i am one ZANY individual look out Shut the fuck up do it in your own time","amusement"
"I guess this is place where we are thankful for Microsoft complexity.","gratitude"
"Yes absolutely extreme levels of anxiety reaching the sheer terror phase tbh. People have no idea what I go through","sadness"
"Did not know that. Not bad","neutral"
"I make lots of lists and none of them are useful. Except my playlists, I use them.","realization"
"One of my favorite episodes.","love"
"This happens all the time when guys pick me up. I don’t know anything about cars. Just tell me the color","neutral"
"I'm so glad not to have Publix in my region when I see this bullshit...even though *I* miss their subs too... Lol","amusement"
"ahhh yes, that post from 2 years ago with 39 upvotes, remember it like it was yesterday. ","approval"
"Have a great safe driving record, save up to buy stuff, and meet people face to face to talk to them.","neutral"
"I understand your point, but I prefer if we did not consider that.","disapproval"
"That's so disappointing. I'm sorry that happened to you. It really is hard to make friends as an adult.","disappointment"
"Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.","optimism"
"We don't deserve sex with dogs.","anger"
"No, I'm pointing to the fact that you think that without Capitalism, the only alternative reality is the Soviet Union.","disapproval"
"Therapists hate this trick!","disapproval"
"I support abortion","approval"
"No? This is literally saying that a wall would be useless, unless you also wanna build 40-50 feet beneath the ground.","neutral"
"I meant more likely than her killing them and running away.","neutral"
"Ah true blue love","surprise"
"So does he want to go back to being hunters and gatherers? How can humanity improve with no governments.","confusion"
"Thank you 🙏","gratitude"
"To that I say, you're welcome to get in my pants as long as I'm not in them too... 😁","neutral"
"It feels oddly comforting and familiar that we suck at hockey again.","amusement"
"So we should put all children in the school at risk?","neutral"
">Dude, nobody reads. That is *really* not true. ","neutral"
"i never knew i needed this","sadness"
"Opinions? I mean that's just a statement.","realization"
">are you guys ignoring us international fish viewers Yes Shut up","annoyance"
"No such thing as too cold, friend! Just too long, I don't wanna bother.","realization"
"So sad—but not surprising. It would be interesting to know if there’s a difference between countries with and without socialised health care.","sadness"
"yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. ","anger"
"Eff your video - love Canada 🇨🇦 Stupid geolock","anger"
"I got matched with the best [NAME] in the world today, it was well fun. Felt happy to win a round ahaha.","excitement"
"No deagle nerf/vault, good patch but could be way better","neutral"
"Better get yourself here before March 😂","caring"
"Love your username!","love"
"Oh yeah, those are both totally valid criticisms. It's just that they lose me when they call him a serial predator","annoyance"
"you fucking moron","anger"
"I can play faster. I just don't enjoy it as much. Might I ask what is your draft winrate?","approval"
"I want to get off [NAME] wild ride","joy"
"It's actually illegal to do this. Only allowed if absolutely unavoidable.","disapproval"
"Wait, there’s a little more dust. TIFU by cooking my girlfriend for forty dinners.","neutral"
"Did the goat enjoy it?","neutral"
"Worst episode of the entire show","anger"
"[NAME] receive the maximum sentence and her jail mates know that she kidnapped a child.","neutral"
"I’m just in awe because this will actually get so many people up in arms.","joy"
"Time for a courageous conversation!","excitement"
"This sub is very very bad at irony","disapproval"
"No noodlebox for you then. Sorry.","remorse"
"I tried Nair once. Do not use Nair.","disappointment"
"Testing it out in creative it feels like the hunting rifle got a huge buff this patch, cant wait to bring out one of my favorite weapons ","excitement"
"Rainy weather must have gotten them... no idea. But i've never seen a dead hummingbird and saw 2 within 5 feet of each other :(","realization"
"A respectful professional doesn't cheap shot multiple training partners ending one's fighting career.","disapproval"
"I have mixed feelings about discovering aliens that are now 1.5 billion years more advanced than us.","amusement"
"I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point ","approval"
"I also feel that way. They're playing next level... then again, I thought NZ would take care of us","annoyance"
"Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it","realization"
"It's horrible and I love it and you should be proud.","fear"
"I feel like some people here think top mind means anything they disagree with.","neutral"
"I think [NAME] was pulled in that moment into the “World between Worlds” just as [NAME] on Malachor.","neutral"
"C'mon, you can do better than that! Just search your heart...","gratitude"
"I would love to see some encouragement and smiles on the sideline instead of yelling and whining.","approval"
"They bothered to attack darling in the franxx","disappointment"
"I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?","remorse"
"You may be onto something. Strange that I agree with this now.","approval"
"I don't live there anymore, but I grew up in the midwest, and the "ope" triggered me a little bit","sadness"
"I'm just still numb.","neutral"
"Oh I know. [RELIGION] is the most severe form of brainwashing on the planet. There’s absolutely nothing like it. It blows my mind.","joy"
"It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.","disappointment"
">an absolute cuck Only a cuck would use that unironically so yeah probably","approval"
"I went there for the first time not long ago, just to experience it for myself. I wont be going back.","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] I was expecting someone to get electrocuted","disappointment"
"I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.","disappointment"
"Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him. ","amusement"
"That's such a well said last sentence...","neutral"
"god so good","admiration"
"welcome to the community, my good dude!","gratitude"
"Rambo with the stinger","neutral"
"I’m assuming you’re referring to the poor execution of the hanging? He only used half of the holes","curiosity"
"Now [NAME] is the popular one!!","joy"
"I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.","love"
"Will provably be downvoted into oblivion but you could have used *people* instead of *monsters* and have the point remain intact. Edit: Probably*","caring"
"That’s why I have a separate work number - I can just shut it off.","neutral"
"[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.","annoyance"
"It seems there is strong agreement on all sides that "Nothing changed" now. Is that progress? /s","curiosity"
"Yep never understand why just because a move is small that makes it bad?","anger"
"Today I'm going to show you how to get salmonella with one easy step","neutral"
"oh man [NAME] is the guy that said the show saved his life, love ya buddy","love"
"As [NAME] says,"Just put your emotions over there and eventually you will die"","neutral"
"Ok but you're still arguing against specific religions not the existence of some type of [NAME], which it almost sounds like you admit could exist","neutral"
"I am sorry that you are experiencing such deep suffering and such pain. You matter in this world, and we would all be diminished without you.","remorse"
"So the time of death would be when the doctor confirms them dead?","curiosity"
"You should check out my comment at the bottom of this thread of why I somewhat support antifa. This comic is obviously fearmongering conservatives.","fear"
"They are having a whole bunch of problems , maybe they are paying so the state doesn't go after them as well.","sadness"
"All it takes is a single touch to get me out of my armor and in my underwear?","curiosity"
"Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:","admiration"
"Daaaaannnnnggggg!!!! I'm gonna watch your episode. I don't think I've seen it","optimism"
"Like a football, one arm, head in your hand, body against your arm and don't fumble ","neutral"
"Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people","optimism"
"It means less when you hear words come out of her foul mouth. Almost incomprehensible.","disapproval"
"Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.","admiration"
"my little abomination","disgust"
"A *Pontiac* Montana?","neutral"
"TYT is a gossip shitpost panel for race baiting idiots. By race baiting idiots.","neutral"
"Ah u/The_White_Baron... I didn't read all of it, but glad I know the reference now","admiration"
"The old “I had sex with your mom” joke. I chuckled a little.","amusement"
"It kind of was for some people.","neutral"
"Hey bro there’s no judging here","optimism"
"CHONK. WANT. FLUFFY.","neutral"
"Are we all just going to ignore the fact that [NAME] is doing haircuts now?!","neutral"
"Things were significantly worse back then than they are now.","realization"
"Damn don’t sell this","disapproval"
"He will but the Chiefs will absolutely have a shot because the Pats defense is egregious on the road. I mean they let [NAME] go off lol.","amusement"
"No, what’s sad is saying the same message like it’s news. He’s a copy paste machine. No original thought.","sadness"
"Do you regularly go around calling people a know-it-all when they've generously provided you with specific information you've demanded?","confusion"
"Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a men’s rights issue","surprise"
"This happened to me in the same hour of the discard! Went from shouting to supportive friend within 45 mins.","neutral"
">sentence more severe. Debatable, I'd rather be dead than have everyone think I relentlessly molested kids. ","neutral"
"How come you shock the spinach in an ice bath?","curiosity"
"EVERY SINGLE TIME WE GET SPAMMED WITH IT WE SHOULD EMAIL THEM THIS","approval"
"I really like this OP, going to start doing something similar - thank you! ","gratitude"
"We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!","optimism"
"We're here but WE NEED TO BE UP HERE!!!!","realization"
"Contentious statements cause unrest in public forum. In other news water is wet.","neutral"
"Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.","annoyance"
"Some antique stuff might have lead mixed in, but brass does not intrinsically require lead and modern brass doorknobs certainly wouldn't as it would be a liability.","neutral"
"I STILL WANT CREW ONLY LOBBIES","neutral"
"[NAME] is on fire!!!","neutral"
"I feel there will be a direct correlation between using expeditious retreat to charge, and the amount you fall to 0.","neutral"
"Never argue with religious people. You can't win. They think [NAME] is real after all.","annoyance"
"sorry. emotional writing bot! you dont know what its like to have an amygdala! lol","remorse"
"No one loves me","sadness"
"As you hint at, I think it's more jealousy than prudishness.","neutral"
"I will for sure pray for you all.","neutral"
"Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them","sadness"
"[NAME] type awkwardness that some thots go nuts for.","disgust"
"Its definitely [NAME] fault for leaning into it though. Nobody’s pressuring her to have “Activist” in her Twitter bio.","disapproval"
"He did. Dems would have filibustered and you need 60 votes to force one to end.","fear"
"I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me","annoyance"
"Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the "both sides" argument. ","anger"
"If you look at her from a distance, she's super cute. Then you get close and it's a [NAME] painting of tweaky, delusion.","admiration"
"Help with what?","neutral"
"Yes he said that. But it can be quicker.","approval"
"I can hardly wait to see this guy paired with [NAME].","disappointment"
"Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.","neutral"
"Richmond & Weslayan. But I haven’t checked this year. Going to look this weekend...thanks for the reminder!","gratitude"
"Reads the title... so what? Reads the rest... oh. OH. Always nice to see reverse clickbait","realization"
"Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.","caring"
"My point is that since they should both get the same sentence...it doesn't matter who is who. Push them both in...","neutral"
"I was like you man, 3 felt so bad. But street part 4 3 becomes a so bad it's hilarious imo.","amusement"
"When I die, I want [NAME] and [NAME] buried with me.","neutral"
"Shocking isn’t it","surprise"
"What, no fedora tip? NEXT!","neutral"
"That escalated quickly.","amusement"
"Thanks mate. I’ll incorporate that into my game. Thanks mate.","admiration"
"Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain. ","disappointment"
"There it is!","neutral"
"Why is [NAME] so memeable.","neutral"
"Wooah :o Didn't know [NAME] had a son xD","surprise"
"Strange how you know they are 16...","neutral"
"For fun!","joy"
"This makes me unfathomably angry.","anger"
"Starting field position does not affect dvoa","approval"
"🦀MY BABYS DEAD🦀","grief"
"No! You can't have that one! That's a coconut cake!","annoyance"
"As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.","excitement"
"already downloading, as long as there is 1 or 2 fun heroes it will be worth it","neutral"
"I know you'd think we lost to Arbroath the way folk are going on.","neutral"
">"Le Painting"??? What hell is that? - [NAME], 2019","confusion"
"Thanks ? Lol I'm no internet warrior but that crossed the line. I also DM the video to [NAME]. The girl deserves love","gratitude"
"I'd look up some gameplay of Warriors games, and see if the hack and slash nature of them appeals to you.","neutral"
"Im reaching that age where some of my friends getting married, having kids, making 6figures and going to jail...","approval"
"The current situation is one of cronyism, it doesn't represent a few market, which has other tools to deal with such things.","approval"
"I don't know what she is talking about. Therefore i will say that she is DEFINITELY WRONG AND SHOULD SHUT UP! /s","anger"
"This tweet birthed the thread that birthed the legendary “I won best burlesque of the year 2018”. Bless.","approval"
"I do believe there is some evidence about that. Sowing chaos is an old Russian tactic.","disapproval"
"[NAME] is a sensitive topic for me, so when she is brought up, sometimes I just go on a little tangent. My apologies. ","sadness"
"I assume you mean how men are guilty until proven innocent in rape cases and how many places refuse to accept women can commit rape","neutral"
"Wow he is... ugly.","annoyance"
"BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!","sadness"
"This is pretty misleading. The drop is in comic sales profits for Star Wars and Marvel. They're not failing, they just not as profitable.","annoyance"
"Oh [NAME] if you ever burn anything you will never live it down.","curiosity"
"I got that feeling as well. Hoping he retires a Jet. We are the one org that embraced him. He was coaching sam every step.","embarrassment"
"Ah ok. Thank you!","gratitude"
"[NAME] is amped, I'm excited that he's excited","excitement"
"They took my favorite hair gel!! The bastards! Good thing I took a picture of it beforehand just in case","anger"
"oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose","realization"
"Best comment ever","admiration"
"69 levels in one week?","neutral"
"and of course if that happens then there's no way it could be true. as if a protester could also be a paedophile.........","neutral"
"Where are the frozen pie crusts? Can you call someone on that (handheld)? Can you get me a fish?","neutral"
"Can't decide if that's because we're playing gritty basketball late or getting kinda lucky and an inevitable regression to the mean","neutral"
"I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!","desire"
"Yes I love that show! I need to watch the last episodes now that I think of it","admiration"
"Wouldn't mind if they brought up his creepy gang rape essays or theory on how a lack of orgasms cause cancer either.","neutral"
"Those are some interesting stats. I’m gonna save your answer so I can remember them for later discussions. Thanks for that.","gratitude"
"Just wondering why they called the cops but not an ambulance seeing as how he was covered in blood and disoriented.","surprise"
"This is going to be the last episode with my Latina goddess [NAME] 🌹😭","optimism"
"But what’s the point of not having the brakes?","curiosity"
"Hmmm, I knew of the change but is ops post karma increasing? It doesn't look like it on their profile","neutral"
"Some do, others say "Thanks"...","gratitude"
"[NAME] is playing good","neutral"
"Weird but effective","disgust"
"is that an enby egg?","curiosity"
"Try to watch this without crying.","neutral"
"Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿","caring"
"I've definitely erected something in his honor but idk about a statue","confusion"
"That makes me feel even pettier. Thanks!","gratitude"
"I fell like you're being willfully ignorant of reality.","neutral"
"Well it would have been ugly tonight without him. And many nights.","neutral"
"Could be between [NAME] and [NAME] based on Twitter followers","confusion"
"Everything is a red flag to reddit. I swear you people just hate relationships","neutral"
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.","joy"
".....still thinking of something.....","curiosity"
"*ads even more trashier","annoyance"
"It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out "stop yelling!!!" when she's the only one yelling.","disgust"
"It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)","optimism"
"[NAME]. Please, [NAME]. ","desire"
"But if you made that joke about other groups, you would be strongly condemned.","desire"
"Glad you got her back! Fantastic way to start off the new year with good news!","excitement"
"im shaking and crying right now this is so powerful","fear"
"He’s oppressed! An innocent man is going to be killed!","disgust"
"What does his family say? Grandparents? Has he seen a doctor?","neutral"
"it's a good thing they had a screen protector on it","neutral"
"Exactly. I forget what the "killed per year in a school shooting" figure is but it's shockingly low.","neutral"
"It wasn't fair on the rest of the list, nothing is good as Tim Hortons.","disapproval"
"Okay please share your biggest mistake and let me decide if I fail to see how that could happen","approval"
"I have to but I’m about to start looking for like career type jobs and if I can’t drive I’m stuck.","desire"
"FBI!! OPEN UP!!!","neutral"
"No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy","anger"
"these people are holding our country back. Im happy natural selection is taking its course.","gratitude"
"This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s","embarrassment"
"What the heck did I just watch","surprise"
"I must've missed them. Looking again but if you have a moment can you link it?","confusion"
"PUT ON THE GLASSES","neutral"
"Favourite month??!!","love"
"By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will "dunk" them in the first round","neutral"
"Oooo, shiny! (Is the blue one the new one?)","surprise"
"I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.","disappointment"
"I'm here again to say I love your art and it brings me joy when you post it on this sub bye!","love"
"This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.","optimism"
"When is that? There will always be supporters who don't support the players.","confusion"
"Omg! That's awesome thank you so much!","gratitude"
"So no resignation or impeachment. Bummer. Naive me had high hopes the great [NAME] wouldn't escape the noose this time.","neutral"
"So many downvotes. Reading comprehension, people","neutral"
"Meh 2 years of bad teams under [NAME] coming off of 3 straight great years wasnt so bad. The 00's were far worse.","disapproval"
"So I did. Good call.","approval"
"I just bought myself a Bears pullover starter jacket. 8th grade me would be jealous!!","excitement"
"cliche as it sounds, it’s never too late to start. can’t change your past, creating a better future starts now","neutral"
"I see. Do you think my best bet is to buckle down and earn some OTR experience?","confusion"
"I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.","realization"
"Oh hey, someone with a brain. Rare round here. ","excitement"
"Thank god. I thought he double jumped.","gratitude"
"I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.","neutral"
"Sounds like you have the situation firmly under control. Keep maintaining boundaries, focusing on the things that matter, and ignoring her need for drama. ","neutral"
"It doesn't go to neutral. Every throw break leaves the characters at a different frame advantage/disadvantage.","neutral"
"I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.","approval"
"I wish bojangles was nation wide, why isn't bojangles nation wide?","curiosity"
"I crossposted it at it said it hadn't been crossposted yet *shrug*","confusion"
"Guys, are you really sure those are men?","optimism"
"I think it is interesting that so many people have done (Owl Hoot Trail, Star Wars Saga campaign, and at the same trime.","neutral"
"It's not a question of law; it's a matter of school policy.","realization"
"You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.","realization"
"Like the handout this guy got to build the stadium?","curiosity"
"I see. Thanks again.","gratitude"
"Sure, there are edge cases where this is less clear, but in the vast majority of conflict, this is true.","neutral"
"My favourite was “for people who don’t like water”. I don’t like their drinks but their advertising is always funny.","annoyance"
"Yeah thats what would suck too. Im away from them for 10 minutes and I miss them. Its crazy!","neutral"
"Looks like she's saying that just to be nice imo","annoyance"
"I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard. ","approval"
"From a 49 recently divorced. Thanks. Just boosted my ego. Lol.","annoyance"
"The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.","grief"
"Probably because they are trying to talk about the issues that "corporate dems" tend to ignore. ","disappointment"
"Awesome, thanks. Great answer.","gratitude"
"please report the physical and emotional abuse to the police so there is record of it. And get a lawyer ASAP.","gratitude"
"True but stranger things have happened.","approval"
"They also think you're a jealous man instead of an honest - though not very nice - woman.","neutral"
"This one got me. 💀","neutral"
"The refs missed big calls for both teams in that game.","anger"
"OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol","amusement"
"WHAT ARE THOOOOOSE","neutral"
"we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed","neutral"
"Similar to seroquel?","neutral"
"I f a picture and not realizing it until it bursts. [NAME].","realization"
"Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach","disgust"
"I've never been there before so I can't confirm or deny but I would be really surprised if a casino only had limit holdem","surprise"
"I think by and large it encouraged men to become better betas.","realization"
"Thats weak as fuck.","anger"
"I love miramar","admiration"
"You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.","approval"
"Well that's disgusting","disgust"
"do it bro, get some practice in, she can teach you alot","caring"
"Ways to fool others into believing you didn't lose your eyes in a horrible accident","annoyance"
"Her booty so thicc it bends the space/time continuum","admiration"
"He's hot","admiration"
"Takes one highschool music class and thi vs their a genius for knowing who [NAME] is the image.","neutral"
"I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.","fear"
"There isn’t a perk tree for strategy. Either illusion or maybe pickpocket... or sneak.","disapproval"
"Anyone from this sub that's caught posting in that thread should be banned from here. And from life.","disappointment"
"[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.","love"
"Good question... maybe it has something to do with expanding their international flights? Although if I remember correctly they unload you somewhere else to go through customs.","admiration"
"They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work","disappointment"
"We know Verb. Wait a minute, you’re not Verb!","neutral"
"I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...","neutral"
"Normally this would get upvotes but there’s very odd voting patterns tonight.","neutral"
"If only buses had lights or something","neutral"
"Which doesn't fit with the fact that they built massive bathrooms during the construction of Hogwarts.","disappointment"
"No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕 ","sadness"
"Big man going round the world asking for protection money. And all that time the Pentagon cringes, as they would lose a key base around China.","neutral"
"Yeah take it slow..I mean you waited 7 years you can wait a bit. Hope it will turn out good for you guys","caring"
"My [NAME] He is a BEAST. Every possession he makes someone his bitch. Are there any injury concerns past the injury he got before he left the team?","admiration"
"Dude. Don't even get me started on the only guy who can manipulate time running out of it.","neutral"
"The question wasn’t phrased well, but she does look different than her normal self in this screencap","disapproval"
"I can't see anything wrong with this message","approval"
"I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!","realization"
"[NAME] is a legend.","admiration"
"Maybe they are jealous that you found happiness.","neutral"
"Grey’s Anatomy is still on the air? I thought it was cancelled years ago.","confusion"
"He's been doing it since Napoli tho.","neutral"
"The guy they picked to play smoothie was great. Made me feel uncomfortable at every opportunity.","embarrassment"
"If we didn't know, we're not held to account. ","neutral"
"Studying something doesn't make you bright. Getting a degree does.","disapproval"
"It was a joke long before the meme haha","amusement"
"It probably will if you roll your eyes so hard.","neutral"
"His mind is free of anxiety he is now able to concentrate","approval"
"... but he LOVES you. Perfect.","approval"
"I got to him pretty quick - he could have used a Trauma, but not also repaired in time.","pride"
"It’s okay my mother in law left her Prius running outside my house for overnight and most of the next day.","approval"
"Trust me it gets worse from there....i shortened it a lot","annoyance"
"Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats","excitement"
"And then [NAME] missing a WIDE OPEN corner 3","annoyance"
"This was one of the best Reddit reads in a long time... great job.","admiration"
"Reality is often disappointing","disappointment"
""Been there, got the t-shirt, paying it off for the next 15 years."","desire"
"But we not out performing like she is, we just need a less matte version to keep us through our daily struggle life. ","desire"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are playing scared today.","neutral"
"They claim religious persecution and no lawmaker would want to deal with that can of worms.","neutral"
"[NAME] is da man. A gangsta mathematician who had the guts to seduce the most beautiful Spartan woman of her time.","admiration"
"Our [NAME] is going off bro. [NAME] is gonna out-Jack you off.","sadness"
"Because it's quicker. Time is money.","neutral"
"BALL DONT LIE.","neutral"
"You keep turning it into all or nothing lol I said *less* bookshelves will be made if *more* bookshelves are reused","neutral"
"Sorry you had to live there. Good news is they are demolishing it in 2020.","joy"
"[RELIGION] is indian tho lol","annoyance"
"I was wrong, thanks for the information.","gratitude"
"[NAME] going to waste her virginity on that riff raff. My first time was with a married felon who lied the whole time. So romantic!","disapproval"
"*laughs in uneducated Finnish farmer on skis*","amusement"
"He's not even HC, he's interim... relax chief","neutral"
"Hello Vietnam?","neutral"
"Same here. The critical sign and the little chevron only shows up.","sadness"
"Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!","excitement"
"Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.","optimism"
"Oh no now I'm caught in the suspense, what could have happened?","neutral"
"Fair enough. Still I like to spread the word... in the vain hope that policies like this will go away.","neutral"
"That's how Catholicism works.","approval"
"Stay At Home Mum","neutral"
"What is your current relationship? From my experience women younger than 20 always look for older(0-3 years) men.","curiosity"
"Yeah mason wasps are nasty little Tucker’s.","neutral"
"Good. Stay the fuck away.","anger"
"We gotta keep our hopes up sometime.","optimism"
"[NAME] won't think they are bad shots cuz they are open threes. Unfortunately, we cannot hit them consistently. ","sadness"
"She was walking like that shoe was up her butt at the club. So tacky and just nah.","approval"
"This report is going to be bullet proof","neutral"
"Hahahahahaha you 100 percent got my ass first time in months I’ve been got. Thank you.","amusement"
"Just because some people troll him on Twitter and get literally no retweets or interactions, he'll surely change his way of directing...","approval"
"What a shit twat","annoyance"
"Good idea, thanks","admiration"
"> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.","joy"
"Let’s gooooo WHI","neutral"
"its oxford, if you dont agree with oxford go live in a damn cave, because they is correct, and [NAME] I LOVE ENGLAND","neutral"
"The only ignorant person here is you, and the Pope who makes the same baseless claims as you.","annoyance"
"Because the mystery is solved if you see the end. The hands striking simultaneously and close together on the same side= beatsaber e: on Normal","realization"
"Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare. ","annoyance"
"Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury","realization"
"> The frothing at the mouth over the Primary Arms charging handle What was this?","neutral"
"No, no the PTA has not disbanded!","disapproval"
"Srs that shade range is abysmal smh","neutral"
"You're a [NAME], wizard.","admiration"
"Weather forecast for Minnesota area. Wednesday -15 to -33. Sunday 43 to 29 and rain. What the fuck?","anger"
"Damn so the Patriots are gonna get thielen after all","neutral"
"MTV loves Indiana","love"
"Oh my [NAME] that's so satisfying","admiration"
"Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach","neutral"
"look at that gym! Id kill to have one with such a nice view","admiration"
"Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!","love"
"You go home now","approval"
"Saddle up, partner.","neutral"
"Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable","admiration"
"I left the business never to come back. Then I met the owner of this place. I love this job.","approval"
"That is SO cool","joy"
"Yep. Learned my lesson this time.","realization"
"I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months","love"
"I just wish he got more screen time. Im enjoying this season but I feel like the huge cast of side characters get all the attention.","desire"
"Wow.....","surprise"
"And she will try so be careful op","nervousness"
"It is. I mean official translation is coming every 7 days, but leaks go day before (Korean)","realization"
"Wasn't me I'm the defensive [NAME]. But trust me we were all equally confused, and delighted.","disapproval"
"I don't think [NAME] gets enough hate for pushing that.","neutral"
"I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.","fear"
"The medical examiner's office was on-scene at the fire pit from the get-go......so far the investigations looks very different from the TH case.","confusion"
"glad to see youtubes "family friendly" robots have their priorities straight. ","excitement"
"Understood - PM was all gears and no downtime. Last thing I would want is another bloody job like that. Cheers","anger"
"I've heard some people get kinda homophobic with the grappling. Sucks when the crowd boo's","joy"
"The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.","joy"
"Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]","gratitude"
"You have to leave the house.","neutral"
"I mean, if it’s rotten food, especially fruit, mixed with various meats and maybe some seafood- you can get a pretty mean stench going. ","optimism"
"The thought of shooting anything at asylum seekers is appalling.","fear"
"To each according to their needs... Except entitled parents, who need everything.","neutral"
"Currently in chat right now BibleThump","neutral"
"I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.","disapproval"
"I just gave you a quote direct from the current finance minister regarding the supply. Get real, man.","annoyance"
"I would’ve preferred not to be vaxxed as a child, bc then I could’ve died by now","neutral"
"Much appreciated, do you not play often?","admiration"
"They could tag this for all of their videos. They are all gifts we do not deserve.","neutral"
"Looks like a poached egg.","approval"
"Better than just saying hey :)","approval"
"Yes, protecting women from sexual assault is offensive.","annoyance"
"*Whispers* I dunno man, it's a hard decision","annoyance"
"Open a ticket and wait. These next two weeks will be very telling. All we can do is wait.","neutral"
"Nah I like my pockets kief free","love"
" Luckily from him, there is no death penalty in Brazil and the maximum a person can serve in a Brazilian jail is 20 consecutive years. ","neutral"
"People are afraid of change. And being in a DB destroys your confidence and self esteem.","sadness"
"He looks like a Spanish Solly March, so I’ll assume he’s as average as Solly is. ","approval"
"i want my nuggs mom!","desire"
"Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season","admiration"
"A fellow [NAME] fan! 💗","excitement"
"this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot","disappointment"
"Hahahaha that one is my favorite [NAME] video","amusement"
"Looks a little flaccid there","neutral"
"The "people's assembly" is the latest ruse by neoliberals since they realised they have little chance of winning if another referendum was called.","neutral"
"If I could get to GC in 30 min instead of 57, well my life would truly change.","neutral"
"Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE","neutral"
"i didn't figure 3 or 5 hours would break us up","disapproval"
"Waited 4 months for trash. But hey I can drive the truck around and live out my can recycling fantasy.","neutral"
"If I hear "not sorry, [NAME]" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]","anger"
"[NAME] is like "Mine! AALLL MINE HAHAHA"","neutral"
"Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on","excitement"
"Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.","neutral"
"[NAME] also played CDM for [NAME] so I would take that CB thing with a pinch of salt...","approval"
"He a cute sneck","admiration"
"good luck. I'm hoping to get hrt this year and be a girl for my senior year.","optimism"
"Get off my property","anger"
"I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE","remorse"
"You’re argument is so bad you’re now asking people to deny common sense because you can’t prove your point LOL super pathetic","anger"
"I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service","love"
"The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].","neutral"
"this is awesome","admiration"
"I don’t like [NAME] As I love the 2nd amendment Can we stop him ?","love"
"Has there even been a time when a *good* Doxing happened? "We're going to find this guy and hug the crap outta him!"","annoyance"
"I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.","optimism"
"[NAME], what is the "short run" vs the "long run"?","confusion"
"Here we go boys. Have a good game","excitement"
"We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.","excitement"
"I almost wanted to ask him if it was worth it but I had to clean up his mess.","neutral"
"What the hell does metaphysics have to do with this? Also it’s a meme, get over yourself. ","annoyance"
"Yes, I dont trust people very much so I tend to push them away, and I feel like I dont have enough energy to keep up with people ","disapproval"
"Still undecided. May depend on how much an uber costs, lol.","confusion"
"Like an idiot.","annoyance"
"Hey man, its your roommate; I need to borrow your shaver!","neutral"
"How does that mean his brain is in my mouth, even when I used to work with a shotgun...","confusion"
"Had no idea Belgrade was suffering so","neutral"
"I’m glad I was able to find a recipe that allowed me to use my Christmas Gift cast iron skillet.","joy"
"You can do a blanket report for police to investigate. You don't have to say who you are.","neutral"
"I'm glad he's still watching","joy"
"This is something that's not brought up enough.","realization"
"Source? 😂","curiosity"
">it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?","neutral"
"I unintentionally read this from right to left this time, probably because I recognized this meme and know that it normally is the wrong way. I fooled myself ","pride"
"How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.","optimism"
"So glad I have a 20 minute walk to work up in the Bay Area.","gratitude"
"He had 2 years with full control and couldn’t get it passed...just remind them of that.","approval"
"I like were ur head is.","love"
""Until I lost my penis in a tragic balloon knotting accident"","neutral"
"Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.","caring"
"So I've never seen [NAME] before and decided to Google it out of curiosity... Cheers for that","curiosity"
"This is the most perfect thing I've ever seen. So many layers","admiration"
"I love Caribbean food! I'm adding this one to my list.","admiration"
"Does mainstream [NAME] == mainstream scholarly view?","realization"
"Enough shit comes out of his mouth, do we really need to put more back in?","curiosity"
"I agreed with your first point and then stated a statistic. My bad, awkward wording on my part.😢","annoyance"
"This happens all too much. The game cannot keep up with so many actions especially if ur ping is bad","neutral"
"It's like someone painted an abstract nightmare I had once.","admiration"
"Can't wait to die so I won't have to hear [NAME] breath in my ears 100 years from now.","annoyance"
"Yeah, but most people who have body pillows don't have girlfriends so can we really use this as a good example","approval"
"it looks like a vase to put things in!","neutral"
"Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense","annoyance"
"Not really, every other post is summit doing something. Gets boring. ","neutral"
"What’s the motive for doing this? To save on fuel by transporting as many people as possible in one go?","neutral"
"My names Welsh and only 5 letters and even that is too hard for most people.","neutral"
"This was all of my Junior history class","neutral"
"It's ridiculous people blind fellow faith here in algeria","annoyance"
"Head is cold because lack of volume blood flow up there.... (I have a beard!)","approval"
"well i am gonna have to try it now and will post it in /r/food","neutral"
"Oh goody, another idiot trying to tell other people what we believe. You are trolling, end of fact.","annoyance"
"And do they all follow her main account? See, she has fans, they just all happen to be her. Lol","joy"
"Yeah just like the Spider-sense, Preflexes can be tricked or only blares up at specific situational times. Bit inconsistent, those two.","disapproval"
"Dude you don't know what I wanted. [NAME] was very clearly a generational talent.","admiration"
"I'm not sure what you're speaking of, but I suspect it may be specific to your state.","confusion"
"He was so apologetic the bulls couldn’t bring themselves to it.","approval"
"Way too small, what a bummer. ","neutral"
"Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.","anger"
"I have to imagine the camera lens part is utter BS.","annoyance"
"Did people really go against [NAME] when he came out? I wasn't as in to his stuff at the time but I remember people being supportive.","disgust"
"I’m legit cracking up at the landlord part","approval"
"It doesn’t help","disapproval"
"I go to a neighborhood mexican restaurant monthly for the past 2.5 years, but nobody knows my name ☹","disappointment"
"Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system ","annoyance"
"That guy who said that it's a good idea to never smile towards women you like? Pass, the book was ultra-overrated ","admiration"
"This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!","gratitude"
"Everyone knows the original and true ending to dodgeball had [NAME] losing in the end.","approval"
"Does that violate the NAP or not, hmm🤔","confusion"
"I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.","disapproval"
"Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)","gratitude"
"This kid is a future serial killer.","optimism"
"It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.","admiration"
"Those are literally the only possibilities.","realization"
"Very surprised he didn't frog leap at the guy the close the distance","surprise"
"Oh no here come the fanboys and girls, dude... RUUUNNN","excitement"
"Is that how you handle things in Old Metairie? Cause that's definitely not how things were handled in NYC.","neutral"
"Haha Not like this in my experience, but I guess it's different in USA","neutral"
"> Wolf Hall Sounds interesting ! You've inadvertently led me down a rabbit hole of historical wikipedia pages now...","surprise"
"I guess as [NAME] grew up from ed edd n eddy, he uses plank as a weapon.","neutral"
"Nothing and I mean nothing will sway a trump supporter at this point","neutral"
"Gonna hang it in the grow tent for a few days with the lights off.","neutral"
"Actually, in some cases it's best certain people _don't_ think about the children..,,","neutral"
"How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant","sadness"
"Yeah my guess at this point is either a 2 year bridge or 8x8.","confusion"
"Oh man. You're the cutest.","admiration"
"Idk what's so unrealistic about it. [NAME] is probably just as close to [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] are.","confusion"
"I hope you have good people around to support one another.","caring"
"yeah. many people mentioned that. also Shield Brah questions beastmen racism .","neutral"
"Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!","neutral"
"That season 2 opener was great and completely unexpected.","admiration"
"I started following the Lions in 2001. Talk about a bad time to start following a franchise.","remorse"
"Not journalists...media activists.","neutral"
"[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no","anger"
"Hi baby!","admiration"
"Understood. Take care.","neutral"
"You are so pretty.","admiration"
"sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.","disappointment"
"As an anesthesia resident this made me blow air out my nose at an accelerated rate for several seconds. Take your damn upvote you bastard.","anger"
"The rest areas and truck stops are booming!","neutral"
"I live in those unfortunately","embarrassment"
"I've been watching him rant about it on twitter the past few days. I'm curious what his opinion on the game is outside the minigames.","curiosity"
"Irrational anger especially certain family members","annoyance"
"Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.","caring"
"screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. "I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up" Is a murder mishandling a situation?","fear"
"Apparently, his knees aren't as bad as we thought.","neutral"
"Go back to class and show you're English teacher yore post. They'd have notes for ewe.","neutral"
"It's pronounced hay-SOOS, thank you very much...","gratitude"
"Every team in the league is gonna call New Orleans...cause it’s [NAME].","neutral"
"Even assuming that it's possible to take nothing, god DAMN I feel bad for anyone that has to look at the second dude's head during sex","disappointment"
"Thanks for the link,much appreciated,great info you found.","gratitude"
"But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.","disappointment"
"162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol","amusement"
"[NAME]. Starring [NAME] as the goofy and lovable [NAME].","neutral"
"She said she was ok moving out ... now she isn’t. I have no idea.","confusion"
"Worst radio ever.","anger"
"Another pathetic PP.","neutral"
"That’s the way I interpreted it too, but i was laying in bed half asleep when I heard it, so I could be way off.","neutral"
"I am whelmed","neutral"
"then youll do just fine!","approval"
"Never. He cheated multiple times, and each time I had an idea before I had proof. Listen to your gut. ","disapproval"
"Boycott Gynolette!","neutral"
"The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.","admiration"
"I can’t imagine being this retired","confusion"
"He’s gone soon I would imagine, hope we can get a late-mid round pick for him, like a 5th","optimism"
"How to PRETEND to have ice powers? Wikihow, *do you think this is a fucking game?!*","confusion"
"Haven’t seen that movie either, haha. ","amusement"
"I agree. His own hair color is much better with his blue eyes.","approval"
"If you want an OG Dragon Ball rep then throw in Roshi","neutral"
"*Sweats in robot","neutral"
"So that’s why all of the lab work I get takes so long....","neutral"
"Her face oddly looks way narrower in this picture.","neutral"
"[NAME] is [NAME].","approval"
"it always depends on person and dosage. get products with only dex youll thank yourself for it.","neutral"
"This makes me so sad :’( Well done OP!","gratitude"
"I thought it described me perfectly well, almost scary accurate so I personally believe in it. At least for INTP.","optimism"
"it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right ","joy"
"Sure hope #4 includes subsidized housing. I'm terrified.","fear"
"[NAME] is INSTANT offense when he comes in. Dude is a spark plug out there every night.","admiration"
"I definitely wouldn’t do a role change at the tournament but definitely when they get home. I should’ve clarified that sry.","embarrassment"
"It's a statistically slightly worse ICR, take that as you will.","disapproval"
">it promotes the idea that an individual's vote doesnt matter An individual's vote doesn't matter, though. That's just fact. ","admiration"
"You bet, sweetie ;) But I date girls so don't get too excited <3","excitement"
"I'm just glad I've never heard of this game before otherwise this news would be disappointing.","surprise"
"Crash is probably my favorite specialist in this game, you get extra ammo, extra points and occasionally 50hp more from tak-5.","neutral"
"I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.","anger"
"I work for the Hilton company I’m disgusted they would let this happen outside one of their hotels if they had any ounce of control.","disgust"
"how do you feel about the possibility of the cowboys getting #6 before we do?","curiosity"
"Bet you don't even get £400, you probably only started this thread for some attention ","realization"
"That sounds like a lovely time :D","joy"
"I didn’t understand because it’s not dark mode","disapproval"
"That was painful to read.","grief"
"I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.","annoyance"
"Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.","confusion"
"This one is cute","amusement"
"I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.","remorse"
"Get the app - has your combat record and recent match stats..don’t understand the problem.","confusion"
"Hey, don't steal lmao","neutral"
"Everyone wants bama! I repeat everyone wants bama!","desire"
"Pure asshole.","annoyance"
"I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about","disappointment"
"It's like a car wreck. You can't look away.","caring"
"No I don't lose points from losing to someone I wouldn't get points from beating.","optimism"
"I appreciate the fact that you used your precious time to translate the meme in Latin.","admiration"
"Honestly the rarity is fine, I find it once every 25 games but the health needs work. ","approval"
"Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach","sadness"
"Thank you. It doesn't sound so bad, at least on paper.","gratitude"
"Yeah, not gonna happen. People need these things in their life to feel better about themselves.","disappointment"
"I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.","fear"
"I think you might waive your right to sue if you say "apologize or I will sue" and then the party apologizes.","approval"
">We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews","optimism"
"I see you with Zangetsu, and I like it","admiration"
"Another fun fact is that the survivors present at the campfire are the ones you most recently played as.","neutral"
"Just take antidepressants that take away the urge completely","approval"
"Why would you assume he wasn’t in on the decision?","neutral"
"maybe post the article since it's already out lol","optimism"
"Who cares, you’re just showing what a racist pos you are. Carry on doing our work for us.","anger"
"Isn’t it against company policy to sell things in the store that have nothing to do with Starbucks","disapproval"
"Faze might tbh","neutral"
"I did find most of it to be not so fun so I got into the JOI stuff and that helps a lot","disapproval"
"Screw that psycho lady. [NAME] is ridiculously adorable, OP, please give him gentle head pats from me!","admiration"
"Awesome me too, can't wait.","admiration"
""These people didn't go to my church therefore they are demonic"","anger"
"I try to get close but I get pushed away. I try to back away and now I've just backed away.","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] me too 😂","approval"
"I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.","sadness"
"He doesn't actually run a 4.49. It's a little deceiving because he's pretty sneaky, so I can understand you being confused.","approval"
"True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.","approval"
"[NAME] a filthy commie statist who wants to take your guns, has no idea how economics works, and has the morals of a left-wing welfare degenerate. ","neutral"
"She's probably had to delete it all now the police are involved, they will be using it as evidence ","approval"
"Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!","anger"
"Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for","joy"
"If everyone is wrong I'll still point out that everyone is wrong, doesn't matter.","approval"
"Break ups are hard. Hope you feel better.","desire"
"Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.","disapproval"
"You're the reason Publix was out of meatballs today. Hmph!","neutral"
"We must know if we are to be betrayed or abandoned","approval"
"Canaryproject.org is great. They hold people accountable for saying horrible racist things.","neutral"
"Ok good. Thanks for letting me know. I’m not very experienced with Reddit’s messaging/chat so I wasn’t sure.","gratitude"
"I’m excited!","excitement"
"Same except I also love the taste and meal options of meat. I could never do the veggie thing.","disappointment"
"Hmm, I didn't notice that change ... will pay attention ..","neutral"
"If he doesn’t give it a ten I’m gonna riot","annoyance"
"Currently in Cali, jobs pay more so it works out, big problem is the fires in the cheaper areas :/","neutral"
"The StackExchange network might have turned into an elitist playground but it's damn good for finding a fix for your problems.","caring"
"P o R Z I n G I S","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] you idiot","anger"
"What was the "injustice?" Nothing happened to him. Assuming his story was not hugely exaggerated to fit the victim card.","anger"
"I hope it sticks for a while. I don’t have super even skin but I can’t stand wearing foundation.","approval"
"I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)","excitement"
"They were really supportive!","approval"
"I find one at least one mermaid every 2-4 islands Sometimes 2 mermaids an island","neutral"
"New year home boy. You can still change. If not, 2020 is your time to shine boiii","joy"
"We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.","gratitude"
"Thank you for your service","gratitude"
"The fact that they're flying their drone in the rain gives me anxiety.","nervousness"
"The god of metal does not approve","neutral"
"All I said was hey [NAME], I’m a big fan from reddit... Can I have some of your hair?","admiration"
"Or maybe now you know what to talk about before getting married !","neutral"
"This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!","disapproval"
"Makes me want to break out my 'learn to use my SLR properly' resolution again.. more time commitment tbh. Great shot.","admiration"
"Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.","joy"
"I love [NAME]. I hope she can hold on in 2020.","love"
"If anything [NAME] has shown he can do a lot with very little. The Bucs are just a fun team to watch","amusement"
"[NAME] needs to be moved up to second place and [NAME] needs to be under jay lmao [NAME] should be moved up too","approval"
"Hardly heard anyone I know talk about it but Damnation was amazing.","admiration"
"Thanks for cheering me up!?","gratitude"
"If I may suggest patience, if your data is still there, you might want to read a little before open heart surgery. ","realization"
"And yet the next time [NAME] stirs the pot with some stunt like this it'll get major traction AGAIN.","approval"
"Haha, well it sounds like its done too good of a job!","excitement"
"Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.","relief"
"But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.","disapproval"
"nice one! but it‘s a much more underground one I think","admiration"
"I've never been so proud of humanity.","annoyance"
"😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*","remorse"
"Its like you are flexing that you have gf ,when most of people here doesnt have that feeling","approval"
"I don't see anything","neutral"
"Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”","embarrassment"
"I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.","neutral"
"It's on netflix","neutral"
"Guess you don’t understand that the Citizens United vs FEC ruling came around 26 years after [NAME] was president.","neutral"
"ye but that is fucking [NAME]... there is a diffrence between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is good but he is no [NAME] ;)","admiration"
"She ran a laughably bad Senate campaign in 2014 and hasn’t gotten positive PR since. Not too worried.","disappointment"
"You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.","annoyance"
"that's so sweet","approval"
"Wouldn’t doubt its for good reasons, just didn’t understand what the were.","neutral"
"Yay, congratulations! :D","joy"
"Personally, I prefer my seafood not tainted by oil spills. But you do you!","curiosity"
"I was killed by him I didn’t actually run. By the time he got back he wasn’t there","neutral"
"To each according to their needs... Except entitled parents, who need everything.","sadness"
"Astounding. People died. And the church's response is "Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"","gratitude"
"I mean it certainly is a ritual so to speak.","neutral"
"I thought this was going to be a fierce, competitive game... how wrong I was.","disappointment"
"Kings fan here, good luck to you guys! Will be an interesting game to watch! ","admiration"
"Yes, I’m aware. [NAME] loves LA and he isn’t worth 18 mil so he’d gladly take it.","neutral"
"I bet you 1 reddit gold that [NAME] and [NAME] have a better combined ERA than [NAME] and [NAME] in 2019. Barring any major injuries","neutral"
"Cheers mate for the correction, i saw Prestigeiskey's vid and couldnt remember exactly when but knew its coming sooner than later. ","neutral"
"Yup. Lol","amusement"
"Don't forget [NAME] 3 whole days as an esthestician (or however it's spelt).","neutral"
"Evil man.","neutral"
"They are awesome!","admiration"
"The "people's assembly" is the latest ruse by neoliberals since they realised they have little chance of winning if another referendum was called.","realization"
"are they worried their dog will get autism or something?","confusion"
"I'M NOT CRYING YOU ARE","neutral"
"What is the point of this app? Not much is given on their page on the app store other than "fun"","curiosity"
"The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety","excitement"
"I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man. ","annoyance"
"Sure it's okay. Very sorry for your loss. Your dad's posts kept me coming back here when I was just a lurker. Much appreciation.","gratitude"
"[NAME] what an asshole.","anger"
"I don't care it's amazing there lol","admiration"
"[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety","remorse"
"How did you get them for free?","neutral"
"Electrical malfunction... suddenly exposed.","neutral"
"Seriously. The only thing that gave it away was no spelling errors.","neutral"
"Oh cool! I don’t drink, but I’m sure a store would have some ready to throw out or something!","approval"
"You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.","disapproval"
"For her? Nah","neutral"
"BECAUSE THERE IS A SHUTDOWN ATTACHED TO IT! HOW DO YOU NOT GET THAT?","confusion"
"They are too busy getting murdered and mugged to give a crap about all these vigalantes","neutral"
"Yea I have Columbia not peoples. Though I don’t think the therm price is much different","neutral"
"I live in Raleigh and all the Canes fans I know love it. So the players love it and the fans love it. Everyone else can chill","approval"
"Oh dear, you are entertaining. Please, talk more to me. ","amusement"
"As you wish the hard path is a good one :)","approval"
"Buttons by PCD. I never stopped playing that song during summer of 2006.","annoyance"
"So very sweet! Brotherly love","love"
"Meh 2 years of bad teams under [NAME] coming off of 3 straight great years wasnt so bad. The 00's were far worse.","neutral"
"That reminds me of this","neutral"
"Thank you, man🌱","gratitude"
"Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!","approval"
"I don't think any [RELIGION] woman would care about such a thing. If they did then they have their own problems.","disapproval"
"Hope all is well now xo","neutral"
"O no shes gonna go after mandy","neutral"
"I'm hoping it turns out and theres something of value but these type of things spark up from time to time so time will tell.","approval"
"Please tell me that's not real... I haven't played the Assassin's Creed games... But do they really include such an obnoxious disclaimer?","curiosity"
"that's the spirt! *come to the dark side my child, embrace your hate*","neutral"
"mayhaps (I do not know what you mean)","confusion"
"He's been holding back for the last 2.5 years. Seems to find it easy for some reason...","neutral"
"Thank you. Message me.","gratitude"
"Not what I wanted to read today. :(","neutral"
"That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care","anger"
"Happy Cake Day Ph_Dank! Today is your day. Dance with fairies, ride a unicorn, swim with mermaids, and chase rainbows.","excitement"
"Oh? There's financial trouble in heaven? Lol","amusement"
"what are the actual odds of getting #1 pick? anyone know?","neutral"
"Yeah I think it's up near beaches or something, I don't really go up that area ","confusion"
"Spider Man is pretty awesome.","excitement"
"Please don’t marry this man-child.","neutral"
">[NAME] dead body lie the mud and she have smug face because she had her revenge against [NAME] What scene was this?","curiosity"
"Man I am so happy for [NAME], they are selling out. Personally there is no way I would be able to afford them for 38$","admiration"
"Good to know my paranoia has paid off haha, and same, sooo many snacks.","amusement"
"They think they're so special 😂 I usually end up saying "oh wow another one!"","amusement"
"Well thats a rare opinion of Earth X.","neutral"
"I love the wire, never sad any thing bad about it just that it's from two decades ago","admiration"
"Well, that sucks","disgust"
"This has been largely disproven. [NAME] had no problem dropping the bomb and knew it wouldn't change the outcome of the war.","approval"
"I doubt that [NAME] cares.","caring"
"Its not the best state But its better than most states.","admiration"
"How old are you?","curiosity"
"Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af","anger"
"I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!","surprise"
"Yeah, right.","approval"
"Just rumors online, it most likely won't happen","optimism"
"But it saved people with even more money lots of money. The owners of the teams.","caring"
"If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.","sadness"
"[NAME] looks great in a dress 👍","approval"
"I actually realize this today. Woke up, swept the floor and the bathroom, have being amazing all day long.","amusement"
""[NAME] ***WHO***?!!" --Miss [NAME]","neutral"
"They are super super awkward.","embarrassment"
"Yes, good communication is key and we all see the world through our own unique perspective. Thanks for sharing!","approval"
"Done Please spread the word. Invit your friends","admiration"
"No, I'm anti racism.","disapproval"
"Thank you for not making a cake day shit post","gratitude"
"We’re playing well, except for a 2 minute stretch. As is tradition","admiration"
"Which part do you not understand?","confusion"
"I sure hope so! Smug bastards!","anger"
"I’ve never been punched by a kangaroo, so we’re even.","relief"
"That might have been a pickup attempt. It was a golden opportunity for a line","admiration"
"I'm guessing [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] needs to remove that stick up her ass.","neutral"
"Good luck with writing in the future :D Everyone has to have their critics...right?","anger"
"We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.","disappointment"
"Paying respects?","confusion"
"Ok I'm pretty sure [NAME] has been part of the main cast since episode 1...","neutral"
"Real paying customers never need to remind you of that fact. Tresspass her out of your shop, she wasn't going to buy anything anyway.","approval"
"I thought this was an obvious gimme in the first place.","confusion"
"That's cute","admiration"
"Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.","love"
"Please remove the initials at the subscribers to /r/feet, but I have sand in the hopes that someone called him out.","desire"
"[NAME] is not our biggest need. [NAME] would be a waste for us. [NAME] is a maybe to me, but [NAME] could be beastly.","realization"
"What a career for TBA. Started on the wing for Qld in 2002 and now playing at prop for the Indigenous side 17 years later.","admiration"
"Eesh, really sorry for your loss.","sadness"
"Awe your such a big boy","neutral"
"Could Unity not sue the author for giving instructions on how to illegally obtain their product?","confusion"
"Pot meet kettle. I don't enjoy having the last word as much as I enjoy you not having it. It seems pretty important to you.","joy"
"*I bring you Love!*","approval"
"Oh look, this entire account was made to link to a store that sells this mug.","neutral"
"Excuse you, rice is the best food. Rice is love, rice is life.","admiration"
"Gotta love that good old libertarian to fascist pipeline.","annoyance"
"Even if it’s available 24/7 on your new website 99% of it is ugly so people still won’t buy it.","disgust"
"Oh that's cheating then lol","amusement"
"You sound like you’re the one that needs a safe space (and a Depends change)","approval"
"Yeah, no problem. My mindset is if you aren’t bothering me or anyone else for that matter, then I don’t really care lol","annoyance"
"Their fault for being so tasty","sadness"
"I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.","realization"
"i wish i got free drugs :(","neutral"
"That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close","fear"
"Point is to hold you to some standard of evidence Eggy - this is self-pitying tosh.","neutral"
"Wallah Lmao It's "voila"","amusement"
"This happened at my local Odeon last night. The amount of confused faces was kinda funny to watch.","amusement"
"I know, that's why I said one of the reasons. The main reason is his uselessness when your team is bad","disapproval"
"Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration. ","annoyance"
"Kids at heart.","caring"
"Oh it is going to be glorious.","admiration"
"I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks "by-my-self" is how to write that.","sadness"
"Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma. ","disappointment"
"I can't believe [NAME] is considered an mua and he can find match his foundation lmao","disapproval"
"Happy Birthday!","neutral"
"[NAME] back with the Goal Post love.","neutral"
"What ocean are you on? Around these parts they are kind of barren.","curiosity"
"Fun fact. If you combined North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana into one state it would have roughly the same population as Puerto Rico!","amusement"
"even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win","admiration"
"Oh look, it's alive. Who here secretly fed it?","surprise"
"Music and getting outside really helps me, even if I’m not sober. Cheers.","excitement"
"Psst, your spoiler tag is busted. Don't leave spaces between the ! and your text.","annoyance"
"Translation: "I don't think restaurant employees should be allowed to express frustration under any circumstances."","neutral"
"In just 1 Year the user who posted this got a lot of karma... interesting...","neutral"
""My [NAME], protect the precious" *HISSS* r/gamegrumps right now","neutral"
"Nope. That’s a really inaccurate, misleading headline.","realization"
"Ok I was wondering thank you I seen alot of different "opinions" on it .","curiosity"
"Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day","caring"
"Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]","disgust"
"5 minutes... 300 COMMENTS! gg [NAME]","neutral"
"That’s not the vaccines fault champ.....","approval"
"[NAME] damn son. the fact that you said "re-education" made this 5x better too lmao ","amusement"
"Whistler Medical, Broken Coast, and 7 Acres... looks to be the top 3 rec producers right now.","approval"
"[NAME] is great","admiration"
"It did. MM used way more textures than Ocarina.","neutral"
"Lol dream on buddy. You’ve had enough attention today. Actually learn what your talking about helps a lot. Sorry your stuck in free roam smokin crack","amusement"
"If you ram it just right, you can ram it all night!","caring"
"Calm down [NAME].","admiration"
"It'll be hard to surive on that wage in Vancouver. It's expensive AF here.","neutral"
"I don't know any but my own I'm afraid.","fear"
"im sure it's a real slap in the face","anger"
"Yes!! There are some great step parents on the show!!","admiration"
"Oh no! People will be able to protect themselves!","realization"
"I mean it’s a default subreddit soooo... not really saying much lol","amusement"
"Then you should lawyer up","neutral"
"The only difference between [RELIGION] and [RELIGION] in this regard is that on average [RELIGION] are poorer and browner","neutral"
"Damn [NAME] let himself go","annoyance"
"I honestly don't understand why everyone thinks he needs a rework because he's not "fun to play" in the worst game mode.","confusion"
"It's great having both [NAME] and [NAME]","admiration"
"The mods deleted it I'm sorry","remorse"
"That's my plan!","approval"
"But would the flashing swastikas be unexpected, if you already predicted them?","confusion"
"I tend to organize better with top stocker but big shit won't fit on them","neutral"
"Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of","approval"
"Oh well, okay, it worked!","pride"
"My favourite is when [NAME] was getting ready to be taken out of her house, but she had to have a bowl of Froot Loops first.","neutral"
"lol, Cause everyone knows that you lean on the Bow. What bow skin is that?","neutral"
"I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]","desire"
"LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed","amusement"
"Would love to donate as well!","gratitude"
"Cat noise was added in apparently. Still great video.","admiration"
"If if just didn't have the punchline poisoning title...","disapproval"
"Which sex communicates better? Typically women. Don't judge this guy like your girlfriends. he sounds pretty normal to me.","realization"
"Statute of limitations was up by the time I had a backbone","neutral"
"Awesome. Never get sick of hearing stories like that","admiration"
"This is a thing of beauty","admiration"
"you dare diss mini-me like that huh [NAME] gonna come and shoot you with his "laser beam"","amusement"
"If they want to attack [RELIGION] they should be honest with the website title Imagine a [RELIGION] creating a website and calling it WikiChristianity and constantly attack [RELIGION].","desire"
"sorry im deaf i can’t hear you","remorse"
"I just use undercrackers or crackers. Knickers/panties sounds weird when I say it","neutral"
"hello there, i sent some hugs your way. ^.^","love"
"Your manager sounds like an idiot. Not saying he/she is. Just sounds like it from this.","disapproval"
"I think he is dead but he died long before the supposed raid. He was old and sick, dying of kidney failure.","neutral"
"But.. but... but... my kneejerk feefees! He, um, offended, and my rights, and RACIST!","annoyance"
"Never liked hip hop. Grew up around gangster life style, hated it. I also laugh at the "mythology" that grew up around it. ","amusement"
"You have no idea what you unleashed","neutral"
"Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.","disappointment"
"This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out ","excitement"
"Alleviate' meaning what? Make my working life suck less?","confusion"
"Listen to yourself. What other things do u want to shove down the throats of others in the name of tolerance and humanity? [NAME].","approval"
"Fucking parking in the middle of the street through the entire strip of Allegheny","anger"
"I want this poster so bad.","disapproval"
"I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet","disapproval"
"Wow what a surprise...","surprise"
"Exactly why my money goes to more guns and ammo.","neutral"
"Reverse racism is just racism","neutral"
"Wow she sounds like fun","amusement"
"Wow no wonder everyone is driving mopeds around. That's all there's room for.","surprise"
"It's not even the ads. It's the complete lack of anything worth watching between the ads.","disgust"
"Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach","neutral"
"Rich is also a name","neutral"
"Why they don't just stream these games with autodirector on is beyond me. plenty of people would be happy to watch that...","optimism"
"If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.","optimism"
"Cute pupper 😍😍😍","admiration"
"I swear y’all will spin it anyway to make it seem like nylander is doing everything correctly lmao","neutral"
"A friend calls this shadow work. I think you're right. It takes a lot of courage and persistence.","approval"
"I really havent found any of these so far that funny. Although his backflips and other stuff are pretty impressive","admiration"
"no u again","neutral"
"Please come and visit again soon! Have a safe flight!","gratitude"
"I've seen her somewhere before","confusion"
"I think all of our assets will end up in India to a dead guy!","realization"
"Omg is that cesspool where he lives?! Barf! 🤢🤢🤢🤢","curiosity"
"Have fun toasting expired marshmallows in hell, lady-killer POS.","neutral"
"You should. Come on man.","neutral"
"We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.","realization"
"Me too, buddy. ","approval"
"> Origin Peak is a volcanic island less than 2000 years old! Volcanoes can appear VERY quickly...","neutral"
"It's probably easier when you're given all the money and connections you need without doing anything worthwhile to earn it.","gratitude"
"But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(","neutral"
"It's on here daily. Karma whores eh?","annoyance"
"Plus there's this expectation/trope of flowers sent to workplace being a way for someone who's fucked up to apologize (which is icky as hell but whatever)","anger"
"That’s cheating, gotta make a decision ","neutral"
"doh, i think i lost mine. ","neutral"
"That was a bad fastbreak lol","amusement"
"[NAME] is so goddamn good","admiration"
"of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.","disapproval"
"Is there much of a population? I wanted to play it back in The day and then they changed it into an almost entirely new game.","confusion"
"This is beautifully written.","admiration"
"Now look what you've done.","neutral"
"Or 16th if you're on console.","caring"
"Love when [NAME] goes for those big hits","love"
"To think that Doom GOATs isn't even EM's strongest form...damn, no wonder the [NAME] are 100% on EM","annoyance"
"I'm just really sad all that cake was wasted.","disappointment"
"Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.","anger"
"[NAME] needs to slow things down there.. ffs","annoyance"
"[NAME] doesn’t care if you drink tea. I would tell him how you feel. Keeping you in my thoughts.","disapproval"
"Trust me dude, switch to stick deodorant and cologne.","caring"
"[NAME] is so frisky this season.","excitement"
"Okay, fair enough, though the vid worried me about the level of grinding in the game","embarrassment"
"Probably [NAME] tbh. I feel like what [NAME] did in the long run was a bit scummier, not by much tho.","neutral"
"I don't think so. [NAME] can't even stand, how can he fuck? ","disapproval"
"She can take her boring, drunk husband with her. He's not interesting at all.","caring"
"For reference","neutral"
"im glad that's not what the game is about then","joy"
"Thanks for the recommendations!","gratitude"
"And AI will somehow be magically more disruptive than the industrial revolution. Because... reasons.","neutral"
"i’d put forth that lots of people ACTIVELY DISLIKE dating and like being in relationships, so this wouldn’t help at all ","optimism"
"My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”","love"
"Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.","joy"
"I need this in my veins now.","desire"
"What doesn't exist? You won't even say what you mean by the term.","curiosity"
"Honestly, I dont see it. Like, at all","disapproval"
"Lol I’d leave my work phone off and be like, nope didn’t see any calls lol","amusement"
"Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?","caring"
"You mean by number of military personnel? Because if you go by navy size or budget that's not even remotely true","neutral"
"I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.","love"
"LOL, had me confused for a second. Didn't realize you had responded to another comment of mine as well. ","amusement"
"Yes, the Raptors need to stop committing dumb fouls.","anger"
"This is straight up depressing","sadness"
"I love this! 🇦🇺","love"
"Was anyone on just now, and got booted from the server? It now looks like both servers are down, both are 9999 ping for me.","neutral"
"Your lost.","disappointment"
"Messaging you as well.","neutral"
"Oooooooo, definitely agree on [NAME].","neutral"
"It’s really sad to see","sadness"
" Therapy really is the only way. It's not easy, but maybe therapy will help you learn to love yourself enough to love someone else one day. ","admiration"
"Hot damn... we're going to Sea World!","excitement"
"there is also r/foreskin because why not","neutral"
"Can’t relate","disapproval"
"i should just quit yikes","approval"
"Genuinely curious, what year do you think we're in right now?","curiosity"
"Like all mavs fans... [NAME] its not a rookie anymore xD","neutral"
"The secondhand panic and embarrassment I feel from this is astounding","embarrassment"
"I love this guy. He does amazing impersonations. Thanks for sharing.","admiration"
"Missed the beginning of the game, cheers or boos for [NAME]? I'm assuming cheers, but you never know in MTL","confusion"
"I mean all of those countries were doing really well before the US stepped anywhere near them... Press X to doubt","annoyance"
"Of fucking course it is...","anger"
"No, its protecting my right to vote. By not allowing people who don't have the right to vote, to in fact vote.","approval"
"I’m glad I didn’t try this cleanup method when I had serious depression","joy"
"Only bet on games you like. Sometimes go a couple days without action. Betting just for the sake of staking something is never smart.","neutral"
"I see lotsa [NAME] I’m proud","admiration"
"Tsunderes never work","annoyance"
"The internet never disappoints.","neutral"
"By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will "dunk" them in the first round","anger"
"What about hot water?","curiosity"
"This isn’t a “someone” this is a company.","disapproval"
"I hope he isn't scared to over power the thibs guys on the coaching staff. It seems like he is a hestitant to make any major changes.","caring"
"I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.","admiration"
"There was a commercial about men encouraging other men not to perpetuate toxic masculinity. Of course the Republicans felt it was condescending and anti-men.","neutral"
"I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet","realization"
"Being compared to [NAME] is a compliment because he’s funnier than I’ll ever be soooo","amusement"
"Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.","realization"
"Despite having lived here for 10 years, i've never been to portillos, and given this, it's somewhat unlikely i start going now...","confusion"
"Thanks I was worried that I might die alone","fear"
"Qwertyuiop makes for a great snack though","admiration"
"I spent the entire time trying not to yell at the TV. [NAME] and [NAME] can fuck right off.","anger"
"This sounds interesting","curiosity"
"Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :)","admiration"
"we're getting our top men right on that.","realization"
"Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol","amusement"
"In hindsight, yeah, but we had a healthy [NAME] at that point.","admiration"
"Is that proving Jewishness for Halakha or for the [RELIGION] Agency?","curiosity"
"Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure","realization"
"Honestly if you put it in your head that it won't it'll just be a pleasant surprise if he does","realization"
"TBH I was worried he actually hurt [NAME]. Glad everyone is ok.","fear"
"But primarily, you think external factors are a bigger factor. It's true, after all. ","neutral"
"Really good point here. Thanks.","amusement"
"Is this a joke..?","confusion"
"They are, our cows actually eat grass... and, no corn starch. ","neutral"
"Your part of the problem why autism isn't taken seriously","curiosity"
"damn those unlimited lorries. Must be in a hurry to get back to Cork.","disappointment"
"He is warped by porn. He's got a problem","sadness"
"The dashcam only proves that someone inside that vehicle was angry. It barely proves a gun was fired, let alone at someone.","neutral"
"I know it's Nightengale but he's saying upwards of 12/350.. ya no thanks.","approval"
"You’re right to defend your property is more valuable than the person who’s trying to steal it.","realization"
"[NAME] milquetoast reformism is still too radical for Wall Street.","neutral"
"This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.","fear"
"I mentioned it was only for three weeks. I know it’s not over yet.","neutral"
"As long as the minority aren't "minorities" I don't see the problem. /s","disapproval"
"but then you have it stick to your lips and give you one of those cold-sore lookin' burns.","neutral"
"This would be a good thing. I want capitalism to die.","annoyance"
"I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky","caring"
"She's just going to suck you back in.","amusement"
"Of course man, I really appreciate this. But it's okay, I can just message you through here. It's fine:)","admiration"
"[NAME] has to have a shot. Tough son of a bitch. Also [NAME] = [NAME].","anger"
"best joke ever ahahahhahahahahahaha","admiration"
"Why'd I get downvoted? Am I not allowed to watch Spider-man?","annoyance"
"They aren't short either though. There's no hot 5'4 guy in hollywood that most women would swoon for.","neutral"
"It scares me that left to right is also possible for anyone","fear"
"What a horrible person","fear"
"[NAME] has had a great game so far. Really promising.","admiration"
"Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)","gratitude"
"What the heck?!","neutral"
"You need to tell her, and make sure she knows it’s not your kid. You went through with a dna test right?","annoyance"
"*scoff* maybe you can’t. /s","neutral"
"It's called Middle Class Syndrome. "Bad things happen to *other people*."","neutral"
"She just likes to fight, don’t worry about her. She crazy! ","approval"
"Wow i've sat like all of those","joy"
"Galaxy brained hot take Your IQ must be near [NAME] levels of hyperinteligence","admiration"
"The funny/awful part is how well [NAME] works photoshopped in.","joy"
"It's some freaky stuff for sure!! How legitimate do you speculate the experiments are?","curiosity"
"SHUUUUUT UP THIS IS TOO TRUE","anger"
"Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there","anger"
"This is not r/lostredditors material if we just try to find something stupid on it.","annoyance"
"I’m so excited for next season. My expectations are slowly climbing.","excitement"
"Or Not my policy *Gets beaten up*","neutral"
"Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.","grief"
"Thank you, that's very good to know!","gratitude"
"That's adorable!","admiration"
"Your comment has been removed for containing a slur. Avoid using t- in the future.","neutral"
"I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad","desire"
"TIL that [NAME] is a guy.","annoyance"
"No problem! Happy to help :)","caring"
"How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.","neutral"
"Gonna warn you, that path is a lot more dangerous than you would think...","caring"
"How many troops in Syria?","neutral"
"This is awesome. Always been wanting more historically accurate representations of ancient Chinese military equipment and soldiers and not the almost fantasy level stuff seen in drama's.","admiration"
"Was [NAME] ranking revealed today? had him in the 90’s IIRC.","curiosity"
"Would you move your car if told not to drive?","neutral"
"Ik these are great!","admiration"
"Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)","caring"
"This is so sweet and it makes me so happy. But also so sad because I hate seeing families torn apart.","disapproval"
"I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.","anger"
"Or SFO. The only one that comes close is SEA and it’s a looooot smaller.","disappointment"
"Where do I sign up, then? Haha.","amusement"
"Fair point.","approval"
"You’re the coward! I was the second man to walk on the moon. NEIL BEFORE ME.","anger"
"Just said so casually...lol!","amusement"
"Girlfriend is straight off of Shop Hush social app and onto reddit. Someone tell her, its slightly embarrassing.","embarrassment"
"So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world. ","anger"
"I'll take the downvotes and agree with you. Some of the ugliest looking things I've ever seen. Absolutely disgusting aesthetic.","disgust"
"“Oh hey, I think a second ago [NAME] just put a move on [NAME]! Oh boy I wonder how that was.”","excitement"
"It’s not false like I said he’s implied it but he probably said it behind closed doors before","neutral"
"No, i'm arguing that if she calls someone disgusting for how they act it's wrong to act like the other person is an asshole for retaliating. ","anger"
"We haven’t heard from you in a while. Hopefully you and your kids are doing well.","optimism"
"Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.","surprise"
""*[NAME], what's your favourite 80s band?*" "*New ORDERRRR!*"","curiosity"
"*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.","annoyance"
"Is it that common? Here on the tube on London there is barely room to breathe let alone spin so I guess we avoid this kind of crap","approval"
"Hence I used "weird". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up.","disapproval"
"She looks like she has a broomstick stuck in her butt :( queen deserves better","sadness"
"I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of","fear"
"The arch is so cool. I love St Louis","approval"
"i like that she's just kind of meeting people and dating. I wouldn't even really call it a triangle tbh.","love"
"jokic with a couple dumb arm fouls already, he seems a tad unsettled","disapproval"
"I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!","anger"
"Imagine living your daily life with a mummy leg.","optimism"
"They didn’t even ask about her in the phone call. Does that not seem just a tiny bit odd to you? HONEST ANSWER PLEASE","neutral"
"My baby niece does this. She fell down a couple stairs in her time and now is real careful with them","realization"
"Crowder is terrible... How do you lose that gunfight or not have the common sense to just run away","fear"
"Will be when we organise a run on the banks and hopefully take the only thing Westminster cares about away from them.","caring"
"Only 7? Wow he's slacking. He must not have very faithful parishioners.","surprise"
"Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.","excitement"
"This literally broke my heart","disappointment"
"Because it's not mildlyinfuriating that you have to ask strangers to not be assholes?","anger"
"Pretty much. Him and [NAME] will share ball handling duties. Point Lance and Point Outlaw in the house","optimism"
"Funny they put her between [NAME] and [NAME] as well.","amusement"
"China cheating the rest of the world is horrible for the economy and society.","disgust"
"She is during her week of taking sugar pills. Yea I do wish she had mentioned it anyway, I can’t sleep","caring"
"Only people who think they’re better than they are blame their losses on a grenade in the game.","disapproval"
"I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.","sadness"
"Whoa I'm impressed he returned the pillow to its original spot. Awesome parenting.","admiration"
"[NAME] career ended after he broke his foot when he kicked a seat while blacked out on a party after a Vikings game.","neutral"
"I agree and I’m a man haha","amusement"
"I watched the bomb episode today! [NAME] reaction is totally something I would do/say.","amusement"
"This stuff is very effective tho its weird smoking the quarter of a gram gets you going","approval"
"That’s! How you defeat a bear!!!!","curiosity"
"Thimerosal isn't even in vaccines anymore, due to the controversy. ","neutral"
"now youre literally just spouting talking points. its almost like youre just here to promote a political party.","annoyance"
"Looks like you clipped my own games. It’s bad lately.","anger"
"Underrated comment.","approval"
"We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf","annoyance"
"/s right?","neutral"
"Yeah the question makes no sense without more context.","annoyance"
"GOW always had combat challenges, they just inegrated it more seemlessly this time, instead of having it in a seperate mode in the menu.","neutral"
"I'm no cosplayer, but that [NAME] needs some work.","optimism"
"Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.","annoyance"
"Whataboutism then. Some of the worst I've seen at that too.","embarrassment"
"Because its creepy and weird","disgust"
"if its not obvious everyone is having issues with this scam site","realization"
"She... Replied to a guy in a screenshot... That's just pure stupidity.","neutral"
"I can't believe he got it while getting man-handled by two players!!","surprise"
"Agree 100% I guess I'm just happy to see anyone, even total scumbags, willing to criticize dear leader. ","joy"
"Lips are the key to crumb containment.","neutral"
"Thanks [NAME]!","gratitude"
"[NAME]? He doesn't steal it, and he acts like shep in me2. But yeah, the picture looks like [NAME], more than a femshep. ","realization"
"“I don’t care if you are 11 or 12 years old.” Lol what?","amusement"
"LOL, I suppose so. All I'm saying is that... you can have a person and make them appealing too.","amusement"
"Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.","disappointment"
"We got a great view around 9pm before the rain!","approval"
"No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.","approval"
"It’s always entertaining watching people in the background semi-dance, while being painfully aware that they’re on camera","admiration"
"Korean is not that hard of a language as far as foreign languages go anyway Hahahahahaha, how long have you been studying for?","amusement"
"Good to see [NAME] getting some love.","love"
"Hello to fellow blue haired people!","neutral"
"Immigants! Even when it was the bears, I knew it was dem!","neutral"
"...a golden sex toy?","neutral"
"This is his reaction to being crucified:","neutral"
"I would also like to know the answer to this. Thanks for posting!","approval"
"He looks like bob saget","neutral"
"I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed ","realization"
"Where have I seen this before? Oh [NAME].","confusion"
"Now you move onto personal insults. Well done O king of the waffles. Once again using a word (nuance) with no context. Bored now.","annoyance"
"Wow two shitty reactions out of order, judging by the way [NAME] looks at you the sweetest.","disgust"
"Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.","anger"
"Well for the relative dying, they can think the problem of evil is a contradiction and therefore not believe. That's legitimate","disapproval"
"Well that made me want to continue to live in Alberta.","optimism"
"Wtfr*ck [NAME] would never say n word !","neutral"
"Listen carefully and watch me wink as I speak. The guy I'm really looking for, *wink*, is Mr. [NAME], *wink wink*.","approval"
"Because he doesn't need to compensate for anything.","neutral"
"Is this in response to something that you've noticed about or just a general statement?","approval"
"They lost because they didn't run a leftist at all","disappointment"
"[NAME] dude... Hasn't anyone ever told you... Never trust a crackhead NEVER! ","disappointment"
"And her face too colt bites his finger nails it says","neutral"
"This episode also had the segment where a paralized [NAME] communicates by farting. So, yes it is the worst. Lisa Goes Gaga is a close second.","disapproval"
"I am so upset for you and your family. She knew what she was doing, which makes this even more horrifying.","caring"
"Thank you, I've been looking for this forever.","gratitude"
"dudes jelly. keep your distance.","neutral"
"Think he's trying to put pressure on him to accept a pay cut.","neutral"
"2010: The Year We Made the Super Bowl","neutral"
"GIVE ME A WAY TO AVOID MAPS PLEASE I BEG YOU I DON'T WANT TO PLAY THIS GARBAGE GAMEMODE ANYMORE","desire"
"She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.","admiration"
"More interested in getting responses to my questions rather than cryptic clues! Not sure of the relevance of your question.","annoyance"
"What? Who said I hated him? I dont give a damn about him either way.","disgust"
"2 years down the road (that is, now) every Uber driver complaining about how they re exploited and blackmailed and can't make ends meet.","neutral"
"We say it the most m8 that means it's our word and we pronounce it correctly","neutral"
"If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.","annoyance"
"Hello there!","neutral"
"Oh you know they’re BOTH going for it.","realization"
"Well.... it’s even more weird to drink the milk of other species..so...","disgust"
"Ay troop, that’s 2-Fury not blue falcons...","neutral"
"I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.","joy"
"You need to reevaluate your life","neutral"
"It's kinda funny when it's told to you","amusement"
"Trade [NAME] and see if he plays [NAME] over [NAME]. let's see what kinda coach we're dealing with here.","curiosity"
"Is that at Beachtown?","curiosity"
"Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported","gratitude"
"Tbh, I think that sub was created because they got bodied here in arguments. ","neutral"
"Wasnt much to ruin.","neutral"
"I want to thank them for faking my death, now that man will stop looking for me.","desire"
"[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.","neutral"
"Epiploic Appendagitis. Although it’s almost certain that you’ll have to affirm that you aren’t talking about appendicitis.","confusion"
"Did anyone see the ladies sitting behind the Hawks' bench?? WOW, like smoking hot.","curiosity"
"No, it's not. If they grow in the wrong way then they can become extremely painful and cause discomfort. People usually like chewing freely","disapproval"
"Haha I love this. I used to give mine phone books and my room would look just like this in a matter of hours. Crazy.","amusement"
"Don't know if it's a full moon tonight, but holy hell have the idiots and a-holes come out in force","annoyance"
"It makes sense to me. I am a republican in that sense but hate the GOP for the most part.","neutral"
"I miss [NAME]","remorse"
"I have seen what some of the MRAs look like...","neutral"
"Hey now I masturbate in my own filth and I don't take kindly to being compared to these people.","annoyance"
"Doesn’t excuse the majority of southerners","neutral"
"I honestly think he’s making fun of you","amusement"
"“I thought I was suppose to love 2018 wtf”","love"
"His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]","annoyance"
"Woah woah. Didn’t imply I knew where you were from. Just giving a point of reference for my comment. Relax 😂","realization"
"It’s been posted dozens and dozens of times since last night. People fucking suck.","anger"
"Its the absolute lunacy of liberals when they see a MAGA hat, that baffles me. ","annoyance"
"I changed team snapchats name to “Bae❤️” so i get exited every time I get thing from them.","excitement"
"I love it. I just joined the Streetwise Facebook page to catch up on some of the kids.","approval"
"This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.","relief"
"That's because: Emotion = Reality","neutral"
"Did not expect pint sized [NAME]. That was cute!","love"
"The final boss must be a girl who doesn't want to be his queen","confusion"
"I wonder if we need to find a way, as a people, to not be so dependent on the government. ","neutral"
"Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :","neutral"
"Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies. ","admiration"
"Buddy. Your prejudice is showing. Also plot twist I'm a white [NAME] woman. You don't understand the principle of what white privilege is.","neutral"
"That was a very well put together video, entertaining and informative. [NAME] is a national treasure.","amusement"
"Tbh I don’t hate either sport I just find them both silly. Especially soccer when Players fall intentionally to pretend to be hurt","neutral"
"The intro in that video looks like a sand storm on there, imagine a sand storm while playing GA on that map, it would be awesome!","excitement"
"Yeah man, gotta suck it up and be a man. /s","annoyance"
"700 euros per week for 16 hour days 6 -7 days a week is shite and well below minimum wage if you work it out per hour.","neutral"
"Why are you so salty? Who hurt you?","curiosity"
"Worst radio ever.","anger"
"Bring it on, I’ve played enough PUBG for a good pan battle!","neutral"
"Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.","joy"
"And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.","admiration"
"Your mistake, you should've waited outside, he just followed the app right to you.","approval"
">Pretty much as soon as he said he was going to work towards income equality he was killed. It wasnt for his civil rights work.","neutral"
"Biting the hand that feeds them","approval"
"The overall response is try and empower women, abolish prostitution and stop giving lazy men money because they want to live out their idiotic fantasy lives. ","neutral"
"A man of culture i see","neutral"
"That's a nice way to say "being forcibly removed as illegal immigrants.".","approval"
"A little optimistic to call it trolling. He's pretty Damn stupid, let's not put anything past him.","amusement"
"Let's do this shit. Michigan first half?","excitement"
"Tell him to breathe quietly during the show or else! Ha ha ha","amusement"
"You could notice he was a little bit nervous, i think that was the main reason for his way of playing in this game.","approval"
"Yeah, and in Brazil we write only in cursive so I don't get those people.","approval"
"Well, we did win the only Ghosts tournament we played together. I think 7/8 with the 1 being a 2nd has to at least be considered.","neutral"
"Slurps big gulp. “Food chain bro”","neutral"
"Till Valhalla brother, you will be missed. ","neutral"
"But those are typically quieter and then I won’t need them 🙃 are we done","disapproval"
"Sir, this would not be worth watching if he left out the best part.","approval"
"You're right, thanks for pointing that out, I've edited it now. Carry on.","gratitude"
"Gone Girl 2 looks like it's gonna be great.","excitement"
"I just mean symbolically it's weird to call your own flesh a 'blanket'.","disapproval"
"Gotta preach the truth!","approval"
"The impact of his head hitting the court looked so bad. I hope he'll recover from this.","optimism"
"I once went outside with my eyes open, it was way too intense for me.","fear"
"It is part of the political game unfortunately.","disappointment"
"Most of his overtly sexual posts give me that vibe...they seem exploitative and as just another way to prove he owns her","pride"
"Maybe I'm overly cautious, but when I was single I stayed away from people who worked with me. ","approval"
"Regardless, fight 'em every inch of the way like it's the last hill to die on. Complacency is complicity. ","anger"
"You’re going to love it. Wake up refreshed and ready","excitement"
"Honestly I’m confused in 10 different ways here","confusion"
"Where the hell do you live where you can't find pork rinds?","neutral"
"hey people at the game, i asked this last time we did this too, but how frosted is the Fortress tonight?","confusion"
"We may not have much connection playerwise anymore, but Flames will always be Mr. [NAME] special Western buddies.","neutral"
"Well to be fair, playing the whole game would be a great start. Winning puck battles would also help. ","admiration"
"Oh I should've checked there wow I'm slow 🤦","disappointment"
"Cc issue was never meant to be fixed in this patch, its a server side update, they already did one.","annoyance"
"The more I look the worse it gets","annoyance"
"Thanks for clarifying, was definitely originally taught wrong then. 🙃","gratitude"
"Those mindsets are extremely dangerous to our democracy.","fear"
"The government is closed right now and nothing is happening at all. When they come back, they might just be pissed enough to let everybody through.","neutral"
"No matter how loud I talk, no one seems to hear me... ","approval"
"Interesting read, thanks. Still a 40% bust rate. Sucks that someone's job is on the line with that high of a chance of failing. ","admiration"
"Why am I excited for the new season","excitement"
"I realize that’s the joke and I want to know what’s funny about it","curiosity"
"Kinda weird to continuously shoot at Police too...","annoyance"
"This guy fiths","neutral"
"Someone hold me","neutral"
"I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.","annoyance"
"[NAME] buyin?","confusion"
"I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.","disgust"
""This is just unprofessional" lol","amusement"
"If they’re not gonna get anyone else with that money then I wouldn’t have minded","disapproval"
"[NAME] was not a candidate in the presidential election.","neutral"
"I like how it's also a subtle girls>guys","neutral"
"You have your opinion and I have mine why does that make only one of us a victim?","curiosity"
"Can a Purdue or Indiana fan independently verify?","curiosity"
"I’m excited to see [NAME] come in here. I hope he plays some more quality, aggressive minutes","desire"
"I feel a deep sense of shame.","annoyance"
"He's also unfathomably rapid.","neutral"
"Amazing. The perfect words for it","admiration"
"Nice width but every day is trap day from now until the show.","annoyance"
"Seriously Creepy.","fear"
"If you're on a budget, anywhere that's cheap. ","neutral"
"*I bring you Love!*","love"
"You are an old one!","annoyance"
"It's changing, slowly but surely. 20 years ago most people liked fur, now it's seen as cruel and unnecessary.","approval"
"They aren't wrong here in illinois. :(","approval"
"Love the alliteration here.","love"
"You're cool","neutral"
"Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!","approval"
"I love Chinese buffets. All the ones in my town are gone, all buffets are gone, sucks ","admiration"
"I've never heard of them until now, maybe that's why? ","neutral"
"See, you need all that HP to get the ice cream home before it melts.","neutral"
"Anyone else getting stuck in the radio com loop with [NAME] and whoever","disgust"
"Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.","realization"
"Interesting that [NAME] is closer to [NAME] in terms of efficiency compared to [NAME]. We give him too much shit.","disgust"
"You guys are fools. This is gold.","annoyance"
"You got the law all wrong...","disappointment"
"yeah it was a short poll because they thought not many people would vote no. they can play it off like it, but thats the case.","neutral"
"And you act like [RELIGION] wasn’t used to fuel slavery and control slaves go off tho...","neutral"
"this is fucking beautiful coaching not sure what combination of our coaching and defensive coordinators cooked up this scheme but [NAME] this is basketball porn","annoyance"
"I don't even know how to begin explaining something this preposterously self-evident to you, so I'm just not going to. ","disapproval"
"Did I present a braiwashing sect as something positive? Both are bad, but at least you can therapy your way out of emo.","disapproval"
"Luckily I never got sucked into Overwatch, because I know if I had I would definitely have an unhealthy amount of playtime racked up. ","gratitude"
"Finally! Now I see what I was doing wrong. PB, thank you!","gratitude"
"Thank you XD","gratitude"
"I like them all as long as they are not fake.","annoyance"
"That'll make it too easy.","joy"
"I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.","neutral"
"It pretty obvious why they were filming Can someone link me to a video on here where someone didn't say this?","curiosity"
"I don’t set an alarm I naturally wake around 4am. Love my mornings.","approval"
"But I think his feelings care about the fact that he's still not tall enough to ride any of the roller coasters at Disneyland","caring"
"Yeah, as I'm being resuscitated in A&E, I'll remember to let them know about my workers comp. #america","neutral"
"I like how the Red Tie Legion chose a picture where he’s tieless for their shitty-ass meme.","love"
"Phew! Sounds like he had a close call there :-( :-( :-(","neutral"
"Which is why people sell on TPT...","neutral"
"yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there","annoyance"
"Losing my identity, wondering have I gone insane...","disappointment"
"This is how my SO gaslights me. I hope it goes well when he comes home and good luck with the baby!","admiration"
"I love you guys but....."existence"","love"
"I read the second tier cast makes very little by comparison. So [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], etc","neutral"
"I hope you're ok, I feel this post :( big hugs from me","caring"
"I’d burn my hand for nothing if it meant keeping my family alive and safe.","annoyance"
"Oh fucking come on","annoyance"
"I guess there's this, but that's all I can think of.","neutral"
"Anyone who downvoted this comment doesn’t understand the necessity of government.","annoyance"
"Keep trying! :) I’ve just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.","optimism"
"Argh. The most stupid and needless abuse of power teachers do. Some particularly stupid ones at least.","annoyance"
"Oh lord that's nasty. Guess I'm getting some fried chicken tonight.","disgust"
"Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.","disapproval"
"how does asperger feel like","caring"
"카니발 sounds more like cannibal than carnival.","neutral"
"What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.","anger"
"Looks deliriously boring.","fear"
"Go on...","neutral"
"I miss rock fest 😔","disappointment"
"Input: Drink candle. NPC: You don't want to get wax in your mouth, do you? Input: Maybe I do, NPC.","confusion"
"You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.","gratitude"
"Not offended just dont care to debate over game development or how long it takes 🤷🏽‍♂️ lol you win sir","neutral"
"Maybe time to see a doctor or psychologist? Although a bit of social anxiety is normal and not necessarily the disorder.","curiosity"
"You said that it is a fact that [NAME] is a rapist based on the testimony of 1 person. I merely stated the same argument based on your logic.","neutral"
"Thanks I hate it.","annoyance"
"I have to but I’m about to start looking for like career type jobs and if I can’t drive I’m stuck.","neutral"
"yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly","disappointment"
"It’s not even bad. Some people love dark humor, especially when delivered in a super serious way.","disapproval"
"What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.","neutral"
"No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul","amusement"
"Oh look me","neutral"
"So does [NAME] :(","neutral"
"**WAIT THAT WAS A REAL STORY!?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK**","surprise"
"Whiskey isn't going to help. She should pray to [NAME] that another man comes and brings purpose to her life.","annoyance"
"Why do the people there lose their jobs? Not doubting you, I just don't understand those rehab centers. ","neutral"
"[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.","desire"
"If you ever wondered where ISIS got their method of killing homosexuals, wonder no more. Source: al-Jawab al-Kafi p. 260-263 as Quoted by Islamqa: ","confusion"
"I find sativa makes me paranoid/anxious as hell. Indica calms me down more. Smoking too much of any strain makes me anxious by time though","caring"
"It took you a month to answer and every single word is wrong. That's almost an accomplishment.","admiration"
"Did not expect it to work with a body on it..","neutral"
"I'm going to use "my dicky has to perpetually get sticky" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!","optimism"
"Guess there is no benefit for my next car to be any safer considering I haven’t died in my old one then...","neutral"
"I saw one that us taking Greedy William's at 6 with the Jaga taking [NAME] at 7 lol. Cllelin ferrel was at 4","disappointment"
"Or wax your driveway, and the snow will slide right off without shoveling!","neutral"
"The lesson is to not take 4 Ambien. That is just stupid.","annoyance"
"I did not realize that and maybe it’s because [NAME] is slightly cheaper and wanted to be a [NAME] badly.","desire"
"This is true, but For THIS situation, it's time to take notes on the situation and do better on the next one. She deserves better.","caring"
"Let's do it (if done smartly by SK) NK wants to go the path of Vietnam in how they developed","curiosity"
"> For the same reason it wouldn’t permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.","disapproval"
"No problemo bro an another thing idk if this will affect you but you can't get your gun license if you get ur card","confusion"
"Oh, totally mistaken - thanks for correcting me! I had read differently, but maybe that's in other states/cities?","gratitude"
"[NAME] has continued to show how selfish she is throughout the years..we shouldn't be surprised at this. [NAME] forbid she be the bigger person for the kids.","disappointment"
"Oh [NAME]. But I'm sort of confused as to how the pic was taken, sorry if you said it but I'm a bit stupid and tired","confusion"
"From that angle his face looks like the big built guy from jersey shore.","neutral"
"I’m so glad I have my own car","joy"
"Me too, but glad this creep is getting attention for his creepiness outside of r/kanye","anger"
"Guys you can’t blame him. They didn’t have basic math when he was in school","anger"
"Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB","admiration"
"No Despacito Remix. No 4K Ultra. No Goals and Highlights. No 360 No-Scope Assists. Are you even excited man?","curiosity"
"Here's another message "You're a good mom. Your boy is lucky to have you."","admiration"
"At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.","admiration"
"Seriously. I legit laughed at this.","amusement"
"Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.","disapproval"
"I was surprised the general public hadn't already heard of them tbh. They have been around for quiet sometime.","surprise"
"Sometimes I think the Padres link these rumors just to remind the world they still exist. ... But it would be fun if they actually came true.","amusement"
"i was planning on getting smashed but instead i'm sober...... no bullshit whatsoever","annoyance"
"I've heard vegetarians talking about various sources of cholesterol, maybe try r/vegetarian and ask what meats they prefer?","curiosity"
"dang... that's just crazy.","amusement"
"first alien is hotter tbh","neutral"
"I honestly don’t know who’s out there that’s better for [NAME]","confusion"
"thank you !","gratitude"
"Yes, I've noticed it too. Or the photo of the item won't load. This company is so shameful","embarrassment"
"There is no your reality. There is only your delusion.","neutral"
"It's about fucking time, hope this is real.","desire"
"Think he's trying to put pressure on him to accept a pay cut.","neutral"
"It’s pretty old. [NAME] did it.","approval"
"Thank you for sharing this. May your friend rest easy and you find peace.","gratitude"
"This dudes basically [NAME]","neutral"
"yeah but FUCK devil roar. I swear a volcano happens every single time I step on land there","annoyance"
"You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!","anger"
"Thanks. I needed this reminder today.","gratitude"
"I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].","desire"
"Noice! I hope to improve my Mika with this~ Thank you and may the Muscle Spirit be with you!","gratitude"
"FQ looks pretty good so far. Do not disrespect Notorious POB.","admiration"
"I understand that. My question is more if anyone would be excited for it or interested in helping","desire"
"She really tried to make sure it seemed i was at fault too. Now i'm thinking that she just wanted a way out/wanted a scapegoat","realization"
"I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY","remorse"
"this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it","nervousness"
"And that’s assuming all your organs are in good condition, if you smoke or drink heavily you are likely losing lots of value.","approval"
"One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.","amusement"
"YOU LIKE TURTLES? Gimme a second.","anger"
"She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.","approval"
"Thins are my favorite and I will not apologize. It makes the flavor of the cookie shine through.","love"
"No apologies needed, beer loving friend!","approval"
"In looking at the questions answered in the AMAs following the [NAME] podcast, I don't see any related to [NAME] or race/IQ. ","disapproval"
"Was this at Meadowvale? I wanted to take a pic but had my gloves on","neutral"
"He's not interested, blessim...","neutral"
"In the back of my car, for reasons we can’t find a safe bed to go to","neutral"
"My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.","neutral"
"Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes","amusement"
"Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.","neutral"
"Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!","gratitude"
"I say we get the pitch forks and make him have to sit in a wheel chair for real boyos!! Vigilante justice away!!","approval"
"Those in a position of authority at a school have to report abuse","approval"
"That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.","amusement"
"Wait, I'm confused now. A brain can only handle so much.","confusion"
"Incoming 20m a year contract [NAME] !!!","neutral"
"Nope this whole thing has been deleted and we’re all banned. We are all now posting from the Shadow Realm.","disapproval"
"What the hell- they're paying for cars they don't and won't ever own?!","neutral"
"You're a big man","admiration"
"Cough cough, r/gunners would likento buy you a drink for speaking the truth good sir. ","caring"
"Been getting this same feeling these days.. idk what it is I just have no drive anymore maybe once the cwl comes back it’ll help","disappointment"
"I'll call [NAME], somebody else get smashmouth ready","optimism"
"I don’t know what I’m to say I’ll say it anyway","confusion"
"Ugh [NAME] is like when your ex-girlfriend suddenly gets really hot. I can't even look at him.","neutral"
"Do you always assign people positions they don't hold to avoid accountability for being a failure? Or is this a recent development?","neutral"
"[NAME] uh...gave me a wake up call. Thank you","gratitude"
"I agree. His parents were very supportive then. When they did a cast change, they decided to make his parents jerks! ","approval"
"Love it!","love"
"So sad—but not surprising. It would be interesting to know if there’s a difference between countries with and without socialised health care.","caring"
"Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.","annoyance"
"Captain you ARE wrong. You’re wrong nooption to argue. I have the final rule ! Nope not gonna listen.","neutral"
"> Because I was a disgracefully gullible, immensely stupid fucking dipshit ~~was~~ *am* FTFY","anger"
"I think you'll find there is only one big one, lasting less than an hour.","desire"
"That's gonna be a no from me dawg","neutral"
"Good for them","gratitude"
"Ive never done deadlifts. Are they worth getting into in terms of back hypertrophy? I already do rows and weighted pullups.","anger"
"Yeah shit they are crazy","amusement"
"Mine said I was most closely correlated with Gujarat (not a surprise) and Karnataka (which I didn't know at all)","approval"
"He also could have warged into several different people and told [NAME] that [NAME] didn't kidnap and rape [NAME].","neutral"
"Until the Brexiteers bit at the end you could have been talking about Ireland.","annoyance"
"But it looks so cute","admiration"
"Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol","amusement"
"Me, because I'm a narcissistic bastard.","anger"
"Gotcha. I see my clarification above. I sincerely apologize that anything I wrote made you feel that you needed to enforce your boundaries.","approval"
"No time like the present to start trying.","neutral"
"[NAME] living her best life in Germany.","joy"
"reaper was getting self healing from dealing all that damage","admiration"
"The best thing to come out of this result and today’s other games is that 6 point buffer to 5th","admiration"
"Damn I wish there was such a service here.","desire"
"Wow! If they were to follow that logic, they would have to ask why on earth we were given doctors! Insanity.","neutral"
"[NAME] went form 4-12 to 11-5 when he switched teams. Coaching success does not necessarily regress with age. Athletic ability does. That's the difference.","neutral"
"Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad","admiration"
"And I’ll be there!!!","excitement"
"Nope, you're right, it's the same tweet you're thinking of, check the date. ","approval"
"This is the reason why I don't have friends. Not even skinny ones, you never know how they will be in the furure","neutral"
"Might not have fallen if little miss [NAME] didn’t have to pull her skirt back.","remorse"
"This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions","anger"
"What the fuckkkkk burn itt","anger"
"Yep, hell of a listener","annoyance"
"It's ok, it was cancelled anyway","relief"
"If you look back it is odd that most violent murderers have all eaten taco bell at some point.","annoyance"
"Man that was a long of run on sentences but whatever.","neutral"
"EA’s cancelled more Star Wars games than they’ve made. They should lose their exclusive right to make Star Wars games","neutral"
">I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.","disapproval"
"F for our fallen comrade","neutral"
"I very happy with my character. I took my sweet ass time picking one that I liked.","admiration"
"They say water feels like concrete if you hit it hard enough.....","neutral"
"Yes YES #YES","neutral"
"Saw them at a free concert on my campus in 2012. They were good.","admiration"
"I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago","disappointment"
"I feel like you've answered your own question.","realization"
"She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.","anger"
"They hated [NAME] since the beginning of [RELIGION], they treated them like animals","anger"
"news article about the story.","neutral"
"It's not funny, but what do you mean?","curiosity"
"Tbf any ult works well with grav","neutral"
"Given it looks like a cotton field, it feels a bit more sinister than that. ","fear"
"[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck","anger"
"After someone told me about goat yoga I now believe all anecdotes like this.","neutral"
"And here i am, cant even clean my tongue without gagging... ","neutral"
"It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.","annoyance"
"Me, it's too cute for words.","admiration"
"Seems like you took a hard side in the previous 3 comments. Hypocrite much?","curiosity"
"Knowing [NAME] he’d probably give [NAME] up for a 5th rounder smh","neutral"
"Guilty as well!","remorse"
"Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...","neutral"
"hhhh, lol ","amusement"
"I mean most players get that","neutral"
"Yeah, that changes everything.","neutral"
"mmm, yum... ALRIGHT GIMME ","neutral"
"Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.","neutral"
"It is the recent patch most likely! This never happened previously.","sadness"
"Just remember to refrigerate it and not leave it out.","caring"
"Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods","desire"
"Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year","neutral"
"The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].","disappointment"
"I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.","sadness"
"She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.","disapproval"
"[NAME] could kill someone on purpose and she isnt going to get into trouble EVER","neutral"
"But transit is amazing here.","excitement"
"I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...","love"
"Season 5 is the best IMO.","admiration"
"yeah but [NAME] as well? unless she's significantly younger than him.","neutral"
"Sorry about that!","sadness"
"I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]","love"
"im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days","realization"
"you can but it takes a bit of time. I've had panic attacks and anxiety attacks and they are not remotely fun","caring"
"Too late. You badmouthed London. You're on the list now.","neutral"
"oops, my bad.","realization"
"Another episode of idiots with guns","annoyance"
"It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help","fear"
"That's unfortunate for you.","disappointment"
"[NAME] & [NAME]? Also, his ass is as big as her back. ","neutral"
"He wasn’t drafted and is properly rated imo. Had a crazy career for sure. Beat the odds many times","neutral"
"Guy on the right looks like [NAME] long lost sister","realization"
"I definitely wouldn’t do a role change at the tournament but definitely when they get home. I should’ve clarified that sry.","neutral"
"Bhahahahahahahahah. Right. Your attitude seems pissy.","amusement"
"I really want external armor vests. Luckily, I'm the Chief so I can say what goes.","desire"
"But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.","joy"
"I need this source with sound","desire"
"Thank you [NAME].. Another disaster you created.","disappointment"
"Only >!best boys!< get in this sandwich","approval"
"I stand corrected. I totally forgot the knee and shoulder injuries earlier in the season.","realization"
"Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*","love"
"Be careful, or he'll have to use 10% of his power on you!","caring"
"Welcome back [NAME]!! You sexy Brazilian SON OF A BITCH","excitement"
"They arent even commies is the worst part🤣","anger"
"they could be extinct. plenty of creatures no longer exist anymore.","neutral"
"they will also hate the eagles for years to come because their fans were a bunch of meanies","annoyance"
"It really do be like that","neutral"
"Brutal piece!","neutral"
"Vote for a commie and she will be making that decision.","neutral"
"You can't just make bold claims like that and provide no evidence.","anger"
"I'll have a look and see if I can find it. Cheers for the info!","excitement"
"yah gotta pull them sweaty cheeks apart.","neutral"
"I know what you mean, man. I can't keep from commenting on some things...","approval"
"I feel like I should cop a bass to fill the void. Drummers seem the hardest to find these days.","optimism"
"Technology bad!","disgust"
"Oops. My bad","embarrassment"
"I wish they can a option to change it back after the "upgrade" because it feels more like a downgrade","desire"
"My first thought was, "What is a [NAME]?" Then I realized I was being dumb.","realization"
"Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex","gratitude"
"Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)","love"
"I can read the anger in this post.","neutral"
"Nooooooo they're so delicious!","neutral"
"If I see this gif one more time, I’m going to lose it","annoyance"
"...Oh my","neutral"
"> Every billionaire is a policy failure Damn right!","neutral"
"I see this a lot on Reddit. Holding a dumb view, dying on a dumb hill just to finally not respond to a breakdown of claims","neutral"
"Highkey tho! He got ass! 🍑","neutral"
"British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles","confusion"
"Can’t believe they actually got married. What a joke","surprise"
"I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.","admiration"
"I never thought to look for this subreddit! Thanks for sharing. I love this show","gratitude"
"Trolling cat lovers used to be funny, 24 years ago.","joy"
"Omfg. I haven’t seen this one before, and I’m in tears! Thank you! ","gratitude"
"NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!","amusement"
"It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible","disappointment"
"Is it Amazon brand? Genuine question as I didnt even know those existed","curiosity"
"Let's not try to pretend both were equally bad, [NAME] was magnitudes worse","disgust"
"I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(","disappointment"
"Oh no. Your poor friend, I hope she can move past it someday. That has to be such a hard burden to carry.","optimism"
"I love when that happens. I call it "butt cuddles" and we do it all the time lol!","amusement"
"Ayyyyyyyyyy. Fellow INTP-er!","neutral"
"Then she is just passing her bad habits forward.","neutral"
"Again. Spygate was legal.","approval"
">No most cops are good people who wants to inforce the law. Pick one.","approval"
"ELABORATE plz!!!!","curiosity"
"Royals can be prosecuted. Princess [NAME] was charged under the dangerous dogs act many years back the monarch enjoys sovereign immunity.","neutral"
"And guided by a universe determined to teach that kid a lesson.","realization"
"I mean I'm mad at him for posting that, but that's just because I'm jealous of that P7","annoyance"
"yes Yes YES # YES","neutral"
"That would involve reading, and redhats aren't so good at that.","neutral"
"I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.","love"
"This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.","admiration"
"We're so bad x4","neutral"
"Can some hero type out all the rosters?","neutral"
"IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]","anger"
"I would smash both","optimism"
"Like a glove","excitement"
"as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.","sadness"
"Go to a different dealer. The 19 is nicer, you have to decide for yourself if the 18 discount is worth it. ","neutral"
"I would prefer this over her being a completely random person, which makes no sense and was a tremendous misstep in this family saga. ","approval"
"This has almost 3k upvotes in r/oddlysatifying because of the wiper blades. Edit: r/oddlysatisfying","neutral"
"He forgot the most important law : Everyone can be stupid, and everyone will be at some point. Although he does illustrate it very well with his article.","anger"
"Can confirm. My forehead creases came from doing this for years.","approval"
"That movie really scared me when I was a kid.","fear"
"has the face of someone that had one too many pain pills for breakfast.","neutral"
"Thank you kind stranger. You might have just made my eyes mist a little.","gratitude"
"Thank you! Very cool!! 😎","gratitude"
"*When.* When he wins.","annoyance"
"This guy's an idiot lol","anger"
"Wow, just wow. Thats a catagory 5 non sequitur.","annoyance"
"I wish I can go 90 days challenge","desire"
"Oh my gooooooooood","surprise"
"You’re looking at clocking out of work two hours after you should have been finished, lol.","amusement"
"OK. How old was the father when you got pregnant?","curiosity"
"My body is ready for our Tank Commanders return!","neutral"
"You're naive if you think they won't balance it out somehow in the future.","neutral"
"I like that we get to see how varied artists are.","joy"
"It means that [NAME] campaign colluded, contrary to them saying otherwise. Sorry if you voted to advance Russian interests.","remorse"
"Good Job","admiration"
"Again, thanks!","gratitude"
"I'm here with a devil axe and 34 Krit chance. And my killer axe just broke.","neutral"
"I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.","caring"
"Oh my [NAME] give her as much food as she wants!","caring"
"It doesn't bother me for some reason, I'm just lactose intolerant.","neutral"
"your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware","desire"
"HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.","love"
"WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!","anger"
"I usually do. I didn’t stay up until midnight the preceding Sunday thusly I missed out on my block-hoarding opportunity.","disappointment"
"I'm moving to Dallas soon too, from out of state. lol. Seems like it's the closest/most similar area to home, vibe-wise.","amusement"
"[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird","nervousness"
"* Favourite is [NAME] * Least is [NAME] (excluding [NAME]) * Overrated is [NAME] * Underrated is [NAME]","neutral"
"It could be, but I hope it's abandoned. I haven't been too impressed with the flash forwards. ","approval"
"I think they were just doing their job. Reporting what they saw. And yea that was the happiest I have seen [NAME]. Weird.","approval"
"Agreed. If anyone was "murdered by words" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot.","anger"
"Apparently measles are worse for adults, ironically due to stronger immune systems.","neutral"
"Happy cake day!","joy"
"Geez, we still got about an hour left lol","amusement"
"Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.","love"
"He helped him up. And [NAME] walked back, mad at himself for falling for it","disappointment"
"They are looking pretty stacked this year","admiration"
"I'm poly and jn the Raleigh area too, moved here for my wife's job, surprised to find so many people mention it haha. ","surprise"
"Pm me too please!","neutral"
"Good. They can afford it.","admiration"
"I've picked scabs bigger than most aborted fetuses get. I don't see the police knocking on my door for committing assault against a human being.","neutral"
"Well I *assumed* so...","neutral"
">when you're a day older than your friends on your 18th birthday ich believe I'm a bit too old for you!","confusion"
"I never get sick of seeing me and my dad go absolutely fucking wild in that video","relief"
"yup, it sounds ridiculous","annoyance"
"Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)","curiosity"
"Love [NAME], but he is really dumb when it comes to politics and economics.","disappointment"
"Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog","remorse"
"Haha, I wish, but not happening","amusement"
"Except [NAME] still went with the happy ending instead of ending it at the Aningaaq scene.","neutral"
"My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.","anger"
"People keep giving serious arguments but you keep replying “but mah happiness” Not worth it to lose time arguing with the likes of you","annoyance"
"I apologise for coming off as rude, the end comment was unnecessary and needlessly rude","anger"
"Wow, this is my trashy goals in life. This woman is living out my dreams.","admiration"
"After how badly the Patriots screwed CT, how can anyone like them?","confusion"
"THATS HOCKEY BABY","neutral"
"Everything mentioned below, plus when [NAME] dicey Walmart convict boyfriend changed [NAME] diaper. [NAME] found out and went ballistic, and rightfully so.","anger"
"True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.","approval"
"They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.","disapproval"
"We've been pretty good for the most part the last 5 years. I mean, [NAME] saying [NAME] betrayed him isn't ideal but could be worse. ","approval"
"Love the fact that the security guard or whatever he was made him roll down the passenger window instead of walking around to the drivers side, lol.","admiration"
"Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.","disappointment"
"our enemy, the state ","neutral"
"i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul","love"
"Saw it at work this morning, christ the clouds were beautiful","admiration"
"yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.","approval"
"Or those morons that move next to a highway and complain that they can hear the highway","neutral"
"Psychiatrist and the right meds help. Just something to normalize those high anxiety days","anger"
"Every time I see someone walking around with their toddler now all I can think is *poor basrard, he has no idea what's coming*. ","neutral"
"Probably not making good pass decisions.","confusion"
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels the same!","pride"
"Happy cake day and happy birthday! I'm sorry your friend bailed on you.","disappointment"
"Thanks. People need to calm down and give QCX a little time here.","gratitude"
"Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.","admiration"
"are you a genji main cause i feel the same way","neutral"
"As someone who live less than a hour where she’s from, it’s definitely fabricated/exaggerated.","approval"
"Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day","disapproval"
"Yeah the non guarenteed packs are really the worst. I think I did 2/20 on those.","disgust"
"And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo","anger"
"Idk how tf he was able to play on pot and booze that sounds hard af to do","confusion"
"Lol what do you mean ☺️☺️☺️","amusement"
"It's to bad I live in a society that only wants my continual existence.","disappointment"
"Awesome guys! Thank you for the ideas. It interesting to see what people will do depending on whether they play killer or survivor lol","gratitude"
"Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.","disappointment"
"Uhh...weird flex but ok?","annoyance"
"I’ve always thought he was overrated until now","realization"
"There is no Mrs [NAME]. Unless you count his sister.","neutral"
"Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.","gratitude"
"Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays","joy"
"So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.","neutral"
"Surprised Greece doesn’t see [NAME] as their own. I mean he’s not from Greece but still Greek.","surprise"
"It's okay. Just tell them you meant I love you "two" twice for four.","love"
"I'm so disappointed you didn't include [NAME] "I'm standing under the source of the bull shit" [NAME]","disappointment"
"I agree with your guy. Sex can sometimes improve with the adulterous partner, because he/she feels desired and sexy again.","approval"
"I think my retinas detached due to the Herculean force of my eye roll. Hail [NAME]!","neutral"
"Verify yourself already or we will continue to "spit negativity"","annoyance"
"*Demolishes Muffins* Thank","gratitude"
"It's pretty much a new format now, it must have been TF2 centred. ","neutral"
"Thanks for contributing to the point I just made. More complaining and self-assuring. Yap away.","gratitude"
"Just Kontrol Freeks since my strike pack died. Going pack to paddles when I get the chance though.","fear"
"great show.","approval"
"One of the low key best hikes in AZ! Better than Camelback IMO","neutral"
"Same. They responded really quickly like within an hour.","admiration"
"And the purse tacos!! Need that midday snack!","desire"
"Death will come in the end. Live while you can. Life is a once in an eternity opportunity.","neutral"
"I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(","disappointment"
"A Buzzfeed article about 20 perfect pairs of boobies","neutral"
"reaper was getting self healing from dealing all that damage","neutral"
"It makes it especially delicious when our one sub with ~100 active members gets accused of controlling the entire political debate on Reddit","neutral"
"Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?","neutral"
"[NAME] a bastard man","anger"
"Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...","neutral"
"The worst is when those moments pop up randomly. Especially when you’re feeling happy and then a mistake you did back in 2005 comes creeping up.","anger"
"I just went through and read every single one. This is amazing","admiration"
"By your logic the AIDS epidemic must mean HIV contributes to the well being of people who have it.","neutral"
"Thanks a bunch!","gratitude"
"My wife has some crazy friends and I ducking love hearing their “slutty” stories. The things they make these thirsty guys do is unreal.","approval"
"Awesome! I just read Bad Blood and have been waiting for a documentary about it.","admiration"
"Ok I love [NAME] for making [NAME] fist bump 3 times. He was so awkward with that haha.","amusement"
""Police are on their way, ma'am, just stay calm."","neutral"
"There isn’t a perk tree for strategy. Either illusion or maybe pickpocket... or sneak.","confusion"
"The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.","amusement"
"Support this cause please. It saves lives","caring"
"The fact that you got a kill with the auger is impressive enough...here’s an upvote","admiration"
"> modern art Modern art lasted from 1860 at the earliest to 1970 at the latest. Thanks for your art critique though, it was very informative.","approval"
"You're a hottie!","admiration"
"> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.","gratitude"
"ITT: People saying "I'm doing to get downvoted for this" and then not getting downvoted.","neutral"
"I can’t imagine choosing McD’s over Banh Mi, that’s just a complete lack of respect for your taste buds.","surprise"
"I love how nobody posting here to decry the buzzfeed article is using their actual accounts, they’re all throwaways. Cowards. Just like your felonious President.","anger"
"[NAME] to [NAME]: "Don't try and tell me how to defend"","neutral"
"I would LOVE to be on the show!","love"
"I need this source with sound","approval"
"I'm torn between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is next man up for scoring now, especially if [NAME] keeps riding the pine. ","approval"
"And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME]. ","anger"
"I agree totally. Talk about fucking insanely bizarre. He's stuck in the shining","annoyance"
"Extend the compassion; go vegan.","neutral"
"No, the ECJ made unilateral A50 revocation subject to good faith use, not as a tactical tool to gain a better deal.","realization"
"It almost looks like stuff from Japanese Pizza Huts !!","admiration"
"Weird as I do know I've seen CoC waste/recycling services trucks picking up bins as early as 6:30AM.","annoyance"
"I don't see how a NBC journalist's departure is relevant to the SCW, especially since he didn't cover Syria on the ground.","neutral"
""Moose killed my parents."","neutral"
"Stop following me around you one hour old troll account.","neutral"
"Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.","anger"
"Lol it's a public sidewalk, I wouldn't call it their set ","disapproval"
"This wasn’t last year. It was last century! Star Wars had just come out!","neutral"
"You are stating your opinion as if it were fact. [NAME] has face tattoos and I think they are incredibly sexy, attractive and appealing.","admiration"
"[NAME] isn't secretly homophobic he is openly homophobic","annoyance"
"What do you mean by gaps?","neutral"
"A “10” on the landing.","neutral"
"They're taking one for the team, those brave creatures!","sadness"
"i hate this","anger"
"I would stay away from buying from msL. Just remember that [NAME] looks like [NAME] on there. Trying to make a change :-/","disappointment"
"Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.","disappointment"
"Oh you got me. Good one.","neutral"
"IT MUST WOUND YOUR PRIDE! STANDING OUT THERE, LIKE A GLORIFIED SENTRY!","disappointment"
"They showed a pretty cool [NAME] cosplay from a guy","neutral"
"Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?","approval"
"Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.","joy"
"Yes because people constantly use that as an example of "TSAs failure" or a TSA miss when in reality TSA wasn't even involved","annoyance"
"I actually don’t mind Sudbury to Nipigon but whole North Ontario sucks overall.","disgust"
"My anger, up 50%. ","neutral"
"Yeah I remember when they banned bathrooms, crazy thing. ","realization"
"Damn mods are just trying to offend everyone!","annoyance"
"I am sports entertained.","excitement"
"When I feel down I listen to music.","joy"
"Actually whoosh doesn't apply here because the criteria for whooshing is different.","disapproval"
"Hot bath helps me, or just heating pad on my breasts. Looks awkward, but it helps. ","approval"
"It’s hard to take the tweet seriously with that font 😂","sadness"
"Ooooh, we got a badass over here!","anger"
"I just realized people in apartments are essentially screwed, that is too bad man, hopefully you'll get that going soon! It's worth it!","optimism"
"I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.","approval"
"it’s fantastic with reflex or holographic","admiration"
"Ok but you're still arguing against specific religions not the existence of some type of [NAME], which it almost sounds like you admit could exist","annoyance"
"Oh my gosh!!!!!! 😂 you poor thing! Thanks for sharing!","gratitude"
"Can I get an F for being stuck at college? Thanks.","neutral"
"It's piss but its [NAME] piss so you make your move.","neutral"
"Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day","amusement"
"Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.","disappointment"
"/* Consciousness Level */ The Other is confused The Other is dumb <-- you are here The Other is evil","confusion"
"7-3 is the best thing I've ever done with my life","pride"
"Did he lose a bet or something? -edit- It took longer than it should have for me to realize that it was a mashup of different dudes...","realization"
"Exactly. How that woman has survived two no confidence votes amazes me.","curiosity"
"What’s a leppo?","curiosity"
"Oof. This came really close to being endearing, but mostly just landed on uncomfortable ","neutral"
"Who's excited for the reveal of mortal kombat 11 next week?","neutral"
"Actually probably trust issues, but thought people here would enjoy it. ","joy"
"I also wanted to point this out! I love JJGO!!","desire"
"Good luck for everyone pronouncing [NAME] name. If he keeps scoring like this, i'll have fun listening some commentators around NHL.","gratitude"
"To me it’s sounds like he is trying to find fault in her to make himself feel better about leaving her.","neutral"
"Was blown away until I heard everyone speaking Spanish and realised it was Mexico. Not so shocking anymore.","realization"
"This is one of the coolest things I’ve seen on Reddit","admiration"
"Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.","amusement"
"That's really good!","approval"
"[NAME] from HR is drinking again guys..","neutral"
"We had fantastic spacing that possession. Clearing all the defenders to the left side of the court so that [NAME] had a completely open lane to the basket.","admiration"
"Yeah it looks like it","approval"
"He should be banned from the nfl. I can’t get behind this.","anger"
"Yes, always during exam periods. And she was saying to everyone she was supportive and letting me focus on my stuff.","neutral"
"cars don't start, sometimes car doors are frozen shut. that's the worst of what i've experienced.","realization"
"But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.","disapproval"
"you DIDNT have ONE job. and you cocked it all up anyways!","anger"
"I hear you, but I'm at this point I'm willing to take risk","neutral"
"It's fairly modern.. It opened in 2007.","neutral"
"Yeah, you gotta have the whole saga. Had em pressed on BluRay with the menus and everything to give to my dad for Christmas","neutral"
"In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3","realization"
"What a bullet, and what a sequence for [NAME]","surprise"
"Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.","surprise"
"Pls shut up","neutral"
"Dude what's wrong with you? 4 years in a secret relationship.. you shouldn't be in one of your not comfortable telling people","neutral"
"people be sleeping on greens fastball sheesh","neutral"
"I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.","disapproval"
"I’d love the current battle system blended with the old system of sneak/blending and a modern day story that Ubisoft actually care about.","approval"
"They’re both in Austin..I don’t see [NAME] being someone to hang out with [NAME] more than the other way around.","neutral"
"Funny a lot of rich kids think 100k a year is very feasible.","joy"
"If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking "So down to earth and amazing!!1"","gratitude"
"For my next magic trick; watch me turn this bottle of fireball into domestic abuse","neutral"
"[NAME] is expected to be back after the break. That's 2 games, [NAME] will finish those up","neutral"
"Yeah hed be a pure rental so maybe [NAME] is too much. [NAME] on his contract is definitely not worth assets though. Closer to a negative asset imo","neutral"
"what are people's opinions of chronic reddit usage in a relationship?","neutral"
"[NAME] nerds thinking they are cool by assigning some bullshit fantasy words to error messages...theater mode is probably just acting up","neutral"
"Do you happen to know what time and program that was, please? I’d like to see it. Thanks. ","curiosity"
"Saw them at a free concert on my campus in 2012. They were good.","admiration"
"I mean, I know you are being sarcastic, but your words are too accurate for something a supporter would actually say ","neutral"
"Day 7 is tough... Not as tough as day 15 but tough","disappointment"
"It's cuz we've played less games than them","neutral"
"What a shame... she was passing really well too...","remorse"
"Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.","disapproval"
"Hey. Maybe talking can help you last till then. What's bothering you?","approval"
"It's definitely alive. Not sure it's doing quite so well...for 99% of people anyway.","disapproval"
"I'm glad you got the help you needed. Sorry we couldn't help you here.","joy"
"I don't get it. Maybe i need to position myself better to get dibs on batches. I literally have only made $60 a week.","approval"
"I am so so happy for you. <3","joy"
"Fuck sake man","anger"
"[NAME] can’t hurt us anymore.","neutral"
"Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.","approval"
"This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.","approval"
"Will come back rich and driving his goddamn Bentley","desire"
"It’s just a comparison to use for understanding. There are significant similarities between lobsters and humans, and lobsters are easier to study than humans.","neutral"
"This is amazing!! Will it be integrated with the 7th heaven mod collection?","curiosity"
"He now looks like his daughter wearing a fake beard.","neutral"
"Hey this is right around the corner from where I live! The skyline viewed from those little park peninsulas along Lakeshore are definitely some of my favorite sights.","neutral"
"It's not deep, it's a proverb. Actions speak louder than words. He's just paraphrasing something everyone is already told","neutral"
"That makes sense. Never thought of it like that","approval"
"ooh a piece of candy","neutral"
"Seems kind of literal","neutral"
"I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work","desire"
"Oy vey! Shut it down!","neutral"
"What interests do you have?","curiosity"
"I too rationalize how bad my my ex-girlfriend is now that she's gone. 8(","realization"
"You could always try the too faced born this way foundation. It has 40 shades now and it’s hydrating.","neutral"
"Breaking bad all over again","joy"
"No problem! Glad to help.","joy"
"Sadly this is how you get shit fixed","approval"
"Ouch! I felt that!","neutral"
"Excellent. [NAME] ([NAME] in particular) made me discover my love for DXM and other even weirder dex sounds.","admiration"
"You're ugly","disgust"
"I didn't delete it. Your moderators did. But that's what [NAME] do, they ","neutral"
"That's the most obvious lie I've seen all year...","neutral"
"I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him","gratitude"
"Well the left wants to defend [RELIGION]. Good, now that they’re on your side of the table. Own it, or denounce it","optimism"
"“Attack on masculinity” I’m dying over here you fragile motherfucker.","anger"
"just when you think it can't get worse...","neutral"
"[NAME] - I misspelt and can’t correct it now","sadness"
"This is horrible","disgust"
"People like standing in line drunk for extended periods of time, apparently. I don't know how else you could enjoy that experience except lots of booze. ","curiosity"
"This is amazingly unsatisfying.","admiration"
"Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.","neutral"
"I enjoy that general area. Sections 203-205 are good sections pricewide and view wise","joy"
"I'm not close with my family so option 1.","neutral"
"Oh man, I forgot about eBay! I have some old textbooks I’ve been meaning to put on there too.","neutral"
"Now excuse me while I go home with my briefcases full of money from alcohol and tobacco companies","neutral"
"Please get them into it. Toronto needs a better barn","desire"
"Oh man that title hurt my brain.","neutral"
"Really wanted him on the Mets. But, its gonna be fun watching [NAME] try to catch [NAME] slider. ","amusement"
"Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.","disappointment"
"This... This is where my journey ends. I was not able to make it to the end, good luck future redditors! ","disappointment"
"wooosh! orange fans mad","excitement"
"Congratulations. You posted the famous very first lolcat picture.","admiration"
"[NAME], was a hero. I just, could~~n’t~~ see it. ","neutral"
"I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors. ","disapproval"
"No you don't. The average opinion of ISIS for example is way below zero.","neutral"
"I'm also happy you're still here!!","joy"
"Media City Building maybe? 1 Heerengracht St, Cape Town City Centre, Cape Town, 8000","neutral"
"I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain","disapproval"
"Right? I was kind of hoping [NAME] would get to take a crack at it.","neutral"
"Im gonna ride a shark to work.","neutral"
"I hate it and I love it.","annoyance"
"This is going to be a disaster","disgust"
"It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.","sadness"
"I like Brown Sugar","love"
"hey the 5 riders per van per day are upset","neutral"
"I giggled. Then looked at my corgi and imagined him stuck butt first in a big wine bottle.","neutral"
"Wait till I show up in threads and start saying opposites just to trick you.","neutral"
"Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.","approval"
"Auch, that's gotta hurt...","caring"
"Natural selection, I love you. ","love"
"People who live in glass houses...... [NAME]. This punk has no right to smack.","neutral"
"i like the poster","love"
"I second this. All signs point towards him biding his time until the next election and hopefully solidifying his place to expunge the filth.","neutral"
"Thank you for your service o7","gratitude"
"The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-","neutral"
"I've pulled a long, curly black hair out of my mouth while eating a meal once... I'm a man with very short blonde hair. 🤢","disappointment"
"I liked [NAME] too, but I'll take [NAME] over him 10 times out of 10.","love"
"Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?","nervousness"
"[NAME] IS SO CUTE WITH THE "MINE" SdgksadGDKLSG:","love"
">They will sell us the ropes and all that. Quoting a mass murderer who especially targeted democratic socialists on the subject of preparing mass murder...","neutral"
"[NAME] seemed pretty pissed at himself for last game and kept saying at the end watching the film inspired him to go hit the gym","admiration"
"Looks like your hormones are not working properly.","annoyance"
"omg lke ikr","admiration"
"Or they really trust Verdugo","neutral"
"This is a throwback game. So many plays in the low post","surprise"
"Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for","joy"
"Hey man, as a [NAME] living part time in South Africa, I really appreciate you making a beautiful version of our flag :)","admiration"
"Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.","curiosity"
"wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho","disapproval"
"In her defense it’s like 20 something degrees in Indiana right now","neutral"
"[NAME] man, how have you not suffocated with your head so far up your ass?","disappointment"
"i feel ya","optimism"
"Ahhh more and more selfish","anger"
"True. I just always enjoyed the atmosphere of that place. And a couple of the sandwiches weren't bad at all.","joy"
"oh you.","neutral"
"Gorgeous. We headed to the Bob Hall pier to watch it on the beach.","admiration"
"I'm getting worried","nervousness"
"Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️","disapproval"
"No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.","anger"
"Please don’t! Don’t stop fighting! I made it through NY you can too, we all can x","disappointment"
"Ohh that's in season I like that one","love"
"[NAME] must have like 6 rebounds already","neutral"
"That would be very cool and a nice non-HP bar visualization.","neutral"
"Careful, now. Suggesting this kind of dialogue at Google is what got [NAME] fired.","annoyance"
"Welcome to Texas though! Go explore it!","excitement"
"Uhhhhh...it ain't cheaper than upstate especially the Syracuse, Rochester, and Buffalo area. It's much more expensive. ","realization"
"There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.","annoyance"
"Yeah. And for some people it takes longer than that to really kick in.","neutral"
"It's actually insane how she looks like [NAME].","approval"
"At least there’s still more likes than dislikes","neutral"
"I think teams will still cut the cross-seam that made [NAME] and [NAME] so deadly last year. This is awesome nonetheless.","admiration"
"It's pretty convenient","approval"
"this is a thing? oh no","surprise"
"Both are weird.","realization"
"I absolutely agree 100%.","approval"
"Maybe you just don't like women that much...","disapproval"
"uhh guys love natural beauty in a partner but the random effort is like a cool surprise","love"
"It’s my favorite part of the whole week","admiration"
"Why would you doubt it dumbass?","confusion"
"Alright, and I remember what [NAME] is but I’m trying to go to sleep so don’t remind me.","sadness"
"It would be that much in the States too but, subsidized. Edit: not sure about the down votes. ","confusion"
"I might be wrong about the details. But it is odd.","neutral"
"Will do tonight!","excitement"
"I think all coffee is keto already....","approval"
"Serious props for this it embodies the grumps perfectly.","neutral"
"Your actions mean your gf is still being bullied. Nice move","admiration"
"I'd say [NAME] at 8 is pretty disrespectful","disappointment"
"all I did was snitch on him","anger"
"Ooooo that boy is going *down*","neutral"
"This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F","approval"
"I actually find running harder than passing on all madden","disappointment"
"These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.","anger"
"We've had so many stories about [NAME], that we do NOT need any about Florida lady. LOL","realization"
"Why don't you just tell us? We're all dying to know!","curiosity"
"They’re not hated for their ethnicity. They’re hated for their actions&behavior.","neutral"
"How does that work on joystick though? Never played on console, is this still a problem?","surprise"
"Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.","disappointment"
"What a pain. I don’t understand the tantrums whatsoever. Respectfully decline or express incompatibility and some of them just explode out of no where! Smh","disappointment"
"books are good","admiration"
"What's the name of the artist that featured him? Can't remember it","curiosity"
"As if the sweet release of death is *worse* than getting stuck behind some idiot","neutral"
"I still enjoy the content here sometimes, but....finally! This post nailed it.","admiration"
"That I’d have no way of verifying. Trolls can report things as well as normal users.","neutral"
"Fake news. Kids would be long dead by that age","sadness"
"This is a powerful mood.","neutral"
"The mango pods I purchased in New Zealand gave me a crazy headache but other flavours did not.","realization"
"I'm not even a funny one tho","disappointment"
"COME TO BUTTHEAD","neutral"
"What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub","amusement"
"by way of Real Clutch","neutral"
"This!!! This!!! Is the definition of a choosy beggar. You give a hand and they want your arm.","neutral"
"I would love it if we got Nino! Nino - Mitts - Sheary would be a great second line.","admiration"
"“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”","anger"
"Has Medicaid stopped? Most people I know who support this want Medicare or Medicaid for all.","curiosity"
"Wow! I can save $15 and buy this used version?!?!? How wonderful!","excitement"
"Yeah, considering guns by themselves aren’t an issue (like I so thoroughly explained to you), that’s a valid argument. ","admiration"
"It means >![NAME] is the only one really close to Dutch now.!<","realization"
"They are more ninja than freaking tremor and ermac.","realization"
"Thank you [NAME]","gratitude"
"What documentaries would you recommend? I want to see it.","neutral"
"Absolutely, yes. I could not feel better right now, and I could not have felt worse yesterday.","approval"
"Just goes to show how stupid they are","anger"
"You need to lable your factors or else this is indecipherable.","neutral"
"Oh look me","surprise"
"Not interested. Old, slow, not a scheme fit.","disappointment"
"I love this","love"
"Good news. Makes me feel BCH is way underpriced and has a huge upside.","excitement"
"I am happy for you. No, seriously, I am.","approval"
"That's sad. I'm 16 and where I am there are loads of athiests my age. It's great.","admiration"
"Whoops, I'm* dying. But I wish, they make so much money. ","remorse"
"Myself preferring daytime, 2 to 2.5 hours would be more than reasonable as long as the effect to the SB is not work stressing.","neutral"
"That's not the point. It's not supposed to be unexpected, this subreddit simply is dedicated to the memorial today.","disapproval"
"How can they tell if someone is a conservative? It's not like most of us go around wearing MAGA hats and Thomas Sowell patches on leather jackets.","disapproval"
"No, you were not stupid. You were young and vulnerable, and they took advantage of that.","caring"
"They're dont that on purpose. A few years ago they decided to show you what they want and not what is actually important.","neutral"
"Since no one posted it yet","neutral"
"Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.","desire"
"[NAME] Damn [NAME]","neutral"
"Good luck to you! Also good job for standing up for yourself","gratitude"
"Maybe she'll finish Wardenclyffe Tower and stop Slappy and his monsters!","neutral"
"I doesn't have nudity so i didnt NSFW it, but i get why you'd say that. thanks for the compliment tho","gratitude"
"Sir, this would not be worth watching if he left out the best part.","disapproval"
"i wasn't quite sure how waivers worked either, had to look it up earlier :/ not everyone knows everything.","realization"
"And why didn’t Connecticut improve as well?","curiosity"
"Usually its better just to ignore the dude whos insane, because you don't know if he has a knife or a gun","caring"
"You didn't deserve to win after drafting [NAME] in the 2nd","neutral"
"You’re thinking too technically about it. All politicians should be threatened with life in prison or execution if they go back on the word.","neutral"
"now this is epic","neutral"
"It just isn't... Admit it","neutral"
"It's just the reliability of a Honda. But I don't know a whole lot.","confusion"
"the young and the goal-less Thanks TSN, i hate it","anger"
"Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad","gratitude"
"As a [NAME], this very relatable","approval"
"Dogs can go on the internet?","neutral"
"The Angels should recruit him. (only a bit /s)","approval"
"Yea I spotted it a bit later and decided to just leave it,","approval"
"Isn’t that the same as idols? I thought it’s a big nono for any intercession when it comes to [NAME]. I could be wrong though","neutral"
"Yeah suck it, California","anger"
"How’d you film this and what type of microscope/camera did you use? This is great!! Thank you for creating and sharing.","admiration"
"Also very funny that communists can still expect it to end up in a different end-game. Well not funny though. :","amusement"
"Communism is 100x worse than muh evil nazis. Commies need the whole world to follow their ideology and even then it would not work.","neutral"
"Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!","anger"
"OOF. DEAD ON","approval"
"Nice try Lumi","admiration"
"There’s a 9/11 chance he’s juicy.","neutral"
"beat kenpom #11 on the road without [NAME] or [NAME]. [NAME] big ten player of the year and [NAME] is a dynamite defender","neutral"
"You got this bro!!!!","admiration"
"shouldve came to america smh","neutral"
"These are so handy for quick reference to when they play, thanks for posting!","gratitude"
"Better stay out of trouble or they might send you off to a jihadi madrasah girls school","neutral"
"That’s awesome! Good call :) settling my alarm now m/","admiration"
"At this point all you can do is put full faith in the man. Let him get creative","approval"
"Unless you have actual ADHD lol. But I think this was mostly meant to be funny","amusement"
"Basement fucking flooded","disgust"
"You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.","caring"
"Ok who is yelling OHHHH every time [NAME] throws a punch","neutral"
"What does that even mean?","confusion"
"Thank you! I will take that warning under consideration. History is brutal but there's detail and unnecessary detail.","approval"
"Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.","neutral"
"I’d be afraid to get high after that yo","fear"
"great ideas!","admiration"
"Alternately, the stock price is overvalued and heavily shorted.* Plenty of people make money any time it falls. * Last time I checked.","approval"
"This just reminded me to continue designing that bloody website.","annoyance"
"Omg enough of all the damn hashtags, it’s not 2016 anymore","anger"
"Good job!","admiration"
"1: you deserve it 2: I think you're neat 3: literally it's no problem, I really like talking to you. honestly. ","admiration"
"It’s probably warmer in the freezer than it is outside. Oof","neutral"
"I never went back to the post to see if it was BOA, but I’m not surprised if it was. That was my first guess. ","disapproval"
"Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud","disgust"
"I think that question has a very complicated answer","neutral"
"This isn't even his highlight of his week. It's the highlight of the last few decades. Damn onions.","annoyance"
"It's wonderful because it's awful. At not with.","fear"
"Oohhh so you go to school on a military base? Is your mom or dad in the military or both?","curiosity"
"IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT MAMA","disapproval"
"Not talking about [NAME] as I've barely seen any of that, just the implication that [NAME] got a lot of new mixups","caring"
"Please remove the initials at the subscribers to /r/feet, but I have sand in the hopes that someone called him out.","optimism"
"> nearly always That sounds unconstitutional..","disappointment"
"Prove him wrong.","neutral"
"scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys","fear"
"When mum comes home and I realise it's hug time","realization"
"That is by far too strong of a passive","optimism"
"Want too big and lean to be naturally achievable.","desire"
"Indeed. And good on those that do so. I wish those I've heard complain about what they don't know would be so proactive.","desire"
"No one ever laid on their death bed and said, “I regret not working even harder.”","approval"
"Fuck you're cool","excitement"
"Oh I didn't know. Please give me his P.O. Box address so I can submit them immediately. Cause I am definitely uninterested in blowing out my intestines.","approval"
"And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck. ","neutral"
"thank you! he’s a boob and his wife is a fool...","gratitude"
"What’s worse is that the judge and businessman are old college buds.","disgust"
"Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.","approval"
"I see, Unfortunately I don't think equity has ever turned out well in history. Humans have tried many times and failed with catastrophic consequences.","neutral"
"Appreciate the help!","admiration"
"Yes in 5he 80s when everybody in NYC was snorting coke at the clubs he was [NAME]. He was also rich then.","realization"
"okay but i need a strategy on how to deal with this","neutral"
"I wish I could too.","desire"
"Passed a CR England driver last week who had his phone mounted in the middle of his windshield with video playing. Blatant retardism","neutral"
"None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.","disgust"
"Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field","gratitude"
"Yes what the fuck is going on here","anger"
"thanks guys appreciate the clarifications!","gratitude"
"YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER","annoyance"
"Pickles taste good.","admiration"
"yeah, fuck [NAME]","anger"
"Yes, we are going to kink shame you. ","approval"
"You should’ve just put that in the original comment then","realization"
"I noticed a lot of times racists just try to bait people so you did the right thing.","approval"
"I don't wear panties. You'll need to describe the sensation.","neutral"
"I hope that's a bug because it looks downright embarrassingly bad","embarrassment"
"Trinity: Ru: >THIS IS THE TOP LEVEL DRAG YOURE DOING IT HERE RIGHT NOW","neutral"
"[Here you go] (","neutral"
"He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!","realization"
"Good. Now we just need people to dislike commies more than they do now","admiration"
"I agree with you. [NAME] would be awesome here.","admiration"
"I love sliding so yea","love"
"I get scared just reading your flair","fear"
"My mother did this. This isn't just a millennial thing.","realization"
"The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.","neutral"
"Nope! But happy for you❣️","gratitude"
"Way too small, what a bummer. ","neutral"
"wait, no more [NAME] SJW pwned vids in my recommended? YOU DARE DISGRACE OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR?","curiosity"
"Weird combinaison of letters for french poeple","disgust"
"FRIENDSHIP WITH [NAME] OVER. [NAME] IS NEW BEST FRIEND.","approval"
"Where are the frozen pie crusts? Can you call someone on that (handheld)? Can you get me a fish?","curiosity"
"You just blew my mind. Why haven't I thought of that before. You think someone would have explored that far east.","curiosity"
"Might I suggest if you give yourself an epithet with the word 'prick' you are infact inviting a little denigration from the jaded?","confusion"
"...and today will be like any other day. We aren't here to interfere with you.","disapproval"
"[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon","love"
"> Take away the snow and it looks like an IU home game. Damn [NAME].","anger"
"So glad you got justice and closure. You can properly begin to heal now. I’m not sure I ever will get the same sadly","approval"
"Ah, the old [NAME] to [NAME] to [NAME] to [NAME] pipeline.","approval"
"Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall. ","annoyance"
"Imagine spending the day having to hear excuses from people slowly killing themselves. He's too kind.","neutral"
"Because he’s actually cool with racism and anti-semitism. Just draws the line at rape.","approval"
"Did you know it inspired a direct to dvd adaptation with the same name?","realization"
"We're out of the environment, it's ok.","relief"
"Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.","admiration"
"My opponent froze the timer, my match was only 1 second! Also ty.","neutral"
"What a stupid stretch lmao.","amusement"
"> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.","disapproval"
"It's a strange decision that they scheduled this to conflict with the NFL playoffs in the United States.","confusion"
"fuck these dysfunctional, insecure mattresses","disgust"
"Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.","approval"
"I feel personally attacked by this salad","fear"
"> It's almost like people are people I've been saying this a lot lately.","neutral"
"I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.","gratitude"
"You are very pretty. You also seen to have good taste in popsicles, that looks delicious.","love"
"I agree with that sentiment. But Doordash is not a job worth doing. I worked for less than minimum wage all summer.","neutral"
"Good video, friend","admiration"
"I would’ve gotten the “oooh lights!” look from the truck if I’d tried that","neutral"
"So. Damn. Greasy.","annoyance"
"Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.","neutral"
"I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.","desire"
"I'd imagine the confusion would be far greater, especially amongst the [RELIGION] community considering there is no aspect of Ramadan that prevents [NAME] from doing exams. ","neutral"
"There is little attempt being made to protect native-born people from the negative effects of mass migration. If you think that is morally correct you are insane.","caring"
"He seems to think that will take too long. I guess he’d rather complain to me.","optimism"
"Change politicians' healthcare to that of the average citizen, and this could all be sorted out much faster. ","approval"
"I'd be so pissed if that was my lunch","annoyance"
"You're in for a treat- enjoy :)","joy"
"I thinks he's the leader of one those Turkish backed rebel groups. He was accused of raping the wife of one his soldiers and screwing prostitutes.","neutral"
"I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball","admiration"
"Pulisic is a replacement for our abysmal right wing.","neutral"
"She does it again in last nights episode, it’s so shady!!","joy"
"I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time","amusement"
"I was also terribly confused. I’ll jump on and play with you sometime, working tonight unfortunately.","confusion"
"“Respect the house” while it is impossible to live in your own before you're 30 nowadays","realization"
"They see me rollin’.....","neutral"
"The claim that whole milk is 40% fat is surprisingly not the most absurd part of this picture. /j","surprise"
"The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/","disapproval"
"It's amazing how polar opposite [NAME] is from Thibs","excitement"
"These people think a magic man in the sky watches them masturbate..... not exactly high runners in the critical thinking fields","confusion"
"Looks about 17 years old here","admiration"
"I'm sorry if this is Real but this sounds like something from r/thathappened But if it is Real then kudos and sąd that the EK didnt buy you a ps4","remorse"
"then explain to me why everytime I post reply to u/955bsp, in an old post, you start spamming me","neutral"
"i didn't knew your toe can get that flat without breaking the nail in thousand of pieces","realization"
"I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.","approval"
"AHAHA I’d love that dream but replace him With [NAME] 😂 or Arizona ","admiration"
"Happy Cake Day! :)","amusement"
"[NAME] has the same amount of points as [NAME]","neutral"
"I'm going to use "my dicky has to perpetually get sticky" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!","amusement"
"Narcissistic people sometimes convince family members of that. It's a form of controlling people who would otherwise leave.","neutral"
"It would honestly make sense for her track record and she’s releasing her new song and it’s a plastic runway and she made of plastic","excitement"
"Why would we sign [NAME] when we already have a full time shortstop and third baseman?","annoyance"
"Doesnt matter where it happened, retail companys will find any excuse to throw their employies under the bus","neutral"
"We also one because [NAME] straight took that game over late.","annoyance"
"Let's give him two contracts for good measure","caring"
"An Alabama DOINK!!","neutral"
"Thanks bot!","gratitude"
"Now that’s wild","anger"
"Sometimes i don't even comment anymore, i think if something is actually worth my time or anyone's for that matter.","admiration"
"Got 4 or 5 episodes in and didn't really care for it. Heard it gets better from 1st season on tho","annoyance"
"just supporting the Padres and cheering against Dodgers-supporting teams","neutral"
"Reminded me of this Bizarro comic.","neutral"
"[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve","desire"
"It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.","anger"
"I miss him on our pp","caring"
"Congrats! Glad it went well for you!","admiration"
"The details on this building are fantastic. If anyone gets a chance to see it up close, you definitely should.","admiration"
"would I be correct to refer to this as "pop feminism?" I think we're talking about the same thing when I say that.","confusion"
"That's because: Emotion = Reality","approval"
"The important thing is that you're having fun","amusement"
"It’s shocking isn’t it? I paid less for a flight from London to Manchester than it would have cost for the train.","surprise"
"Ugh sucker punch","annoyance"
"Uhhhh... didn’t y’all just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.","neutral"
"I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD","anger"
"His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere","sadness"
"They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.","amusement"
"Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.","disapproval"
"The missing salsa is driving me nuts!","amusement"
"Thankkks and np","gratitude"
"I was actually a little lost here and there for an episode or two because I didn't remember everything from season 1. It came back to me though","sadness"
"That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.","annoyance"
"What a bullet, and what a sequence for [NAME]","admiration"
"I like it I just wish he’d drop the m and apostrophe","desire"
">Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.","admiration"
"Poor and lonely.","disappointment"
"Really feeling you today.","approval"
"I'd guess if they could do a basic blood panel (chem-7?) that would be a billion dollar idea.","neutral"
"Its more about Russia not making such overtly antagonistic statements about Iran.","approval"
"Russian prostitutes are overblown. It's not even that common. There isn't really any widespread negative perceptions about [NAME] in South Korea.","neutral"
"I mean, I know you are being sarcastic, but your words are too accurate for something a supporter would actually say ","neutral"
"What country have you move to?","curiosity"
"So you are saying they are doing exactly what they are supposed to do with the money and hire people to work on it.","neutral"
"I was with you until you said "your truth". No such thing, mate. This is just mispropaganda in the other direction. ","neutral"
"*Some restrictions may apply. Not valid in the United States. Void where prohibited.","neutral"
"Because they pay into the EU we can't threaten to cut their allowance...","annoyance"
"I for the life of me can’t figure out what this has to do with polyamory","neutral"
"damn, Now THAT's detail.","neutral"
"Then I’m sorry but this game really isn’t for you. Progression like that would ruin the base of what this game is.","disapproval"
"This is why I have trust issues","realization"
"They're more off beat than Blueface. I didn't think that was possible.","neutral"
"I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes","caring"
"So thankful for the conclusion. Having no idea how this played out was definitely going to haunt me","gratitude"
"Easy money, thank you [NAME]","gratitude"
"Oh no... It's never had sex before.","approval"
"Yeah, sometimes you just remember stuff! It's a little weird to thank yourself publicly, but why not?","embarrassment"
"[NAME] damn good save","approval"
"Oh this one is making the rounds again? The new cohort of [NAME] must have arrived","approval"
"Pant full of turd.","embarrassment"
"I used to fantasize about my morning oatmeal. One packet of instant oatmeal. [NAME] dreamed about it.","neutral"
"Definitely very messy. Thank you so much for your advice! Really hoping this works out okay.","caring"
"The trouble is that they are, in fact, very devout [NAME]. ","fear"
"Congratulations, you can into geolibertarianism","gratitude"
"Exactly[NAME] is refusing to acknowledge that his romantic relationship, as formed, is over and to move on. OP, you're incompatible.","neutral"
"> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.","neutral"
"My nmom always says "Well, you learned from it!"","neutral"
"Crash. We should stop calling them "accidents" because they rarely are. Crash implies, as it should, blame. ","annoyance"
"I can't wear mine everyday but I love my leggings from Forever 21. They're comfy and cost less than five dollars a pair.","approval"
"I heard your dad went into a restaurant and ate all the food in the restaurant and they had to close the restaurant.","realization"
"We occasionally awake from our routines and wonder if we are still alive.","curiosity"
"This makes two times in the last 4 years that the #1 high school football player has came out of New Jersey , the other being [NAME]","neutral"
"Deathly afraid, the undersides of boats too. I can't look if I see them in a picture or movie","fear"
"No i didn’t all i know is that i binged 3 seasoms of it.","disapproval"
"I’m not frustrated... i think I was trying to be nice.. but now I’m confused and awkward. My apologies","anger"
"Wasn’t around during Freelyread’s time, but I’m only hearing good things here. Come home Freelyread. ","joy"
"Ah thanks. I was posting on mobile so sub rules aren’t as obvious.","gratitude"
"She might be hungry too since she didn’t lose her head ... feed that skinny thang","caring"
"That's a big meal.","neutral"
"So glad for him, he's such a good man and deserves everything good ","admiration"
"I really wish my husband could get his sleeping disorder under control.","desire"
"I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7. ","disapproval"
"The one with the hot honey is also fantastic. Touch of heat and just a hint of sweet. Good food.","admiration"
"That poor cleaning lady","sadness"
"As opposed to?","neutral"
"i hope this grossed u out ur welcome 😎","optimism"
"When I get a brain freeze, I grab my chest and throat. Very painful. Then i keep eating. ","nervousness"
"**[NAME] intensifies**","neutral"
"He’s not wrong, I’m not sure why he’s being downvoted. He’s having an awful year","approval"
"Cool as hell","annoyance"
"It's hard to have a nuanced opinion, innit? But I don't like everything he does. This is one if them.","disapproval"
"gotta love the random spidey head to the left on the third shelf","neutral"
"It's a great side business. Great margins no returns","admiration"
"This is scary.","fear"
"Not that I fully disagree but this seems a lot more like a rant that you want people to back you up on rather than a genuine question.","annoyance"
"Love when [NAME] goes for those big hits","admiration"
"My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.","anger"
"You’re not going to convince anyone else either if you refuse to back up any of your claims.","sadness"
"You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon","annoyance"
"Better than just saying hey :)","neutral"
"Good that corporate knows about it. They'll launch a LP investigation and fuck the idiots doing this.","caring"
"Haha and [NAME] is calling the Chicago crew the most triggered bunch. Then proceeds to scream at them like the little triggered bitch he is.","annoyance"
"after another rape joke, though I think both times he was quoting It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. ","neutral"
"Just heard on the news that it’s reopening now. I’m assuming it was a little electrical fire so they evacuated everyone as a precaution","neutral"
""Didn't know you can predict the future"","disapproval"
"Thank you. Well said.","gratitude"
"If you want any hope of getting better, you must stop everything and anything with underage girls...forever ","caring"
"I think it depends on the combo whether you can block or not. Right? Sometimes blocking works other times not so much.","disapproval"
"John Oliver is a fucking liberal pig.","admiration"
"Ayyy 6 days !","excitement"
"hell yeah dude","approval"
"Hey, remember when [NAME] said furries are all catfuckers? Glad he's changed since then.","curiosity"
"Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.","confusion"
"It's got home made bread pudding so therefore the rest has to be good!","desire"
"This! The [NAME] need to be kicked out!","annoyance"
"My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires","disappointment"
"How do you know if this gets downvoted to hell, but a lot of times before dying (6 hits taken.).","confusion"
"[NAME] finally getting WCW going I see..","admiration"
"No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol","amusement"
"Wow, whereabouts in Croydon are you it wasn't this bad where I am! ","realization"
"I had a breakdown last night at around 3AM.","approval"
"That guy who melodramatically dances around playing horribly soppy poppy chord progressions over and over and does a cringy dance that makes me want to kill things?","disgust"
"Wow are you saying political agitators will drum up a controlled crisis and disseminate the edited video through a foreign fake twitter account","confusion"
"Ouch. That hurt the ego. And that’s not easy to do.","annoyance"
"I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.","approval"
"Who the hell thought he was dead, seriously.","anger"
"These stats don't specify if the cops are in the right for killing someone","grief"
"No matter how hard you scrub it WON'T COME OUT.","neutral"
"I feel like most of us were pricks as kids","approval"
"This guy is bigger than [NAME], maybe. But I've never heard of him.","disapproval"
"Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.","approval"
"Then he'll spend your worth plus some, or ...","neutral"
"Yea but then he did the boop so it's fine","neutral"
"I’m also glad I’m not the only one that swears a lot at the bastard objects.","joy"
"Thank you for this video","gratitude"
"Now [NAME] breaking stories for us!?!","confusion"
"Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)","approval"
"Projection in the sense that they are projecting their infantilism and naivety.","neutral"
"as the old saying goes, we know what they all r, just trying to negoiate the price.","neutral"
"As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.","disapproval"
"At home with a viral infection right now! Praying for death and to the god of paracetamol. Ugh.","anger"
"That’s my mission :) thank you so much","gratitude"
"Wow! You are close to me in age. I would never do that.","excitement"
"Sorry I haven't been keeping up to date, what happens next week?","remorse"
"Weird how analgesic is the opposite of what I might’ve guessed it to mean","curiosity"
"Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!","amusement"
"What a stupid stretch lmao.","annoyance"
"Whoa this is really creepy","fear"
"I fear slowly losing myself, and my cognition over an illness far more than I fear dying from a random accident tbh. ","fear"
"I see him doing that.","neutral"
"Being adorable mostly","disappointment"
"I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.","admiration"
"[NAME] was actually wrong all along. JAH > Jokic /s","disapproval"
"Someone who’s to sad and empty to care about toast... me I guess?","approval"
"[NAME] isn't a race mate","neutral"
"Was about to say, if that guy is going to remember the amazing Kansas 2007 season, can't leave out our 06.","neutral"
"Has it been confirmed fake yet? Or is it just really obvious that it's fake?","confusion"
"12 is ambitious!! I’ll do this with you, but my goal would be 4 ","neutral"
"It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.","admiration"
"Why would you doubt it dumbass?","anger"
"Because punishing the poor was why they didn't buy arguments that they should vote Remain because we're all prospering.","neutral"
"And ate it. No wonder he died.","amusement"
"dont care what you call it, just glad he's getting the job done. its what elections are about.","annoyance"
"No they are not.","disapproval"
"Thanks for posting that. I’d thought that I had seen all the Rice footage in existence. Good stuff.","gratitude"
"Delete this. Not relevant.","disapproval"
"Yes, you selfish prick. ","annoyance"
"The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.","annoyance"
"I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed ","realization"
"Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.","fear"
"It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.","love"
"I really love [NAME]","joy"
"Oh sod off.","neutral"
"1+1 = 2 1+1(+1) = 3 Know all the facts before you do your maths","neutral"
"‘My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt’","anger"
"[NAME], I hope so..","optimism"
"You used the correct term. Good job.","admiration"
"Not sure how kittens “lol” but I’ll take your word for it.","confusion"
"Is this from “Please Like Me”? I loved that show. The last season had me in tears though. Really hard to watch. 😢","love"
"I do, and I've experienced a similar situation falling asleep. Like my mind is fixated on an object that keeps getting bigger and bigger.","neutral"
"This is one of those hobbies where the exit strategy is paralysis or death.","approval"
"I absolutely hate the guy. Can't stand him. But we live in country with laws and he broke none. I think lynch mobs are more gross","caring"
"Intersectionality might seem strange at first, but it really is a good framework for understanding people’s individual struggles within the context of society’s biases.","approval"
"Lucky for me the yellow ones are my favourite","joy"
"Burn wait someone already did it sorry","realization"
"Ah [NAME] I love this post!","neutral"
"I dont need Antidepressants, i need good friends","disapproval"
"This was a floating barge of bullshit bound to ignorance, which is headed for a recycle bin on my desktop.","nervousness"
"under inflated tires can cause tire fires, as per the DoT handbook and fmcsa","disapproval"
"Yeah I was impressed with it too! I've to pay to see results of responses past the 100th one but other than that it's top notch","approval"
"This is damn sick. Has almost a vapor wave feel lol.","amusement"
"Silence and For Greater Glory","neutral"
">very unlikely Literally impossible","disapproval"
"Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.","love"
"I appreciate the advice! This is something I’ve been trying to figure out, like I said.","admiration"
"I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.","annoyance"
"Future generations will look back at this period and realize that this whole "Western civilization" thing was the real fantasy ","desire"
"Who [NAME] should fight next after AB","neutral"
"Maybe go to the gym and lay off the tendies?","neutral"
"Geez. Why is Duchene their 3C?","neutral"
"Weird I'm short and have anxiety and depression and somehow I'm not an incel.","nervousness"
"Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱","neutral"
"Haaaaa this was just on OZ the other night. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Where was this claim that they were the rightful owners of the fiat currency? I'm guessing that did not hold up in court..","neutral"
"I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.","approval"
"Well it would be a man telling a man with no shame how to dress...","disgust"
"No, you are saying that.","neutral"
"All this confirmation makes me suspicious. I wan't my innocence back, internet","neutral"
"[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.","approval"
"Dig up, stupid! ","anger"
"2-4 minutes is not enough time to wash long hair. 10-15 minutes minimum. Stay strong!","caring"
"Yeah, other poster only did it for karma + 69","neutral"
"Where's this snow everyone's talking about? Just looked out the window and there's no snow here.","curiosity"
"What a totally innocent and integral part of our society! So glad our tax money can keep him company over his year long holiday!","annoyance"
"Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers","disapproval"
"Seeing him give the stone was the only one left in the entire universe, that’s like having a problem (which is really distribution).","disappointment"
"Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes","joy"
".....still thinking of something.....","neutral"
"That is the issue with most things, if you work there you can not win, as well as friends and family members.","disappointment"
"You are goddam funny sir","admiration"
"Hey, me too. Good luck tomorrow ","optimism"
"I'm having the same problem. Hoping that there is some good advice in response to this! Hugs though hon, I feel your pain.","caring"
"It boggles my mind every day how easily conspiracy theorist stuck their flag in Trumpland.","realization"
"That’s it guys, we’re racist now","disappointment"
"Always interesting to hear how dom mechanics kinda seep into other relationships lol","neutral"
"IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]","neutral"
"He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....","caring"
"I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.","approval"
"Completely dwarfs the £14 billion we send to the EU a year.","neutral"
"Aha! Thank you for that.","gratitude"
"Just called my mom and told her I love her, thank you reddit mom!","gratitude"
"I'm gonna guess other people in the Texans org don't feel he deserves the credit you're giving him.","optimism"
"She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.","sadness"
"For free? Tell him you ain no prude. You want $100","neutral"
"I wish [NAME] would read our Subreddit and comment in here.","neutral"
"My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music ","admiration"
"You’re in a sub about getting [NAME] elected.","approval"
"Ignore the trolls this is a fantastic idea.","admiration"
"I understand your point. But I’d still rather get some stuff stolen than lose a member of the family.","annoyance"
"ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)","disappointment"
"There's ignite on the lane too, that's an upkeep kill on censor. I agree that horn into coup could have been a better play though.","approval"
"I'm a woman and I lost mine at 26 (was just a later bloomer) This obsession with virginity is odd.","disappointment"
"Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday","confusion"
"Apparently, you'd want an Alberta with a censor on what we read. Bully for you.","annoyance"
"I’m incredibly jealous of you and yours. Congratulations. Maybe someday I’ll have someone.. but I dream.","gratitude"
"[NAME] so good. What a gem.","admiration"
"Everytime I see this, I can't help but feel someone forces the cats paw into the brownie. ","sadness"
"That's when they brew their second cuppa before work haha","neutral"
"You don't have a confession then?","neutral"
"I am inexplicably excited by [NAME]. I get so excited by how he curls passes","excitement"
"It's about 20 years. They let me out early because of good behavior.","neutral"
"Downvote. These slippers cute as hell.","disapproval"
"Here a great example of what adrenaline from fear and panic make an animal do.","curiosity"
"Yeah, [NAME] was doing a fly by at the top of the net and [NAME] stuck his head out... ","approval"
"Will do. Have a good night man.","optimism"
"i’n on a diet for my disease AND to lose weight therefore it cancels out boys, i’m scot free","joy"
"I'm sad for the bot. They only want a purpose","sadness"
"No, because I don't have to. This is an "Everyone else" problem.","neutral"
"Sorry I should have been more specific! A spiral chemical perm (I love curly hair!)","disappointment"
"If I'm dipping my crust, it's in marinara sauce EDIT: I love hot sauce on pizza","love"
"How so. What is the basis for your feeling of universal entitlement?","neutral"
"I'm hoping it will pass but I do know you may be correct. I'm just not sure what to do.","confusion"
"Jokes on you. I have anxiety so I do this a lot","excitement"
"I'm I the only one actually rooting for them to make the playoffs next year, I don't hate them or anything unless we face em","neutral"
"My life!","neutral"
"It's just projection..they can't take a joke so they think no one else can either.","annoyance"
"Also, do you have a link with updates? I cannot find any reports like this. ","curiosity"
"Passion is the best.","neutral"
"THAT'S NOT HOW THIS GAME WORKS.","neutral"
"> Same guy that was saying about this time last year that using P2PKH was harmful to Bitcoin and people should use SegWit. Liar","realization"
"pay me $92,000 dollars and Ill stay single forever lmao","neutral"
"This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.","joy"
"unpopular opinion - but [NAME]. I'd take him over [NAME] any day.","neutral"
"don't we all hate them?","neutral"
"Thank you for the great recommendation. I'll get on that as soon as I can, and keep you updated.","gratitude"
"Yep, especially if the mob on reddit is any indication of the group-think that’s going on in 2019.","neutral"
"Ironic if an alt-right nutjob finally makes the alt-right nutjob mods finally mod. Maybe even cruelty can only take so much piss in its coffee.","anger"
"You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.","disappointment"
"The “figuring it out” part seems really hard","nervousness"
"I thought that was more for women? I used to be on r/antinatalism but there were too many eugenics advocates.","neutral"
"Trust your gut","optimism"
"At least we aren’t getting blown out. And Vegas is hot right now","approval"
"Fair enough, but that doesn't mean she won't in 2020.","disapproval"
"Ugh the fans smh","neutral"
"Single best comment in the thread and puts my own feelings to words.","desire"
"So long, and thanks for all the fish. ","gratitude"
"So we should just complete one study on anything, never question the results or methods, and just accept the initial study as gospel. Gotcha.","approval"
"On to the next one!","neutral"
"Here's my guess: they are educated, and tired of being treated like second class citizens by the D party for being men.","approval"
"So the time of death would be when the doctor confirms them dead?","curiosity"
"Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]","anger"
"How did this not get marked as meta? Tried posting something similar here and it was instantly flagged as “meta commentary about the sub” and blocked.","neutral"
"I like offensive humour. But just because somethings offensive doesn't mean it's funny.","optimism"
"Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it","annoyance"
"I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.","approval"
"It tore off lol. The bracket isn’t installed on delivery.","disappointment"
"What does [NAME] do?","neutral"
"Ah I needed this!!","realization"
"Tbf I don't think you can get much snakier than wishing for someone's pet to die","annoyance"
"Adjust your W4. Everyone has to pay taxes, so save it with the "I have to send a check to the government!" BS. ","anger"
"hope so! Gfinity3 at the copperbox was an incredible event/atmosphere","admiration"
"My bf just got this too. He's obsessed","neutral"
"I wish more people enjoyed that sport.. when that clay explodes you get that FEEL","desire"
"My boyfriend is transitioning and I hope he turns out as handsome as you!","admiration"
"That's why I don't open Instagram that much","annoyance"
"I have an issue metabolizing medications fast. I'll wake up during surgeries so they give me a lot of drugs.","disappointment"
"This is cursed","anger"
"I'm still insisting he is not her dad...","disapproval"
"I have dayz but haven’t played in years. Last I heard it’s still a broken mess lol.","amusement"
"Nevermind, I see now Yikers ","disgust"
"That was an old-fashioned Good old hockey brawl! What a fight! [NAME] definitely got the best of him though!","admiration"
"The double standard. Taking pictures of women without their permission is taboo and creepy.","anger"
"CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT "virgins gonna be scared"","fear"
"It was white, just had some black beads on the bodice. Thanks, that was really interesting! ","gratitude"
"They’re words and they’re hilarious","amusement"
"I wish I could :( tried","sadness"
"To be fair he probably is saying that.","neutral"
"Not surprised...he has ZERO interest in finding a job and living like a responsible adult...","disapproval"
"[NAME] absolutely embarassed Milksmith in the game we've lost against the Griz. It never would've happened if we had AD.","neutral"
"🎶Hello darkness my old friend...","disapproval"
"What does that have to do with [NAME] having sex with a child, what's the point you're trying to make with that piece of information?","neutral"
"No no, We miss Uncle [NAME]. He cared about is. Until Aunt [NAME] moved in 😕","caring"
"GOOD [NAME] ALIGHTY, HE'S BROKEN IN HALF","optimism"
"And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.","neutral"
"He forgot about his head real quick after his legs got smashed","neutral"
"I have a feeling [NAME] and [NAME] aren't staying with the WWE once their contracts ends this year anyways.","realization"
"I eat crayons I shit crayons","neutral"
"Shes stunning haha","admiration"
"Ugh her mind!","neutral"
"Honestly, if you did not, then you were watching the video incorrectly.","neutral"
"The left says there is a police brutality issue so their fix is to make it hard for non police to get and carry guns. 🤔","sadness"
"Thank you UsurperRebellion, very cool!","gratitude"
"So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!","disapproval"
"I wondered where the quote about “supporting your azz” and was very pleased to finally find the train wreck that said it.","realization"
"Gotta know a season ticket holder willing to part with one. Did a quick search and found a few for sale.","curiosity"
"All these years I didn't know he escaped just to go to florida and kill some more smh","neutral"
"Of course. For cost of [For salary figures","neutral"
"Well you’re right it doesn’t but she won’t make you that worried","neutral"
"Well thanks. Maybe if i make any money we can set royalties up.","gratitude"
"You can buy the full "girlfriend experience" with a hooker for way less than 13k lmao.","disapproval"
""Muscles? You mean blood balloons?"","curiosity"
"No I'm saying you can't love someone else if you don't love yourself. ...","approval"
"You elect [NAME], you get what you vote for, Utah. Congratulations, you got what you voted for. Vote smarter next time.","neutral"
"Haha, glad someone was able to point you in the right direction then ","amusement"
"Every government in the world charges these fees. Welcome to the real world.","neutral"
"On time stat doesn't matter for anything meaningful, I wouldn't waste time contacting support over it, or worrying about it for any reason really.","realization"
"Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...","fear"
"My husband is the same way. His mother would dose them daily to keep her 4 children calm.","neutral"
"Yes I love that show! I need to watch the last episodes now that I think of it","desire"
"Yeah the only "compromise" is get married ASAP so you can have sex again (which is a HORRIBLE idea).","neutral"
"Very sweet of [NAME]","neutral"
"I'll kill you if you do that again, *honey*","anger"
"Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik","annoyance"
"Known conman shares stage with scorned racist and accuses Labour leader of anti semitism whilst invoking shadowy [NAME] running the world trope","anger"
"Where does religion have anything to do with this? There are plenty of [RELIGION] people that are cool with whatever you're babbling about","approval"
"Through mutual friends, and online forums. I find out most online shooters are more fun when playing in a party and able to chat.","neutral"
"We were all duped? I’ve seen through her from day 1, even posted about how fake she is ","realization"
"Have you guys played Vancouver recently or has [NAME] found someone else to cut his hair?","curiosity"
"A TECHNICAL Lmao.","amusement"
"Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)","optimism"
"Subscribed! I love it.","admiration"
"*Can I Haz Gold?* Don't actually please don't spend your money on crap like that.","approval"
"She has at least 12 elbows and all of them are happy. You get it gurl","joy"
"This junk is entertainment to most of you, but I just can't take anymore.","neutral"
"This isn't bigoted at all. Pointing out flaws is actually a good thing. Good job","gratitude"
"Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here","gratitude"
"im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry","embarrassment"
"His name also references UGA.","neutral"
"To be fair mumble rap is shite","disgust"
"I think this lady has simply gone bananas.","neutral"
"Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.","fear"
"That's an estimate that doesn't include the fees to his organizations. You just said literally what OP said divided by 5.","neutral"
"I haven't been able to find my 9th in the recliner in 3 weeks... 10th time is the charm I guess","disapproval"
"> its just there to make people uncomfortable and force a tip. No one working there really expects a tip in the first place.","neutral"
"Atheist here and I believe in freedom of religion, don’t let ppl get in ur head, believe in what makes you happy","joy"
"Having watched Sunderland Till I Die it makes me desperate for some sort of insight into the way Arsenal operate behind the scenes.","curiosity"
"Happy Cake Day [NAME]! Enjoy this slice on me 🍰","amusement"
"Be safe and kind no matter what kind of sex you have and you'll be okay","neutral"
"That kinda happened to me at a chillibees once. I semi full on panicked. I grew to hate that place. And booths.","annoyance"
"There are plans to widen Parmer during the next few years.","optimism"
"Tried it. Failed it. Got mental consequences, my memory wont recover after half a year. You will regret it.","disappointment"
"Enjoying oneself automatically makes an action harmless?","curiosity"
"His laptop lol","amusement"
"I have no idea, I just get texts.","neutral"
"[NAME] is so immature.","neutral"
"Happy Together. It feels so natural.","joy"
"It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.","caring"
"Hates the patriarchy...has an iPhone designed by a man. So hypocrite can be added to the list of bullshit that makes up your personality","anger"
"I wish you to experience exactly the same feelings that I'm experiencing","desire"
"To be fair he probably is saying that.","approval"
"*me Doesn't make any sense if your anxiety is afraid of these things, since it would be scared and go away then. ","disappointment"
"tRuLy A wOrK oF wOnDeR","surprise"
"Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.","love"
"Really glad they decided to show us that /s","admiration"
"go to bed","neutral"
""Don't worry honey, I'm not drunk. ... Of course I'm not cheating on you!"","caring"
"[NAME] wants his jokic nipple back. He must suckle","neutral"
"She got the gift that keeps on giving","surprise"
"This is just a terrible joke","annoyance"
"Why are you nervous about getting fired if you aren’t doing anything wrong? If I were an employer firing an employee would be my last resort.","nervousness"
"Hot damn! Thankfully only a bump to the head.","gratitude"
"Why are you even visiting /r/Artifact if you hate the game so much?","confusion"
"He’s not wrong, I’m not sure why he’s being downvoted. He’s having an awful year","confusion"
"I can honestly say I didn't know a single guy in highschool that put on makeup lol","amusement"
"Sweet, congrats!","gratitude"
"Don't judge our love","anger"
"You do know that’s the direct quote from the movie, right?","curiosity"
"lol wow missed that, it stays","neutral"
"Thanks for the share!","gratitude"
"I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.","sadness"
"Flappy boi doin a heckin scare","disapproval"
"Man you sure are obsessed with race. Much like [NAME].","annoyance"
"theirs a diffrence between interaction and literally forcing someone off the stage. The fact that you cant tell the difference shows how desperate you are","amusement"
"I'm allergic to the red food dye too, a lot of foods have it in there. it sucks because I adore Swedish Fish candies.","love"
"Watched this while eating hash browns covered in ketchup. You SOB. NSFW lol.","neutral"
"Glad [NAME] found some love in his life","neutral"
"Omg actually?! I mean no judgment , I am just SHOOK ","surprise"
"Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.","admiration"
"This is seriously disturbing. Even more disturbing, is that we aren’t doing anything about this, and it’s going to expand. Watch. ","sadness"
"Well 216 is out now and Im crying. [NAME] why?","disappointment"
"This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.","excitement"
"We discussed vaping, but decided against trying it due to the cost of investment in the equipment.","neutral"
"[NAME] is vastly overrated. Much bette4 [RELIGION] delis in the outer Burroughs","approval"
"...soooooo yes?","confusion"
"There is no enemy. Only knowledge that there is an invisible social hierarchy and we aint on it, let alone at the top.","neutral"
"The fact you think they earned their wealth with effort shows you dont comprehend their wealth","pride"
"I am still just a little salty that he isn’t.","neutral"
"Damn, she was gonna clobber that punk with the butt of that gun.","surprise"
"Oohhh so you go to school on a military base? Is your mom or dad in the military or both?","curiosity"
"LOL thats right, your wait for someone to hand everything to you. LOL","amusement"
"It's sad, but yes, zero. ","sadness"
"Give it 3 days, when every MSM outlet quietly retracts the story.","neutral"
"You’d want it in higher resolution I reckon","neutral"
"You're not getting more benefit, you're getting the same insurance plan, it just costs more.","admiration"
"Guys a vulture who is feeding off people's fear.","neutral"
"wow it’s literally disgusting that you’re getting downvoted for pointing out that she abuses her kids. this is the society we live in, eugh","annoyance"
"damn it, you beat me to it.","neutral"
"50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again","annoyance"
"I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.","embarrassment"
"Not only was it PI, it was also a hit to the head. You’re 0/2.","neutral"
"There is zero conclusive evidence supporting this position.","neutral"
"Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.","disapproval"
"They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!","love"
"As a non-legalistic [NAME], I wholeheartedly agree. :)","approval"
"Watched that game in a motel on the outskirts of Albuquerque. Quietly went nuts when he scored that goal","amusement"
"Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel","gratitude"
"I try to keep my hands busy. I would do better when I have acrylic nails because it wasn’t as easy/just wasn’t the same.","neutral"
"football is my best cope. its like chess to me","neutral"
"Best sub ever","excitement"
"Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.","approval"
"Because no one was seriously hurt - - - It's hard not to watch this without laughing.","amusement"
"Shut tf up. [NAME].","anger"
"Better still get the free game!","approval"
"I have insomnia too thanks for the recommendation, always on the look out for helpful podcasts and meditations ","gratitude"
"OK, is there a crossover between herb and spice in your language (Norwegian?) I was confused by 'North American Provence spice'.","confusion"
"[NAME] thank you so much this is so blessed","gratitude"
"Plus it's prettier.","love"
"As funny as a sinking school bus.","amusement"
"MORE LIKE [NAME]","neutral"
"I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.","optimism"
"You should stop visiting it then no?","confusion"
"It's "soaked, frostbitten chic!"","annoyance"
"Well done sir, well done, lmfao","admiration"
"Nothing special, just love a good knife fight. Bonus Revive.","love"
"Well that's an awful superpower to have. Maybe you could fix [NAME] tho.","admiration"
">The only person who said the CIBC cheques were not cashed is from Quadriga. I believe [NAME] said the same when interviewed for the coindesk article.","neutral"
"USA Trash is [NAME] beloved gift to Canada. Thanks [NAME]. Nice hair though!","admiration"
"Like, [NAME]?","confusion"
"CIA?... Yes, this one right here.","approval"
"Thank you, I needed this to vent my frustrations into 😆","neutral"
"Rare? HAHAHAHAHAHA","amusement"
"They'll just move. There is no amount of enforcement that will change that. The United States isn't the only nice place to live.","fear"
"You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.","annoyance"
"They're only part of it. There are subliminals as well. My sa is cured. Have a blast keeping yours if that's what you want","neutral"
"Depends, do you become so old and senile that you have dementia can’t walk and shit","neutral"
"I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.","nervousness"
"Damn [NAME] let himself go","anger"
"Those women are the worst.","anger"
"The pastor they’re having officiate their wedding is deeply and unabashedly homophobic...the hypocrisy is GLARING.","neutral"
"this is my dream","desire"
"Yes. Get used to it, it's not going away soon.","caring"
"Man, what a very tolerant person he is.","neutral"
"I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can. ","anger"
"Putting any human on the same level as [NAME] is sacrilegious and you should be ashamed for spreading such blasphemy.","anger"
"I'm stealing the tv tonight to watch the [NAME] tapes. He hates serial killer stuff","neutral"
"NOO HES SO ANGRY","anger"
"I would have liked this period to go differently.","disappointment"
"Fair enough. The cake is definitely too much haha","amusement"
"Without fail: East of the Hagen Orchards in Bayou Nwa or behind [NAME] mansion (look by waterline).","neutral"
"Because it contains the nudity of a child, and that is a federal crime?","curiosity"
"Totally agree. I'm actually excited to play overwatch again tonight because of it. Teamwork is everything.","admiration"
"I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.","love"
"I can read the anger in this post.","neutral"
"You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.","disapproval"
"Do not make them clear,you do not have to.Women should be able to figure out things for themselves.If they can't,you need to move on.","neutral"
"Wonder how he feels about [NAME] now","curiosity"
"It's not an official licensed promotional company yet, thats why his next fight is under the mayweather promotion banner and his future fights could be as well. ","optimism"
"Lol I wish","amusement"
"What I’m getting from all but the second is that mothers have become less abusive to their children.","approval"
"tobaccy is nasty","disgust"
"This is heartbreaking. She always meant well, and really wanted to see people get along. She deserved happiness.","desire"
"I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...","disappointment"
"You specifically believe that if a mortal sin is not confessed a person is damned.","neutral"
"These things are so cool.","approval"
"#I am relaxed","relief"
"Sorry don’t follow you.","disapproval"
"And there’s no reason to drop the f bomb when giving an argument","annoyance"
"Dang this is awesome","admiration"
"Just tryed choosing beggars. It hasn't taken the bait yet","disappointment"
"i discourage a protest that tried to infringe upon free speech","disapproval"
"This is the greatest thing I’ve ever read","admiration"
"Come on, at least give me one other comment not from this thread. Show me that you are at least interested in providing an argument. ","neutral"
"I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.","joy"
"Time to go back to rolling your own, folks.","neutral"
"[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol","annoyance"
"I think the general consensus in this sub is that he sucks and is the worst streamer on twitch.","neutral"
"This is really helpful, thanks!","gratitude"
"[NAME] is unbearable. I wish [NAME] had killed her.","neutral"
"Only good ones.","neutral"
"Not up in UK yet","neutral"
"Freedom? Not in New 2013 and it’s gotten a lot worse since","neutral"
"Id rather do the highlights again just not a full match.","desire"
"YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!","disgust"
"Oh such a embarrassing mistake, or was it?","confusion"
"And what I really want is to have time only for myself, without wasting it at work","desire"
"Thats great... Here same with me","admiration"
"Hell yeah it did!","approval"
"this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell","annoyance"
"I actually found the whole screenshot – without cropping – on r/funny so I mean","amusement"
"A bag of pita chips is really $8?","neutral"
"Had to pause for a sec to properly cringe when [NAME] says why he got sent to the school. Whyyyyy would you *announce* that oh my [NAME]","surprise"
"Roll on 5pm till i sit in bumper to bumper traffic until about 7pm when i can finally roll into lisburn","neutral"
"Submit yourself to science to investigate this intriguing event.","approval"
"So many snowballs [NAME] has to tell the fans to stop LMFAO classless losers","neutral"
"Oh cool! I don’t drink, but I’m sure a store would have some ready to throw out or something!","approval"
"I’m happy. Does that mean I can downvote?","curiosity"
"oh shitttt. it’s upside down","surprise"
"I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣","excitement"
"You’re in a sub about getting [NAME] elected.","neutral"
"He sounds like one of those 'no means yes' guys.... Glad you got away unscathed.","neutral"
"And this is why I still visit this sub...the rabbit hole goes deeper than I could have ever imagined.","surprise"
"I'm not a gamer but I always feel bad if I kill an ant or some other bug like that for no reason :( instant regret","remorse"
"and how the fuck isn’t the man dead and there is a freaking rock 10 times bigger than him","disgust"
"Alright, thanks for that tip! <3","gratitude"
"Did [NAME] funnel money to any paramilitaries?","neutral"
"Thankyou for correcting me.","gratitude"
"They must have misheard 'deal' for 'meal'","neutral"
"Fascinating! Thanks for the info!","admiration"
"He was huge!","neutral"
"Hopefully [NAME] is still hot","optimism"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are my favorite gay couple","admiration"
"That's how reddit works.","realization"
"The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.","neutral"
"I'm right there with you on the acting. Never thought I would be able to pull it off.","pride"
"This was a clever post. I also unsubscribed.","admiration"
"Then he should have had his head up. This is hockey, not figure skating. Great hit! I miss that kind of contact in the game.","neutral"
"Yeah 150 is a little much. Reverting to 125 would be perfect","neutral"
"Yeah, I see you’re point. Thank you","gratitude"
"Love is a drug","neutral"
"I low-key love his YT channel, he's genuinely an interesting and good person","admiration"
"I saw one that us taking Greedy William's at 6 with the Jaga taking [NAME] at 7 lol. Cllelin ferrel was at 4","amusement"
"This is a 10/10 on concept alone. I can't wait to see if it's any good.","excitement"
"Feel your pain.","caring"
"I didn’t misinterpret the comment. There are kids in the truck. Watch the video with sound.","anger"
"Lmao implying it doesn't go hand-in-hand","neutral"
"That’s what I said.","neutral"
"Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.","desire"
"I love Earth Balance, but does anyone know if the palm fruit is ethically sourced? I’ve cut out palm products due to deforestation. ","curiosity"
"I guess when you marry as a virgin, you don't know what you're missing out on.","confusion"
"Same.. I wonder why we catastrophize over these minor things so much and others seem to be able to forget them..","annoyance"
"What's he building in there?","curiosity"
"You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol","amusement"
"As a song from my favorite anime of all time goes: "Make the impossible possible"","neutral"
"Oh of course!","approval"
"Link to paper referenced in the","neutral"
"This is definitely dumb, but they're not saying vaccines=crack.","anger"
"[NAME] is effortlessly beautiful. [NAME] looks ok with makeup, however without she looks...um....different 😳","neutral"
"The only thing that stops a bad toddlers with a gun is a good toddler with a gun.","approval"
"Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.","disappointment"
"My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!","neutral"
"What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.","remorse"
"Thank you! :)","gratitude"
"I hear she eats babies on Sundays. (The rest of the week she goes easy and just punches puppies)","disgust"
"I don’t know but I think they at least have foil inside, I remember seeing you could hack one into an antenna.","approval"
"What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs","love"
"Btw how do you use conditioner is it something before or after the soap","confusion"
"He’s not under contract.","neutral"
"Yeah, I applied this morning. I wasn't planning on quitting and I felt like I wasn't given a choice... ","disappointment"
"HAHAHA YES MEYERS","amusement"
"There is no god. *[NAME] is content in own company. .: If there was a god it is definitely not an [NAME].","neutral"
"yeah, those seem like they'll flop around quite safely... ","neutral"
"What tickles me is how much you seem to dislike [NAME], despite being exactly like him lol","amusement"
"This is so unsettling.","neutral"
"Has Medicaid stopped? Most people I know who support this want Medicare or Medicaid for all.","curiosity"
"Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the "wrong" kinds of men","confusion"
""Eh" Love it. ","love"
"Good luck on the change.","gratitude"
"Maybe you should smoke some and relax.","approval"
"Nay ye can't stop them. Have to let it play out and hope they don't throw a few curse words in there.","disapproval"
"Take your upvote, you no good bastard.","annoyance"
"guidance? she needs to go to makeup bootcamp.","neutral"
"Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.","caring"
"No dude. This person has two sick kids and is taking you back to their place... yeah, just no. ","neutral"
"My friend is watching Grey's for the first time and she also got to this episode late last week. Weird.","embarrassment"
"Slurps big gulp. “Food chain bro”","neutral"
"Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.","disapproval"
"[NAME]? Too soon?","confusion"
"well, i've never had an outbreak or a cold sore. i have had chickenpox, though, but they have yet to reappear","neutral"
"Can Diggle put a bullet in him already","neutral"
"Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.","gratitude"
"I'm 31 and didn't even have my first cell phone, period, until I was 20. This is just more anthropological fake news.","disapproval"
"YOUR momentum doesn't help you, its the direction you're aiming and THEIR momentum that does. they were probably backing up when that happened.","disapproval"
"You mean "first name" "middle name" was not clear enough?","neutral"
"**I can't believe she held out for a full 24 hours before flip-flopping**","surprise"
"I'M HERE","neutral"
"Life as a chef= late nights with booze and strippers.. wife doesn’t approve of it but hell with her somebody’s got to suck it🤫","neutral"
"They NAILED [NAME]. That looks legit, dude! I might steal your idea, haha","neutral"
"You will give her your arm and next day she you will give you the cold shoulder. Please just run!","disapproval"
"[NAME] FIRED.","anger"
"What a tool!","neutral"
"Which side story? Thanks for the info!","confusion"
"You won't have time for extra tasks. Anything extra u do will become ur daily routine.","neutral"
"As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.","approval"
"Threatening to jail disadvantaged families is low even by Democrat standards.","neutral"
"I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad","desire"
"Hi [NAME]. Nice to meet you, I'm promet. ","excitement"
"That edge just got fire polished.","approval"
"If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn","anger"
"Let the bourgeoisie draw first blood. Let there be no confusion about who shot first, and there will be no question about who shoots last.","neutral"
"Thanks... Some days are harder than others","approval"
"It doesn't cost money to organize. It costs time, effort and concern for your country.","disapproval"
"I know I’ve said this before, but give the money to a charity, for the love of puppies!","love"
"Third down signal in football, too. THE WHITE SUPREMACISTS ARE EVERYWHERE!!","neutral"
"No. Being a private investigator isn't illegal.","fear"
"They arent the same.","neutral"
"So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.","admiration"
"I personally resent the RCA's centralization of conversion authority within the orthodox world. That's what I meant. Unrelated, I love your flair.","love"
"Delete this post before you wake the wolves. It is okay for [NAME] to be influenced by the [NAME] and [NAME], saying the reverse is just stupidity.","neutral"
"The middle was an analogy. No one here condones terrorism, as that's attacks on civilians, Destruction of financial buildings isn't that. ","fear"
"Better start believing in miracles then! LOL","admiration"
"Sorry he was a United director when he bought it.","neutral"
"This is completely false.","disapproval"
"If it was communism, the poor lad would be killed","realization"
"[NAME] was one of the only good things in that season","admiration"
"Thanks for pointing out the only error I made. Out of everything there, that is what you chose to take issue with.","gratitude"
"that's amazing, gives me hope. ","admiration"
"This is the big one. If he gets away with this he'll get away with anything. People need to do what it takes to prevent this","neutral"
"According to [NAME] there was no contact.","neutral"
"Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description","disapproval"
"I see what you saw there.","neutral"
"and there goes any hope.","optimism"
"Yep completely bc no kids ever liked to draw. Definitely me.","disapproval"
"Yes, that was when I learned! I had so many questions. ","neutral"
"Oh, you're completely right. I'm an idiot. I'll be here eating my words.","annoyance"
"Yep, they still have the youth sweatshirts as of a couple days ago. Wish they had adult sizes!","approval"
"Those not a part of the Austinfred bashing hive mind at the other sub will find themselves here tomorrow. 🙄.","disapproval"
"Do you find PnP or Checkers have better fruit and veg?","curiosity"
"Wow! Prayers for everyone there.","excitement"
"Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot","optimism"
"Toxic feminism is ti blame","anger"
"2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.","disappointment"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Especially the Lexus peeps. Just baffles me how they dash in their nice cars.","neutral"
"Maybe it is offended which is why he commented in the first place","approval"
"Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!","love"
"Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊","joy"
"Not if he signs it. And he has made statements that contradict the 2nd amendment in the past.","neutral"
"Horrible how they just invade your space anytime any place.","disapproval"
"There will always be an audience for this sort of stuff, look at [NAME]","neutral"
"Morality whilst trying not to destroy their future clients trust.","neutral"
"That has nothing to do with the sub...","optimism"
"had to google mesosphere. good job.","pride"
"Kiss your homies good night","neutral"
"It's not about not understanding it's that you're wrong. It's sexual assault. Rape = person being penetrated. You've been shown multiple definitions.","disgust"
"Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances ","confusion"
"Lol! Too funny. Mine are depressed, they gave up. :(","amusement"
"The admins do not recognize the "np" link. They've said so.","neutral"
"Damn, you could make money out of this. Come people I'm Intj, i'll tell you if your ex still loves you. ","neutral"
"Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.","approval"
"OK. You’re not distinguishing yourself from an anti-theist. >[RELIGION] [NAME] I said ‘a god’.","caring"
"Well, he promised [NAME] it was over and he was out for good, right. So, no.","neutral"
"How you ask? Simple answer, by voting.....or not hence the importance of voting","curiosity"
"I don’t know anybody of 22 who gets 10 hours of sleep every night","disapproval"
"When everything is amazing all the time then nothing is amazing.","neutral"
"Sentence didn’t start with an apology, not sure if legit Canadian. ","confusion"
"I like the fact that you like it a lot.","excitement"
"> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.","neutral"
"Your amazing too!","admiration"
"[NAME] wasnt elite for anywhere near 15 years. Surprises me how many people suggest this.","surprise"
"I was kind of rooting for him to get stuck.","neutral"
"[NAME] is known to make a short video hella fucking long. Not many want to see even more people do that. I'll stick to [NAME].","neutral"
""Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."","disappointment"
"I don't, I think this is great. The more they disbelieve media, the more it hurts them.","disapproval"
"My toes hurt watching this","sadness"
"Wear Pod. You cretin.","neutral"
">"tanned" Thank you BBC, very cool!","gratitude"
"I feel like [NAME] would be upset about this too","sadness"
"Oh man, what was the name of that show. It feels so familiar. Haven't watched MTV in, I don't know, 15 years? ","curiosity"
"That magazine cover after her first surgery was awful. She got a chin implant or something I think. Receipt:","disapproval"
"Single best comment in the thread and puts my own feelings to words.","approval"
"I'm so sorry. Hang in there.","sadness"
"OH YEAH!!","surprise"
"Exactly, humans are selfish. That was kinda my point, my reasons are superficial and only affect me. Theirs are not. ","annoyance"
"I would do it but honestly I don't have any other [RELIGION] friends.","desire"
"It is, but that isnt what makes it unfunny","disappointment"
"No. And not near as much as a gun lol","neutral"
"I don't know about the rain but my friend suggested that it could look a tiny bit like Malachor.","disapproval"
"Just imagine the waitstaff carrying cast-iron plates everywhere! oof!","neutral"
"Well done, OP. Thanks.","gratitude"
"I figured this story would end with her screaming, "I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"","anger"
"don't you get it? It's freedom to kill children now...","anger"
"Talk about a fucking hot take. Quality shit posting from [NAME] (not you [NAME]).","anger"
"Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.","sadness"
"Why is it that young girls seem to idolise serial killers? I had a friend like this and never understood the attraction. It's scary","curiosity"
"Was wondering the same thing.","neutral"
"[NAME] hitting himself with the other guys stick. Palms with another 2 goal night!","neutral"
"Looks pretty dope.","neutral"
"I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.","fear"
"Do your research = listen to anecdotal evidence from users(totally reliable!) and try it out, just be comfy!","excitement"
"Hahahah that’s actually really funny no judgment here, do you friend","amusement"
"Enjoy the downvotes","neutral"
"Learned something today :)","neutral"
"Yeah, I was very sad to read that!","sadness"
"The DNC effectively *was* lead by [NAME]... That was the problem.","admiration"
"This counts as a problem if you have that many in one day or something","neutral"
"There's a crocodile who's not hungry. Pissed off but not hungry. "Get the f--- off me!"","neutral"
"Me too, I'm shitting myself.","annoyance"
"i feel like slapping /s after everything sucks the fun out. it's not my fault people are autistic.... /s","anger"
"I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company","confusion"
"Great cover of my favorite song. I loved watching you slowly giving into the temptation to rock out to the rhythm.","admiration"
"People date who they find attractive, and fuck who they find attractive. That’s it.","disgust"
"Brother, we've been separated.","disappointment"
"He provided links above.","neutral"
"Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback","love"
"It serves as quite a lesson to anyone, don't you think?","neutral"
"Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.","admiration"
"[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on","caring"
"But was he wrong though?","confusion"
"[NAME]... I hadn't seen or had forgotten that study.","neutral"
"And this is why men are so against #believewoman","disapproval"
"This 100%. [NAME] was a great enforcer, but him scoring a hat trick with the Thrashers was just crazy.","neutral"
"Lyft and Uber are expensive compared to Metro","neutral"
"I make friends not clones.","neutral"
"In combination? Also interaction my Bipolar meds + blood pressure meds almost killed me. I now have very choices in meds.","sadness"
"so obnoxious.","disgust"
"so blame porn not the conditions that pushed them to use it as to the point of an "addiction" got it. ","annoyance"
"This cheat... what would that be? I may have made a choice I'm currently regretting.","curiosity"
"And pampered chef too, iirc it wasn’t a MLM (product) when it started","disapproval"
"Thanks for your insight","approval"
"[NAME] just one big oof today","neutral"
"Wife just had our baby, and this story freaked me out. I can't imagine going through something like that.","disappointment"
"Paired with all the other trivial things they make you do that have no effect on your job performance, it's just to break your spirit. ","neutral"
"Wonder if some of the ‘cuse guys we got because nobody was available anymore will be cycled out","surprise"
"most issues with nervousness and anxiety can be eliminated by eliminating the bad habits that are causing them to begin with, instead of 'just exercising/meditating' more","neutral"
"His takeover run out haha","neutral"
"I would love a gatling gun arm like Barret from FF7 has.","love"
"I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him","disapproval"
"Seriously, it would make me sad to stop caring about my kid because they had x number of birthdays. ","neutral"
"this is good. well done.","admiration"
"Forever. You are watching the [NAME] put 800,000 people into unemployment because upholding [NAME] policies and ideas are anathema because they align with President [NAME].","neutral"
"I’ve had a hard time finding stuff in the area, occasionally Construction Junction will have a decent old handsaw or two...","disappointment"
"Saw a video on Instagram from my friend that lives in Longmont. The snow looks so pretty. Do want.","admiration"
"I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting","curiosity"
"Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today","approval"
"You’re hardly qualified to talk.","neutral"
"anarchist, bad branding word, many people like freedom but "anarchy" is associated with lawless chaotic bomb throwing","neutral"
"I've heard of alligator boots, but I always thought that meant something else.","neutral"
"I will kill you all","anger"
"All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped","neutral"
"I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario ","disappointment"
"What are you listening to?","curiosity"
"Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV","disapproval"
">They played three games in a week three separate times. [NAME], that's absolutely brutal","disapproval"
"Zero chance. Jeeze.","neutral"
"Oh so that’s what you are into huh?","anger"
"From the article "They stun it, and then he knifed it." Not sure which doese the kill though.","disapproval"
"Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.","neutral"
"I cant decide if replacing it with an icecream cone would make it better or worse or incredibly worse and also cursed","confusion"
"Yeah he was going like "YOOOO" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao","joy"
"She was sorry too, after I found out and ripped her a new one. LOL","amusement"
"Kinda but it’s still a terrible meme","disgust"
"But ... aren’t you so super sensitive at that point that you ... um ... burst?","curiosity"
"Thanks, now where's eyebleacher?","gratitude"
"I love it lol!","amusement"
"Keep rebuilding. That’s all we can do","neutral"
"oh, my bad","disappointment"
"That's how you're supposed to serve a pretzel, so it doesn't go soggy whilst lying flat on a plate. ","neutral"
"You don't avoid it.","realization"
"As long as the ink isn’t on a contract, I don’t listen to any rumors. Waste of time","annoyance"
"Hmm. My sister is halfway vegan and she loves oreos because they actually don't have any dairy in them.","neutral"
"OmG pEyToN iSn'T gOoD eNoUgH tO hElP uS iN tHe PlAyOfFs! Dumbass Broncos fans circa December 2015.","surprise"
"Boner. I'd have the weirdest boner.","neutral"
"He seems like the most genuine dude. I’m so happy to have him as our coach.","admiration"
"The rhyme scheme is amazing","surprise"
"Yeah, because not paying a bill on time is equal to murdering children. ","approval"
"I am seeing my GP next week because I've been having other, more problematic thoughts. In NZ therapy is free if prescribed.","neutral"
"No surprise there. It was always his policy to table it upon the deal's failure in Parliament as was set out at the Labour conference.","neutral"
"So lucky!! :)","excitement"
"Thats one way to make political and economic instability sound super fun","neutral"
"Such a beautiful smile! I can tell from your eyes that you’re a good person, and very sweet. I hope life treats you well.","admiration"
"That wasn't what I was expecting at all.","disappointment"
"[NAME] AND PORZINGOD UNDER THE TUTILAGE OF DADDY DIRK PINCH ME I MUST BE DREAMING","confusion"
"Also a lot of houses in the US might not have too many neighbours. It’s a lot more sparse out there","neutral"
"You can see they actually blocked them since the last message is green. That is so messed up.","neutral"
"Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.","amusement"
"Wow that's not how you resolve things. Escalation is the last option.","neutral"
"Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break","gratitude"
"My condolences.","grief"
"TFW RIGHT IS LEFT AND LEFT IS RIGHT","neutral"
"That boy just learn why you don't mess with a woman.","realization"
"Nice work gang!","admiration"
"I like Brown Sugar","pride"
"[NAME] is INSTANT offense when he comes in. Dude is a spark plug out there every night.","curiosity"
"I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.","joy"
"Or at least it could have been, but the pic is gone :(","realization"
"Falcons fan here, We relish in the moments like the one on Sunday.","neutral"
"They’re saying it was a sick barista","neutral"
"Well duh, he’s a scientist. So he’s probably smarter than the average anti vaxxer","approval"
"WE FOUND THE HERETIC AMONGST US!","neutral"
">Limes have autobreaking Ha! That's an amusing typo! You meant autobraking, I assume.","neutral"
"> the media has no clue about the needs or desires of the american people They do, but that's not their constituency.","confusion"
"Breaking news- Man having fun at party is mocked by basement dwelling redditor.","neutral"
"Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.","joy"
"Prove me wrong. Provide a single YouTube link that works! Thanks.","gratitude"
"That's a really cheap cop-out for rather common criticism of those games.","anger"
"Hey I’m going to eli today! Unfortunately for a funeral but hello stranger :)","pride"
"Gotta share the love, have an upvote :) ","joy"
"Thanks for the honour of speaking with the representative of atheism.","gratitude"
"I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good","joy"
"[NAME] literally did nothing and got a foul called lmao","neutral"
"Omg deans you forgot to put your nagito relevance stamp","neutral"
"But that's classified under the DSM-5 as a mental disorder.","neutral"
"Loved every part of this series so far!! Keep up the good work!","gratitude"
"my ex's favorite thing to do on psychs was eat, but i cant eat on psychs. she used to get so mad at me","neutral"
"If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.","disapproval"
"So guys, we did it","neutral"
"Oh thank you for the name, is there any way to get rid of them? ","fear"
"great weed, terrible vaccination rates.","admiration"
"Total temple tourism. I have seen 3 friends on Facebook announce that they're going to Italy so they can attend.","realization"
"thanks for this","gratitude"
"Officially worse than Telkom. Well done vuma","admiration"
"I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!","caring"
"People are often too afraid to speak out against the status quo though.","fear"
"I kind of think if you spell dissuade diswayd you lose any benefit of the doubt.","confusion"
"What a crazy month that was, 15 months ago... Before it was resolved. ","approval"
"Holy shit I didn’t realize he didn’t fumble all season that’s wild","surprise"
"Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.","amusement"
"Try using a different browser and see if it helps.","neutral"
"I'm not white.","neutral"
"Didn’t intend for it to be, just having a bit of fun because the dog was ironically let loose. ","neutral"
"That's awesome. I would never have expected the Prius community to be so involved.","admiration"
"Really wanted him on the Mets. But, its gonna be fun watching [NAME] try to catch [NAME] slider. ","neutral"
"This is the cutest! Wearing your heart on your sleeve so to speak.","joy"
"Haha this the best [NAME] answer to this question. Right to the point. <3","amusement"
"pro tip they go in the hole better if you chop em up first","approval"
"Also the sneezing. The dog is sneezing which is canine for "this is a great game"","admiration"
"I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.","sadness"
"At least you can skip it","approval"
"his talk show is pretty great","admiration"
"What will the UN bring anyway? Turkey will be victorious. I love my country.","admiration"
"Every day it gets harder to tell the difference between a legit mental health issue and someone just using it as an excuse to be an arsehole.","disappointment"
"I’m still not sure how we managed to do that. Gas prices in this state has gone up around 70 cents per gallon since around 2013","confusion"
"I hired someone who previously worked for Dunkin when I was still in my old store. She worked one shift and ghosted on us.","neutral"
"This sub blows, and you’re on the wrong side of the circlejerk today","neutral"
"That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.","approval"
"Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry","remorse"
"I would say they do because it was a horrible accident but they were also in the wrong. The military tried to get them to disperse they didnt.","disappointment"
"You need some lotion for that BURN?","neutral"
"That's a yikes, no from me.","excitement"
"The cutest [NAME] you ever did see","admiration"
"The economy of NI would thrive while the rest of the UK falls apart. They don't seem to know how good that deal would be.","approval"
"Very odd to wake up the next day and be like “I need to post about this on the internet now” too.","neutral"
"That looks expensive.","neutral"
"I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!","joy"
"I mean he's still not wrong. A traitor did bring out the worst in him then.","approval"
"Thanks, it’s funny how to me this seemed a leap but not one person agrees, lol","amusement"
"Wooshes for everyone!","neutral"
"Dropping the Scud on the enemy is always good revenge","relief"
"[NAME]. The third generation [RELIGION] stripper!! Hell yes I watcg 90DF!!!!","neutral"
"intended is the word you're thinking of.","neutral"
"It was totally worth it.","pride"
"i had a weird feeling colts were gunna win the SB, should have put some money on it ","surprise"
"I tried the pilot and it just felt very "meh" to me. Does it get better or is it just not to my sense of humor?","confusion"
"I do! (Sorry this comment just showed up for some reason)","approval"
"The only people eating it are impotent or ignorant foriegners.","neutral"
"To be fair, it is worse than staying in the EU, but good grief it's better than a no deal.","admiration"
"Bruh if y’all haven’t seen ‘Into the Spider-Verse’ yet you gotta stop what you’re doing and go see it.","neutral"
"Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.","realization"
"Everyone’s freaking out about our OC. Our need for O-line is more substantial imo","disapproval"
"They're holding out for as much as possible... some mysteries arent that hard to solve","neutral"
"[NAME] is for real. This is gonna be his league in a few years imo. Great pick.","admiration"
"Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account","disapproval"
"It's soccer. He was faking the injury anyway.","realization"
">Gotta love the South No. No, you really don’t. ","love"
"I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.","embarrassment"
"[NAME] was at like 50% out there. Didn't mind pulling him at all. In hind sight, he should have sat out the game.","realization"
"If I'm just reading the headline, it's ambiguous.","confusion"
"She sounds jealous of [NAME]. Sounds like she’s never had a decent relationship so that’s probably why she’s sabotaging her daughters relationship.","disappointment"
"That's ironic.","admiration"
"Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing","anger"
"Let's just see what [NAME] has to say about what really went down...","curiosity"
"Not a single comment from a journo about [NAME] has now successfully integrated RLC.","disapproval"
"Someone shits on the floor and you'll say nothing?","neutral"
"Ah that video","realization"
"I would enjoy Kreate a Kharacter. But it'll need a lot of help. They shouldn't let you put cubes and stuff everywhere like in SC6.","joy"
"Cook it in a round dish. The taste got confused because of corners","neutral"
"Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!","amusement"
"They look like great bros, sorry for your loss <3","admiration"
"Don’t you just hate when they deforest the Sahara desert?","neutral"
"Fun fact: cops beating their wives has nothing to do with this post. 😮","neutral"
"Was broken up with, still live together 2 months later, and probably will for another month. Studio apartment, 1 bed.","sadness"
"Please LivePD, we have less than 20 minutes left, let's not spend them wandering through the darkness in Mission.","fear"
"A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.","neutral"
"Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make getting there a hell of a lot easier.","approval"
"Dude was posting about the score, as-in, “are you kidding me, we lost to the kings at home on a last second shot”","disappointment"
"I'm not sure how to post a picture lol. Here's my attempt.","amusement"
"I'm not sure they know the difference between a mandate and legally binding.","confusion"
"No. If you want to make sure you play with people with mics, just put a post on LFG. Problem solved.","neutral"
"A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.","neutral"
"very wise, your flair reminds me of the quote "There can be no true despair without hope."","admiration"
"Kinda let down tbh","annoyance"
"Regardless, fight 'em every inch of the way like it's the last hill to die on. Complacency is complicity. ","disappointment"
"nothing is set in stone. hope your ass off!","caring"
"😂😂👸👸👏🙌👏🙌❤❤❤💥💥👑👑💎💎💯💯♀️♀️♀️ Now that's emoji game on point.","excitement"
"yep, I witnessed a broken blood vessel in the eye from stifling a sneeze","sadness"
"It's perfectly fine","approval"
"She was behind sesta/fosta just recently. Which has done more to censor thr internet than the net neutrality that everyone freaks out on. This is terrible news.","disappointment"
"I didnt realize belgium was behind on climate change.","realization"
"Man, I could go for some veal soon.","excitement"
"Very cute!","admiration"
"Thank you for this. It sums up exactly what I wish I could send to all my TBM family","desire"
"Maybe you'll get lucky and it will fall apart before they go through with it.","joy"
"*I ‘ m m i x e d* *h e l p*","neutral"
"someone on Reddit said he's like a football expert version of [NAME] on Bojack Horseman.","neutral"
"Had to go check for myself","neutral"
"Wow, that's just incredibly racist.","disgust"
"Yes but as he has gotten bigger and older it has gotten so much worse.","disappointment"
"Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.","embarrassment"
"Everything's broken then. It's not like all other discourse is high minded and unemotional.","neutral"
"I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless. ","disappointment"
"I absolutely love DCfC!","love"
"Agree. Not sure why you are being downvoted.","approval"
"Can you spend a week reviewing ? That is totally what I would do. Come up with some fun games you can play.","curiosity"
"Never more have I felt like I come from a British colony.","disapproval"
"Expected that. Thanks for your valuable feedback.","gratitude"
"Is what I took from it lol.","amusement"
"Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.","disappointment"
"This is cute.","admiration"
"I believe in traditional gender use in language.","approval"
"That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.","annoyance"
"Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something","admiration"
"Ugh, man, I really liked Louis CK. Not anymore. I still like Brand New even though [NAME] is a creeper.","optimism"
"Thank you. I’ve been feeling a bit better since they make people happier.","gratitude"
"> especially now that Sweden stopped their program What program did we stop? I'm lost here.","disappointment"
""Oceans" by Hillsong United. Song gave me a migraine then and still does now.","neutral"
"You're just a fuming democrat and all I hear is angry democrat mental gymnastics.","annoyance"
"Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.","gratitude"
"Is this something from [NAME]?","confusion"
"Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury","sadness"
"Don’t forget me man, hit select before you hit start!","caring"
"Go check out the survey recently posted on AskFeminists. There are a lot of [NAME] openly admitting it.","neutral"
"To piss people off probably","neutral"
"How can you be so stupid... it’s called climate change, there is so much research on it. It’s just blindly denying science..","anger"
"Good mythical morning. Hope you get better soon","admiration"
"Here you go. Just search your username for the respective platform.","neutral"
"Thank you ladies !","gratitude"
"I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.","love"
"I never said you did? I'm just going off the conspiracy that's been going around for awhile about her being a clone","curiosity"
"Get help immediately.","approval"
"This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!","gratitude"
"They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.","caring"
"I had so many bad Supercuts haircuts that I cringe when I look at the place and go to a fancy schmancy salon exclusively.","disapproval"
"I'm on the receiving end of a breakup, and i'm not handling it well. So cheers from Germany!","joy"
"[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.","disappointment"
"Make sure you bring your turn signal too ok?","neutral"
"It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.","embarrassment"
"Ate too much “hot chips”","neutral"
"Wait, did they get married at the detention center? Why is she exiting with a bouquet? ","excitement"
"It's on sight between them.","approval"
"Great! Thanks for the ideas","admiration"
"I loved this place but I would only go for the big Blockbusters. It was the best IMAX theater in Minnesota hands down RIP","neutral"
"I'm sorry for your loss. Truly. I hope you and your family are doing okay.","optimism"
"I agree...I just tell them the card is declined. It happens to everyone","approval"
"LOL. The one in the bed, when [NAME] is walking in with the candle. It was just awkward. ","amusement"
"Some drown. Others look to the sky. I thought it was a blog.","confusion"
"No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.","annoyance"
"Beside the scene , the quality of the video was magnificent","neutral"
"A fact you know when you've Read the Dictator's Handbook.","optimism"
"this is a fun and cute presentation etc WAAAAAAAH","admiration"
"kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this","annoyance"
"Girl said yaaassss","excitement"
"He took [NAME], too? That wasn't part of the deal, [NAME]! THAT WASN'T PART !","disapproval"
"I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!","admiration"
"[NAME]!","neutral"
"I appreciate the honesty","admiration"
"He wasn’t hot to me but he has that attitude I find attractive af.","admiration"
"> a hug from [NAME] That’s a bit too big of an ask, fam. ","neutral"
"Can't wait for episode 5","excitement"
"*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!","disappointment"
"Completely disgusting.","disgust"
"that's the spirt! *come to the dark side my child, embrace your hate*","neutral"
"Also here's my starting point on the right, obviously, for my bulk.","neutral"
"[NAME] I still love my [NAME] family too","love"
"[NAME] is happy","admiration"
"When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.","disgust"
"Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.","disapproval"
"Personally I'm wondering why our OP didn't go with the clone angle. That's way more insane than them just being sent to prison.","pride"
"Thanks man, I managed to feel better by letting loose with some music - definitely a *much* better way to pull out of a dive. ","gratitude"
"He looks like he was crying already about something and hes reacting to realizing hes on camera crying probably not his proudest moment","realization"
"Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*","approval"
"They were bad times.","realization"
"I had to look those up.lol. That's awesome. Do you make money by doing so or just pure hobby?","admiration"
"*Bride walks by* B: "You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"","annoyance"
"Once they get a taste of catfood they’ll be back for the whole cat.","neutral"
"Where'd you go tough guy? You were talking so big before. Way to downvote and move on punk.","annoyance"
"I’d love to flatten [NAME] emotions.","love"
"The people on r/politics who obsess over the [NAME] investigation are not "leftists".","neutral"
"How many of these people are from the original Lucasfilm? Before Disney's takeover? Does anyone know?","confusion"
"OH MY [NAME]","neutral"
"Ok. Well it's just an opinion. Maybe TCU will get it done.","neutral"
"My personal supply is always well stocked, thank you. You're welcome to it if you'd like an alternative to Arlene from Accountings baby feed.","admiration"
"There is no Ana meta. Pro meta atm is Zen GOATS mirror match","approval"
"Had to upvote just because of how wholesome this comment feels","curiosity"
"Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.","anger"
"> when Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha","joy"
"I had a similar problem. Turned out to be technology, and overstimulation. Turned off the screens before dinner and had much better sleep.","relief"
"Yes, however I did misquote the study, however I've corrected my OP ","realization"
"I wish for world peace!","optimism"
"It was world of warcraft, so I can't do that.","fear"
"I just checked and do see a lot of posts that are not humble brags.","approval"
"Sweet summer child","admiration"
"He does not want to hear the plans that will work though.","neutral"
"As I understand it, the director? left so at least if they do reboot it it’ll be in more competent hands lol","amusement"
"I still enjoy the content here sometimes, but....finally! This post nailed it.","annoyance"
"ah. I see :) Still brave of you.","admiration"
"Dude nsfw this damn","anger"
"What does NGL stand for? Not gonna lie?","neutral"
"It still has the potential to be permanent if no alternative is found.","neutral"
"This reminds me - I need to feed my horse......thanks AOC","neutral"
"How crazy is that, matrix confirmed.","amusement"
"what a psycho","annoyance"
"[NAME] with 8 mins, [NAME] with 30. Disagree.","neutral"
"Unfortunately not:","neutral"
"What a beast! Self defense definitely, hopefully the brain trauma will teach them a thing or two ^^^probably ^^^not though","neutral"
"It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...","disapproval"
"Nah I think you're just feeling confident because you got a slamming deal on those clothes! I would feel the same way!","approval"
"YES. I have been reporting this incel bottom feeding buttcoin troll for two days now.","approval"
"Grow up fool","amusement"
"*lo and behold","neutral"
"Well that sucks","admiration"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)","excitement"
"Have you actually seen the pictures of her scratches? There’re not on her stomach at all, they’re on her side and back.","curiosity"
"Can’t really do much about it since our only other ball handler available today is Napier","neutral"
"[NAME], but I’m not sure he is gonna be a piston for a long time.","disappointment"
"Yes, risky. In fact don't click it at all.","disapproval"
"[NAME]? You can't walk by without squishing his cheeks!","excitement"
"Nonsense. People are either the best or the worst. All of the time.","annoyance"
"The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo ","disappointment"
"He burnt out. Give it some time. Other option is he never really cared, but I find that unlikely. Also maybe life just happened.","caring"
"Sticking a road in the middle of someone's land just to satisfy your OCD seems pretty cruel.","neutral"
">No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.","amusement"
"Aw, she came home early to surprise you! She must have missed you a lot.","love"
"The A.I. conundrum. What will the robot drivers choose?","curiosity"
"Forgot about that. In browsing it looks like he is eyeballing other OC jobs.","neutral"
"ugh I couldn't wait to get rid of my uterus. it was NEVER needed.","remorse"
"I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST ONE GUY AND I WAS SERIOUSLY HERE TO POST ABOUT YOUTUBE'S COMMENT ALGORITHM BUT **OH YEAH YEAH**","neutral"
"Title: geez another douche Text: ooh well lol","amusement"
"That's where gen Z begins. Every 3-5 years the next 'wave' comes","neutral"
"As a teacher with a bunch of sick students, this scares the hell out of me.","fear"
"Now he needs a skin care routine!","neutral"
"the ratings have never been worse...","neutral"
"So cute!","admiration"
"I know they are treated very well, but some of them do die.","approval"
"How does that get past the health department? Birds are filthy. Half cooked birds wing is disgusting.","annoyance"
"Why, it'll be gone in 30 some odd games. ","neutral"
"There aren't really any consequences of an alignment change.","neutral"
"Older people who didn't grow up with the INTERNET don't think of ALL CAPS as YELLING.","neutral"
"Almost forgot to check if it’s dead. Edit : NOPE!","neutral"
"Thanks man....","gratitude"
"A 19 year old talking to a 17 old is not that crazy it happens pretty often","embarrassment"
"Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere","amusement"
"Congratulations on your appointment to such a prominent position! I was a huge fan of Utah when I went, the canyons are sick. GO KNIGHTS GO ","disappointment"
"And in some aren't permitted outside the home without a lawful, legitimate purpose.","neutral"
"I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.","admiration"
"Except for the part where [NAME] Millennial daughter is one of the big new heroes introduced in MKX...","excitement"
"Bold of you to post [NAME] art on Tenko's BDay. I approve.","admiration"
"BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!","surprise"
"I still trust him. I don’t think old school republicans as stupid enough to break the law for [NAME]. Hence they keep getting fired.","realization"
"[NAME] they always go back to the dyed hair what's up with that","curiosity"
"That mustache looks like it smells.","neutral"
"other than the fact that she's totally korean you mean?","curiosity"
"Viva la tank","neutral"
"Apparently Faux news held off on reporting the story at first, presumably until they could get approval on how they should spin it.","confusion"
"Maybe the [NAME] curse isnt real, but the [NAME] curse sure as hell is. We dont want any [NAME] on the cover!!","neutral"
"What are you listening to?","anger"
"I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.","desire"
"I hope for your sake you don't include Frazzles in your ostracising.","optimism"
"Yeah, I actually like the combination of the two styles of names thought. Love the LAFC and the LA Galaxy...lol","admiration"
"A person could easily say getting drunk on whiskey all day solves their problems.","neutral"
"Your TLDR sucks","neutral"
"I love PnR","love"
"The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.","amusement"
"Welcome. We eat our own.","neutral"
""I'm not going to date him...I love him to death." -[NAME] in the same sentence","love"
"Good advice right here and good things to think about.","gratitude"
"Simply explain the situation as you did here, don’t use any cliches or anything just be honest about it.","desire"
"Love this picture","love"
"They mug you and ruin the country","annoyance"
"M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!","admiration"
"Seriously. I wonder if OP has seen some of the amazingly stupid faces that [NAME] and [NAME] make.","surprise"
"[NAME] I know right? everybody knows that F4 only has 3 members","approval"
"You're right, I completely forgot the title","approval"
"Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.","surprise"
"Alright, I'm all ears as to what the HUGE difference is.","approval"
"Damn, I thought she was calling her as ugly as a dog and said she would take her out for a walk. I like my version better. ","annoyance"
"Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)","approval"
"Man, I kinda feel bad for dude, hopefully everything went smoothly past that","optimism"
"Thank you for not making a cake day shit post","gratitude"
"Bore off, you pearl-clutching, centerist coward. ","neutral"
"Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.","annoyance"
"Wow. You basically found my dream woman and gave her up.","surprise"
"i like that she's just kind of meeting people and dating. I wouldn't even really call it a triangle tbh.","disapproval"
"Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe. ","caring"
"Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex","gratitude"
"Wait what do you mean stop [NAME] from escaping, what happened? does that happen if [NAME] is taken? i romanced and saved her so idk.","neutral"
"It's not my cousin's fault. It was actually me who set up the whole date.","embarrassment"
"I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?","annoyance"
"she got knocked the f out!","neutral"
"DDR is enjoying a bit of a renaissance at the moment, thanks to DDR A. Hopefully this will lead Konami to considering a new home release.","gratitude"
"Yes, I could do that, except it's his personal facebook, so that's kind of weird. ","disapproval"
"Certain mental health issues can be smelled on a person; by all accounts, schizophrenia makes a person's sweat smell like goat","neutral"
"ESPN and sports is not a good combination.","disapproval"
"NCAA is a poor barometer for scoring. [NAME] was leading scorer in all NCAA for like 3 years running. Not even sure he got drafted.","disappointment"
"I love PragerU r/pragerurine","love"
"Hi, top minds!","neutral"
"I love koln","love"
"I am a ethnic [NAME] and demand that normies get out! REEEEEE","neutral"
"No, you're thinking of basilisk. A basterisk is a person born outside of wedlock.","neutral"
"Sometimes it can be very expensive and can have a toll on mental health","approval"
"Your smartly worded refutation of the whole of the rest of Christendom has swayed me completely, Rome is the only true home! Hurrah! Hurrah!","admiration"
"I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.","anger"
"You want forgiveness? Stop spamming.","annoyance"
"[NAME] gets a lot of unfair criticism. [NAME], too","disapproval"
"I would say. ’good’ but it’s all fucking tragic.","admiration"
"I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this","love"
"You are a sad person","neutral"
"MAKE A MORE DETAILED STORY OF THAT. ALSO MAKE UR OWN SUBREDDIT (r/amusementparkshenanigans). UR A GOOD STORYTELLER","admiration"
"here we go Mr. Detective u/Jakurton","neutral"
"Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.","admiration"
"Yeah the only "compromise" is get married ASAP so you can have sex again (which is a HORRIBLE idea).","neutral"
"It's not much what you say but how you say it and the tone you use, children absorb more the emotion rather than the logic behind it","neutral"
"Your same-gender partner","neutral"
"I laughed at this","amusement"
"If you ram it just right, you can ram it all night!","neutral"
"One of the scariest things about being in a cult is that you don't realize you're in a cult.","fear"
"hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af","disgust"
"I’m in Florence right now on a holiday and my [NAME] does it make me want to replay that game","confusion"
"W'all miss Ramadan bro. Maybe you can fast on Monday and Thursday as sunnah.","neutral"
"My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.","approval"
"very well put. wow i love that man, i’d play a mean game of chess w him","admiration"
"It's the universe trying to kill us with radiation :D","disapproval"
"Except forming an opinion of a topic without even having basic knowledge of said topic makes you sound pretty arrogant and entirely undercuts your opinion.","anger"
"17 my boy. Best league minimum contract out there right now","neutral"
"Don't you're making me paranoid man","neutral"
"I love this sub","love"
"Good grief.","grief"
