"sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.","embarrassment"
"I can't believe people actually pay for these. 😩","surprise"
"Our performance was an embarrassment and should never have happened. It's a bottom of the league style performance against top.","embarrassment"
"Half the cars I see in Florida seem to be allowed to drive at night without any lights. I don't get how they get away with it.","confusion"
"I wanna put baby shoes on my giant adult feet and baby stomp all over a cheesebreather's fucking toes","desire"
"You mean you love their meat right? You dont love chickens.","curiosity"
"Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato","approval"
"Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough","admiration"
"Weird flex but ok","neutral"
"I switched to aram/special game modes only and it stays pretty fun.","amusement"
"I hate [NAME] and [NAME] for what they've done to this franchise. And I'm growing to hate [NAME] as well.","disapproval"
"Thank you soooo much 😍","excitement"
"Matinee games should not be allowed for us anymore, we’re terrible at matinee games","disapproval"
"I believe [NAME] only has control over if the speech is held inside the House of Representatives, not if it will be held in some other place.","neutral"
"You’re joking right?","neutral"
"Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.","sadness"
"[NAME], that was 2013? Time flies","neutral"
"Oh, so I can go straight to hell when I die? No thanks.","annoyance"
"He's the only one who has managed anything positive in this game","admiration"
"[NAME] looks like one of [NAME] children.","neutral"
"What a sweet “welcome to your new home!”","excitement"
"Wasn't getting anywhere to begin with, might as well have some toxic fun with it.","amusement"
"He actually did, couldn't believe it.","neutral"
"Thanks, didn't catch that one!","gratitude"
"Remindme! 467 Days","neutral"
"She forced him to sing a valentine song by threatening him with anthrax and then called him pathetic for allowing himself to be manipulated.. sounds like love to me.","love"
"It is true. But the real reason for the problem is the selfishness of the people.","annoyance"
"What an ugly shade [NAME] used to dye his hair. Well, I guess it matches the infamous shirt.","disapproval"
"OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.","fear"
"In addition to poor judgement, she is incapable of admitting she is wrong and apologizing. ","realization"
"Note to self - Stay out of the water.","neutral"
"I wish I could upvote this a thousand times","approval"
"Man this family looks like they’re straight outta hope country from far cry 5","neutral"
"Lol what can you even say you meant to say? “Sorry auto correct meant let’s do SOCKS”.","neutral"
">Relax ms bi weeb who leans left haha... thanks i love it","amusement"
"How? The feds shut down Craigslist","confusion"
"The pit! I fell in it, the pit! You fell into the pit! We all fell into the pi-ee-ii-ee-iit!","neutral"
"Just let [NAME] run it as a FB","approval"
"i do not want Wil gone. i love the kid","disapproval"
"You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.","disapproval"
"Oooo I love that theory! I hope we do find out her name one day","love"
"[NAME] lost her guitar canonically","sadness"
"[NAME]! He was just amazing, best contract ever, so sad when we lost him. ","amusement"
"And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!","disgust"
"I legitimately had a hard time believing such terrible people exist until I encountered one for myself!","annoyance"
"[NAME] is the only reason I’m sane after watching this season","neutral"
"Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)","joy"
"The entire culture of NE is win at all costs. Not sure where you live but if that kid shovels snow..tell mom to him bring home .","caring"
"You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.","gratitude"
"I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.","gratitude"
"Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.","approval"
"Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.","disapproval"
"Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.","approval"
"How many days in are you? I just started but I could message you on here. I don't use WhatsApp or Facebook.","realization"
"happy cake day.","joy"
"A site was the good site on old cobble, so they changed it and left the awkward B site alone. Thanks volvo","embarrassment"
"Lucky for you. I haven't been able to watch Oneyplays since [NAME] and [NAME] left. It's just not the same.","disapproval"
"You have to be REALLY old to be too old to appreciate rap music. Rap music started in the 1970s.","admiration"
"You know that mista mista lady? I think I just killed her. - [NAME]","neutral"
"[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.","caring"
"Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk","gratitude"
"It's not an official licensed promotional company yet, thats why his next fight is under the mayweather promotion banner and his future fights could be as well. ","disapproval"
"Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.","neutral"
"I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.","gratitude"
"This is pretty misleading. The drop is in comic sales profits for Star Wars and Marvel. They're not failing, they just not as profitable.","confusion"
"Yes... you little crybabies call them fascist too? People who kill fascists are fascists right?","annoyance"
"I’ve never heard him say it but I wouldn’t be surprised if he did. It’s believable enough","approval"
"So. Much. *Effort.* I ca't believe a tree died for this sin.","disappointment"
"Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.","admiration"
"Nobel prize, u/Otomyre, Nobel prize! I’ll see you in Sweden!","neutral"
"not funny enough for that","neutral"
"I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.","joy"
"Why did he think that you work there? People visit hospitals all the time.","confusion"
"As my grandma used to say, "When she dies, they'll say there lies the truth, 'cause it never left her."","admiration"
"Does it say how many servings are in the bucket? I'm really hungry.","neutral"
"Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?","annoyance"
"Going small here... interesting","curiosity"
"They basically worship this.","neutral"
"Commentator on my stream saying the the clearing header was from [NAME]. Wasn't that [NAME]?","neutral"
"I responded to someone else in this thread as well, more in length. Maybe you find that comment more interesting.","neutral"
""I care about the nation and the world" and "I'd rather let trump win than vote democrat" are opposites of eachother","caring"
"*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*","anger"
"I agree with you here but I don't see how he is a sexist?","disappointment"
"Personally I think anyone false claiming Jailor and continously claiming it every night while not being mafia deserve idk like a week griefing ban or something.","neutral"
"This will end well.","neutral"
"I mean, I'm glad that we support human spaceflight and that there were ghosts in the courtroom?","curiosity"
"So happy for [NAME]. So sad he's not here. Imagine this team with [NAME] instead of [NAME]. Ugh.","disgust"
"BF1 was heaven","neutral"
"Point still stands about generalizing","neutral"
"You know even when women wear their hair natural they’re still putting products in it right?","neutral"
"I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.","anger"
"[NAME] is Television. Got it. He's too misogynistic to be the Patti Smith Group.","annoyance"
"How did Detroit quality for these trade exemptions? By sending 4 guys and acquiring only two in the [NAME] trade?","curiosity"
"Good luck. :)","optimism"
"Pedophilia is a gender, shitlord","annoyance"
"This was the most fun I've had watching a game since [NAME] 35 point game","joy"
"I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.","neutral"
"I can only download games using SteamCMD at work at the moment, so yeah, glad I could buy it before the shutdown","approval"
"I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally","amusement"
"I have been working here almost two years and have never seen this website ever.","approval"
"Got damn look at that body","admiration"
"Ah man, I’ve downvoted it now. OP you suck","disapproval"
"Oh my [NAME] I almost forgot about the hot dr pepper in a glass glass made of glass","nervousness"
"Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.","excitement"
"Good. They can afford it.","approval"
"Someone had to do it when [NAME] got cut","neutral"
"But it's especially tough when its state-owned oil. A lot of Scandinavian countries had hiccups.","fear"
"Oh, because his sideburns were shaped like stars!","neutral"
"Lmaooo I’m sooo gonna use “As asap as possible.”","amusement"
"Done. Good riddance. Thank you for your comment","admiration"
"nice IASIP refernece! "made a pretty penny in boiled denims, [NAME] mostly."","neutral"
""We must fight!....to run away.."","neutral"
"Every airliner is fully pressurized, even the hold. There's no "partially pressurized" aircraft. They don't necessarily heat the cargo area though","neutral"
"None. If you get anything at all, it's a bonus, but don't expect anything.","disapproval"
"Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.","love"
"Sorry, not sorry'.","annoyance"
"[NAME] dammit I love wrestling","love"
"I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.","amusement"
"Like what?","neutral"
"Opponents will try to figure out how to stop our running game...but they'll be Stumped.","neutral"
"Ok guys I'll watch it. When I finish it I'll tell y'all what I think","optimism"
"You got this! Go easy on yourself man..","optimism"
"true that.","approval"
"We need more boards and to create a bit more space for [NAME]. Then we’ll be good.","neutral"
"Into another environment?","neutral"
"Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon","disapproval"
"Thanks for the help.","gratitude"
"Then check out their full line! You can be offended by all their herring names!","neutral"
"It's a fact tho. So your accusations are simply based on misinformation.","curiosity"
"I didn’t really need those 25 minutes of my life anyway","disappointment"
""Daddy, can you help me with my math homework?" "Not now, sweetie. Daddy's doing much more important math"","approval"
"Shouldn't have drank water from his cup.","neutral"
"Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.","fear"
"I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.","neutral"
"Do they have rankings beyond the top 9? It'd be great to see what type of talent would be available in rounds 3, 4 etc.","curiosity"
"Ah the remnants.","approval"
"You're delusional","neutral"
"Lol ratheists suck fedoras!","amusement"
"Getting raises and heading to Utah to get our teeth kicked in playing 90s style. [NAME] wouldn't have it any other way.","realization"
"Genoa likes [NAME]","neutral"
"Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.","sadness"
"For me it's New York City FC since it's just a train ride away","approval"
"i like how he just bursts in like DID SOMONE WANA SEE ME ROL OVR !?!","amusement"
"I’m gonna research more I bet they’re expensive","approval"
"I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.","gratitude"
"I would have to agree. He acts for himself and wants revenge but also cares for and respects life so, chaotic neutral.","approval"
"Dude you’re honestly unhinged. I think you need a break from the internet for today... it’ll do you some good.","neutral"
"Get two, I'm not sharing with [NAME]","disapproval"
"Mad stinky.","disgust"
"cool... Sorry bro","sadness"
"I mean if you hidden the initial hit you can punish anything he does after","neutral"
"i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it","amusement"
"Congratulations! One day you’ll look back on this and laugh. It’s the best thing you’ve ever done.","admiration"
"There were those god awful GoPro shots in the fight scenes where they had a shaky camera fixed to the actors facing directly at their face, though. ","disgust"
"I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.","joy"
"My best friend missed the play using the restroom too. He thought there was a halftime-like break between the 4th and OT.","neutral"
"Hm, I haven’t heard that opinion before but it sounds good. Thanks for the advice!","admiration"
"Growing soybean on the moon is really going to piss off the trade war neckbeards.","annoyance"
"They fetishize our oppression. Different day, same tune. ","neutral"
"And you truly need to be there and see this wide spread nonchalant attitude to truly understand it how bad and rampant it is.","sadness"
"Wow so you really are pro-abuse huh","realization"
"I'd be down with the big baller himself.","neutral"
"I don’t care about the first seed until a week or so before the all star cut off?","neutral"
"yes, I could link the playlist, but my voice was even higher back then than it is now, and the video quality is terrible","neutral"
"Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.","optimism"
"I used to really like [NAME]. Now she is the worst :(","disgust"
"Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.","sadness"
"As bad in what ways? The rest of who? Other politicians?","neutral"
"No problemo bro an another thing idk if this will affect you but you can't get your gun license if you get ur card","confusion"
"Most national subreddits are nowhere near *real* people, it's quite interesting to see the disparities.","excitement"
"Still one of the greatest gems that few will end up doing Smash attacks then the other big cities.","admiration"
"Hallmark movies are the worst culprits.","disapproval"
"A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work","disappointment"
"Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable","joy"
"This is a very cool option!","approval"
"Oh shit right. I forgot about that wonderfully horrible fact haha.","amusement"
"I laughed at this post. Not because I find your pain amusing, but your casual use of the word "boner" kinda ruined the serious tone.","amusement"
"No, my point is that looking to past behaviors isn’t indicative of what is right and virtuous ","remorse"
"Super cool to see","admiration"
"These people project so much, I'm surprised they don't work at cinemas.","neutral"
"This is very temporary. I am using my savings to cover the rest for 1-2 months","neutral"
"In that case, I’m appalled. ","fear"
"This is disgusting.","disgust"
"Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort","remorse"
"I’ve never heard of their football team, must be fake news /s","disapproval"
"Normal people talk to other people.","neutral"
"[NAME] should be in. Tough road for Red, but they have been a lot better their last three games.","neutral"
"He was left for dead on the streets after the procedure but survived, doesn’t specify how I think","neutral"
"Its a mandatory requirement to be an accredited "[NAME] da"","approval"
"Just wait. Wait for the false promise. Wait for the mandatory prompts. Wait for the empty gestures.","neutral"
"It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.","annoyance"
""Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck" is the best I can formulate it.","optimism"
"He ded?","curiosity"
"“[NAME], have we got an offer for you!”","excitement"
"this was very interesting, the first time i saw it posted here... 3 weeks ago","curiosity"
"Crickets 🦗...","neutral"
"I'm sorry it happened like that for you. I really can't imagine.","caring"
"You don't avoid it.","neutral"
"If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.","fear"
"Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.","joy"
"We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.","neutral"
"Yes but legal issues and plus its a bit weird tbh. She doesn't look 19.","neutral"
"Top female players including [NAME] practice against college men players and get beat a lot by them. I wouldn't be suprised to see [NAME] win even at 14..","surprise"
"There are courts. You need to document all this and let the judge give him a tongue lashing. Not that that would make a difference...","neutral"
"Isn’t it against company policy to sell things in the store that have nothing to do with Starbucks","curiosity"
"lol why don't you read about the Iceland one and get back to me.","amusement"
"dang... that's just crazy.","amusement"
"My favourite moment of the game by my favourite player.","admiration"
"Hi, I'm not [NAME] but I do have a question. During the term of your education were you ever required to do any research?","neutral"
"Op forgot to mention his son has a rare scrotum disorder where the balls and shaft are reversed. Poor guy :(","disappointment"
"Post this to /r/MurderedByWords I legit wanna see the teeth mashing","neutral"
"She was 100% more likable on the tell-all than she was in the show. She may deserve that sweet husband of hers yet!","realization"
"Hit up skull forts if you are looking for the fastest way. But just play and have fun.","joy"
"You're taking her scale way too literally.","realization"
"Yes. However, they also could've just gotten something catered.","neutral"
"No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :)","optimism"
"Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?","approval"
"She probably has a kid by now.","approval"
"Gonna be a much better game than the last one. So glad you guys are coming to carver","joy"
"To be fair you haev to have a very high iq to understand this meme","gratitude"
"Okay, two men's fault.","approval"
"Good to see this getting traction again. It really exposes [NAME] to be a useful idiot, and his supporters to be even dumber than that.","admiration"
"Pedophilia is a gender, shitlord","neutral"
"This obviously led to your slow downward spiral into apostasy. The spirit never returned after skymall destroyed your testimony. 😜","annoyance"
"Impact? I'm merely interested in how low you will sink.","approval"
"Cheers lad :)","joy"
"That's what *you* want you to think!","neutral"
"So, modern day imperialism. ","neutral"
"The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.","neutral"
"That's not really libertarianism, is it?","anger"
"We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.","disappointment"
"Pretty sure you could do that with a cargo ship too, so I'm not sure I buy that argument.","confusion"
"That looks like a wig.","approval"
"Can´t believe the problem was this. Thx mate, it´s solved!","disapproval"
"Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.","anger"
"Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!","gratitude"
"It looks kind of like pen to me... Which would also make her skin so red.","realization"
"Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.","disapproval"
"Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.","amusement"
"I didn’t know [NAME] disliked Pittsburgh so much","neutral"
"Contracts & money in rtts mean absolutely nothing. Just one of the many missed opportunities year after year","annoyance"
"Its hard to look at. Its just gross.","neutral"
"Trusting readers is something we cannot afford in this day and age.","admiration"
"You, telling me that changing the clock increment no.s took 1 month? ","neutral"
"She can be crazy fo sho","optimism"
"Yeah thanks.","gratitude"
"They play loud trap music.","anger"
"I just come right out and admit it. Saves on disappointment.","disappointment"
"Omg stop spamming.","annoyance"
"Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude. ","disapproval"
"Something Something Something, space of aids","neutral"
"I just housed a transgender person for a few months after she came out to her parrents. So people are so cruel.","neutral"
"I was just waiting for some Bumblebee action with the car.. I feel robbed 💪","curiosity"
"Aren't people wonderful?","excitement"
"I'm so sorry about your friend. What was he like?","sadness"
"That was amazing!","excitement"
"why are you so angry","curiosity"
"No, but we have beer and whiskey ","neutral"
"Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.","disapproval"
"No since parries read the heavy press, not the release.","neutral"
"Were these the platforms they ran on.","curiosity"
"Thank you for reminding me!","gratitude"
"IIRC those who made those statements while it occurred were lambasted as conspiracy theorists by the conforming majority. Life is full of surprise.","neutral"
"#THEIR ONLY 3' ABOVE SEA LEVEL","approval"
"LOL thats right, your wait for someone to hand everything to you. LOL","amusement"
"Thank you good sir. Yes I can see what I was doing wrong. I will start to apply for jobs starting tomorrow and work my way up.","gratitude"
"Literally arrived last week solo. You can use Hellotalk to meet people or go to social events on","neutral"
"Purposefully hurt people. [NAME]. I don’t understand why anyone cares.","annoyance"
"Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.","remorse"
"She's used an app on her waist, you can tell from the pixelation in her hand and from looking at her you tube","neutral"
"Because leave voters are now doing nothing for Brexit. It’s remainers running brexit now with [NAME].","disappointment"
"Reminds me to the movie [NAME]. "I saw it in a movie, it will work!"","neutral"
"We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there","disappointment"
"Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.","optimism"
"You're taking her scale way too literally.","anger"
"I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.","sadness"
"F yeah!","approval"
"Had to stop and wonder what [NAME] has to do with this before I realize you wrote dumpster","neutral"
"I can't tell if this is a happy or sad ending. 😐","confusion"
"The team isnt really bad but their fans are really the worst","disappointment"
"This is super duper nasty","admiration"
"What is the story behind your account name? Just curious.","neutral"
"Went to their other location in Capitol Reef National Park and it was fantastic. The cauliflower dough is great even if you're not into gluten-frei.","admiration"
"Honestly mate, highest I've got to is only 1623 but put me up against an axe or a cannon and I'm just dead.","nervousness"
"literally everyone until there is not a single potential enemy left on this earth that's how fascism works, buddy.","approval"
"The difference between the two to the right is quite massive.","disapproval"
"That troll and his Kotaku cronies have no shame. None at all.","disappointment"
"These are the guys who eventually shoot up banks and hide 13 year olds under their beds.","disappointment"
"I remember trying to use [NAME] back in the first NFL Street game, literately the only QB shower than [NAME].","neutral"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...","sadness"
"Your description fits the type of SB I prefer. I don't see short hair as a negative.","optimism"
"While I love the brutality of Odyssey, my personal favorites were from Black Flag. ","approval"
"Block her.","annoyance"
"If 23andme and facebook team up, you get a sample and find hee facebook user with the matching sample!","neutral"
"Someone else mentioned the council of Rome (382), but I’ll look into Carthage (397) and Hippo (393). Thank you!","gratitude"
"The best losers of grand finals cod has ever seen","annoyance"
"I almost think he may have opened the door.","neutral"
"Thats not him :( the most recent comment literally starts with "i'm not a dude" ","neutral"
"Had to comment just to say that I don't even know what to say to this. It's so mindblowingly stupid.","anger"
"How about as a whole we just hate snow","disapproval"
"He’s such a thumb!!!","neutral"
"I hope you and your retarded phone have a nice day!","gratitude"
"Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.","love"
"Yup! Lol","amusement"
"Cut contact... End the friendship.... Get on tinder and find a new woman to date....","neutral"
"I’m so jealous","realization"
"Yeah I don't think so lol","approval"
"I’m happy I could help. Let me know if it works","gratitude"
"It's the universe trying to kill us with radiation :D","disappointment"
"Fair enough. I miss working meat","desire"
"Love it. More power to you!","love"
"I didnt know that sub existed,im faaaaaar too excited, thats my next hour of skivving work sorted!! ","excitement"
"But why tho","curiosity"
"The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.","admiration"
"I spent the entire time trying not to yell at the TV. [NAME] and [NAME] can fuck right off.","anger"
"She won’t lose fans. If anything she’ll introduce her fans to this sound and give them a reason to love it.","realization"
"I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these! ","love"
"Thank you XD","gratitude"
"Wow that's a really great explanation. Makes sense!","realization"
"CURRY MY MAN","neutral"
"You win some, you lose some.","approval"
"You do know that’s the direct quote from the movie, right?","neutral"
"I love you","love"
"It’s [NAME]?!","neutral"
"*tomorrow Thank you for this.","gratitude"
"Race idealists are ridiculous.","amusement"
"Sure but the news article with [NAME] vanishing has been there since the very beginning.","realization"
"Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.","anger"
"I think 2020 will be the year it'll start to really crumble. 2019 is the year we still have to work really hard to make that happen.","optimism"
"I'm not apologizing for it. I just didn't think there was something this blatantly immoral in the new testament.","annoyance"
"Everyone’s been assuming that’s there problem all week anyways haha","realization"
"Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character","admiration"
"I like this idea.","approval"
"She did that on purpose look at her feet shift over before she throws the punch.","neutral"
"You just told a bunch of random people, I think you’ll have no problem telling her","realization"
"i agree to kill all children","surprise"
"Is this supposed to be funny? Psst, if you guys knew the reality behind this joke...","neutral"
"Good luck! The life ahead of you holds 1000% more promise than the one you are leaving behind. They caused this ... not you.","neutral"
"Which one is your favorite?","excitement"
"I'm referring to leadership and there's been several headlines about it already in the last week or so.","neutral"
"I drive for a living so I have a pretty high-end camera that captures license plates!","neutral"
"This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]","admiration"
"Not predictable enough to ever pull it out at the beginning of a round","neutral"
"I've seen Orange Marmalade in the No Brand store.","neutral"
"What? I feel like temps shouldnt be in for 6 months","curiosity"
"u/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.","approval"
"> they look like such fucking OCs. [NAME] designed them I don't know what you expected. He phones in video games all the time.","neutral"
"muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!","sadness"
"Too bad "incremental change toward reasonable goals via evidence-based policy" doesn't work well on a bumper sticker","disgust"
"I hate having to take my shoes off!","annoyance"
"Downvoting comments you don't like is your right.","neutral"
"Why not $1 million per hour muhahahah","curiosity"
"And they don't give any actual details, just a string of baseless claims. Wonderful.","neutral"
"Noted, I've been looking into that","curiosity"
"Lol yea I'm sure some were. High school girls are a little insane","amusement"
"I can tell you professionals didn’t do it that way in 2009.","disapproval"
"You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.","caring"
"Have you not seen a lotion and toner before?? My [NAME].","neutral"
"I wish to join you on the search, as a source of motivation and friendship (sorry if that kinds led you on)","admiration"
"Haha okay. Much love brother!","amusement"
"Pretty cool.","joy"
"[NAME]! I missed you","caring"
"Gun ownership isn’t a hobby or recreational. It’s a right you’re born with independently of where you’re born.","neutral"
"Very odd to wake up the next day and be like “I need to post about this on the internet now” too.","embarrassment"
"the older i get the more it hurts","sadness"
"holy fk [NAME] is the guy in the gym who thinks hes a star but he just isnt","amusement"
"Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.","annoyance"
"Thank's for the notice.","gratitude"
"The game will come out for the switch this year. Was wondering how they would manage the combat system. Now I know.","confusion"
"That almost makes her seem like an actual human being.","disappointment"
"i dont know the system cause i never speak a word i have never had trouble with it i just wanna play the game","neutral"
"Sitting down and wiping is disgusting. Especislly when using a public toilet. Fucking savages up in this thread.","disgust"
"The soviet union was state capitalist? So was china?? Is this deluded meme still alive wtf?! Lol grow up you helplessly indoctrinated idiots","amusement"
"You say tomato I say tomahto.","neutral"
"Which was in 2017. Enjoy your loss and shush. You'd think having 1 win in a month would humble you...","neutral"
"Probably because its likely, unfortunately. The question is what happens next for people that are obsolete.","curiosity"
"[NAME] with that birthday gift","excitement"
"This...has 9k upvotes. Wow.","admiration"
"Did you guys personally pay someone for the banner? Because that's incredible.","annoyance"
"That's the point tho, they had lots of talent already, and just a couple of changes at the key spots changed everything ","realization"
"Thanks for sharing. You could definitely post some of your other tales.","gratitude"
"Why would you miss school because your dad is in the hospital? Plot hole like you read about.","annoyance"
"That's the system we have in the UK","neutral"
"Nice try Gillette","neutral"
"Be sure to do the promo and get your free scope mount and magazines.","surprise"
"Ok but it’s easy to worry when the legal drinking age in your nation is one of the lowest among first-world countries.","approval"
"The age of consent is 16 in Massachusetts. Unless they’re sending nude pictures he’s not doing anything illegal.","approval"
"[NAME] why you doing this! Put that on frame buddy","confusion"
"The least offensive example of anyone I've seen telling me to go fuck myself.","annoyance"
"Its wild to find such similar situations on this sub!","neutral"
"There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.","amusement"
"Same here! I thought too long and hard about whether or not la jolla/Encinitas was known as the "treasure coast"","approval"
"And spending extravagant amounts on campaigning to impress the poor fools with the money that could have been used to improve their lives.","disgust"
"Because it would look worse than 2D art.","disappointment"
"Needs funny captions.","amusement"
"What is this from?","curiosity"
"😂 Poor kitty.💗 I can hear that howl and see that face! You betrayed her! 😛","anger"
"okay glad you have bots cause whoops","pride"
"The making plans and then ghosting is the part I have a problem with.","neutral"
"Indecisive person here, I promise I irritate myself with my indecisiveness more than anyone else","optimism"
"What a time to be alive","admiration"
"If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate. ","fear"
"Yeah i know that feeling, i don't know if they abandoned it, i ordered this on amazon.","disapproval"
"yeah he was - i also remember him crashing into beltran when he was a Met. Scary play","approval"
"Kratz and insertion in the same sentence makes me nauseous for some reason..","neutral"
"I deleted my facebook completly","neutral"
"What documentary?","curiosity"
"Just gonna be mean here, those are all hideous :(","neutral"
"I've never been so bored with so much money on the line. I am numb now.","neutral"
"Happiest bork.","neutral"
"Sorry its such a long post guys","sadness"
"It is a racist nickname because you're literally using the man's race as a means to criticize him.","annoyance"
"Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.","annoyance"
"No thanks?","confusion"
"Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it","fear"
"She threw it in the trash? Pig! Wash it down the sink, even if it's a pancake.","neutral"
"It's my dream to one day have a completely black wardrobe. For now, I'm stuck with the clothes my mom picks out for me.","desire"
"I’ve just said that both biology and social norms play a part? How is that me saying that there are no biological differences?","annoyance"
"So what you are saying is that you are not a serious guitarist is you use finger guards?","neutral"
"SJW's I've encountered were far more trivial and spiteful in general.","approval"
"This is the hardest I laughed in weeks","amusement"
"there's no limit when it comes to owning dogs.. more dogs = more love","love"
"She’s so hot. Also happy cake day","admiration"
"I'm not apologizing for it. I just didn't think there was something this blatantly immoral in the new testament.","disapproval"
"> Why do you think you're in financial hell? He spends the rest on drugs according to his post history.","curiosity"
"Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]","fear"
"I love this passive aggressiveness!!","love"
"That host's sense of superiority and childish sarcasm is so terrible that it physically hurts.","anger"
"Wow, way to be gorgeous as yourself!","admiration"
"Lol, well if it's any consolation, I thought it was funny","amusement"
"Yeah I think this is a well rounded pov. Agree.","admiration"
"I more than half expected there to be an AK in there. Still very much impressed.","admiration"
"They're there if scroll far enough back (unless, of course, he deleted old stuff)","neutral"
"The humidity in Sydney is worse.","disappointment"
"Because III is already remastered... so why not?","neutral"
"Exactly.US has the 2nd highest carbon emmisions in the world","neutral"
"I dunno how to read this yet. I guess it depends on how the other moves they make shake out.","disappointment"
"gO LiVe iN tHe SoMaLiAn WoOdS","neutral"
"No, that's Generation Z. Instagram is their fault.","neutral"
"Aw you seem upset, you are obsessed with talking shit about me. This move is indefensible.","disappointment"
"#**i have decided that i want to die**","desire"
"Ah, I see. Thank you for clarifying!","gratitude"
"Was it a promo for the cross overs?","confusion"
"That person my friend, you will remember till the day you die. The simple treasures. ","joy"
"Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh. ","neutral"
"that would’ve tasted a lot better","neutral"
"I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD","joy"
"[NAME] looks like a maggot in that dress","neutral"
"You contradicted yourself","annoyance"
"[NAME] is invaluable. Kawhi mama love him. Kawhi love him. His bow-legged ass is finally playing like NORMGOD again. He stay.","neutral"
"I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!","excitement"
"Any guy that would say that in that context doesnt deserve to have a gf.","confusion"
"Thank you. For what it's worth, I absolutely am an idiot. But I am making a valid argument within the context.","gratitude"
"Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel","gratitude"
"That's true, you'd imagine it'd have come up beforehand. ","approval"
"Na I see [NAME] doing a [NAME] in his fight vs [NAME]. Goes all out rage mode and big [NAME] cleanly knocks him oot.","neutral"
"Now is the fun part, where you try to maintain this lifestyle.","amusement"
"I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.","joy"
"Let her work for her money like everyone else if she can afford to re decorate and go to Jamaica.","neutral"
"There's less chance [NAME] will elect a moron dumber than he is.","approval"
"Hope all is well now xo","optimism"
"It can be uncomfortable to be honest but after a while you both find your sleeping positions.","disappointment"
"Argh. The most stupid and needless abuse of power teachers do. Some particularly stupid ones at least.","anger"
"Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry","disappointment"
"Most of them seem to be the evangelical type who even think the pope is [NAME].","neutral"
"Hey [NAME], welcome to reddit! How's your first day? There's no chance you had a previous username, is there?","curiosity"
"cool story bro","neutral"
"That’s impressive you can tell that from the back of his head","admiration"
"I agree, it would be a bore if everybody agreed with everyone else. ","neutral"
"You are not a slave to your parents. You worship them by serving them. Otherwise you are a slave to [NAME].","disapproval"
"Oh I forgot all about Jing Wei! Is rage worth building? I'm wondering if the loss in attack speed is worth it for extra crit chance.","confusion"
"Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)","amusement"
"Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable","neutral"
"This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.","sadness"
"I swear of all the people that dislike artifact, the gwent crew is by far the most obnoxious.","disapproval"
"Yes I have been getting my own therapy but this month was a wash for that because of work. Back at it next week.","optimism"
"That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.","neutral"
"That escalated quickly.","realization"
"Damn why you gotta do my man [NAME] like that?","curiosity"
"Darn it. I was saving all the food stuff.","neutral"
"On to the next one!","neutral"
"Devastating and true.","neutral"
"What a douche. Yeah I try to order within my country to keep away from customs","excitement"
"I think all coffee is keto already....","neutral"
"Shocking that a fat DnD kid is this self-important. Remarkable.","surprise"
"Congrats man! Which troop are you on?","optimism"
"Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour","admiration"
"I seen reactions to this elsewhere and DAM famales are some sensitive fucers, you see something online and your whole life fall apart like 🙂🖥️😢😭😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭","annoyance"
"Hmm experiencing sex from each other’s point of view would be interesting 🤔","approval"
"HAHAHAHA!!!!!","amusement"
"That’s my ace","neutral"
"Where are all the memes about tops ending up with another top? Cause trust me, it sucks just as much, if not more. ","annoyance"
"That solves it. Thank you!","gratitude"
"Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of","approval"
"Happy cake day!","excitement"
"Omg yes feels like being new born.","surprise"
"Has someone mentioned ghost chips yet? If not, then here they are, because we learnt an important lesson then...","curiosity"
"As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.","gratitude"
"I don't believe no one in your class thought of Mac or iPhone.","disapproval"
"Then I would just be like you owe me two sodas","neutral"
"That actually makes a lot of sense. I stand corrected.","approval"
"So long as it's for the worse I'm all for the wait!","anger"
"I provoked by breathing too hard. And yes, I hate that. ","anger"
"[NAME] hates us man. He’s a stone cold killer.","sadness"
"That kinda happened to me at a chillibees once. I semi full on panicked. I grew to hate that place. And booths.","neutral"
"They’re more just controversial opinions, not unpopular ones. ","disapproval"
"PLEASE leave my Mother out of this!","disappointment"
"A grumpy old gardener in a rubber mask?","confusion"
"I just heal and when we start to do bad day its my fault taking blame off of our flanks and frontlines","neutral"
"Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo","admiration"
"Ha! You're right! I don't know why I assume you were male. Sorry. :)","approval"
".......... no u!","neutral"
"That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.","annoyance"
"That has to be an understatement, I know several myself","realization"
"Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.","disapproval"
"I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy","love"
"This was the first episode I ever saw, and it got me hooked!","neutral"
"It means that people can be unhappy for being misunderstood. Under any circumstance.","neutral"
"Can’t wait to listen! Look forward to each episode.","excitement"
"Sick BURN!","embarrassment"
"It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.","approval"
"You are right OP didnt think this 1 through","approval"
"I fucking love this","love"
"EZ CLAP This is for kids, try doing this:","neutral"
"Not everyone has given up on Wigs. We’re much better off staying the course.","neutral"
"I cringe at every part of all of this","surprise"
"This must have been totally horrifying for you. I'm glad to hear you found peace in the second birth.","joy"
"You're an idiot and no one believes you and your telegram jerk-off buddies.","anger"
"If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better","disapproval"
"That would never pass since every side would get what they want. There has to be a loser in his eyes","neutral"
"is your dad very wealthy by any chance [NAME]","amusement"
"This stinks like Troom Troom","neutral"
"I'm an inspiring man","curiosity"
"What is it again?","neutral"
"I'd pause and say yes...? Haha.","amusement"
"Yeah, fuck you for enjoying music! I'd love to see your collection. ","excitement"
"College was the worst and the most miserable time of my life. Adult life, on the other hand, is the best I've had.","approval"
"I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title","neutral"
"Ugh I've had my mirena for a few years. I get none of bleeding and all of the cramps","disgust"
"What? I am aware it isn't permanent. The other legals aren't permanent either.","neutral"
"> The porn that I downloaded was Brazzers produced. In case you don't know, Brazzers is ***anal*** about their IP. Ha get fucked.","amusement"
""It's not true!!! But I DETEST [NAME]!! Reddit help meeee!!!"","disapproval"
"You know all politicians do this/have done this or similar things to their own compensation, right? Hate the game, not the player","neutral"
"I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what? ","disgust"
"That's exactly what I said and not arguing in bad faith at all. I applaud your intellectual honesty and hope your sexually repressed dystopia is swiftly enacted.","approval"
"Cat is just practicing his Super Mario World skills","neutral"
"The lack of stick skills [NAME] lacks is actually astounding.","surprise"
"They said Texas! #Woooooo TEXAS","excitement"
"You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].","neutral"
"Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different. ","disgust"
"I only remember her getting flamed by Thooorin yikes","embarrassment"
"I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it","optimism"
"Maybe it is offended which is why he commented in the first place","annoyance"
"I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.","fear"
"Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.","admiration"
"That's pretty gross. Unlucky OP.","admiration"
"I think that stuff started before he was an alderman","neutral"
"Is this for an open carry? Or will I be limited to just owning at home, which is what I want anyway.","curiosity"
"Alright, so I googled aaaaaaand sorry for my misinformed mistake. Dunno where I heard that [NAME] didn't win the popular vote but it was wrong :(","disappointment"
"If you want any hope of getting better, you must stop everything and anything with underage girls...forever ","approval"
"Lol do it.. then block him again","amusement"
"I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.","sadness"
"I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke","amusement"
"You and me both.... Production of reality tv is where its *at*!!! 😂😂😂 (sarcasm) ","amusement"
"Crocodile tears.. 🙄🐊","neutral"
"Because all our society has done for the past 60 years is talk about your problems.","sadness"
"The EPA allowed DuPont to use a chemical that literally kills people in their nonstick pans. They can be bought too unfortunately.","neutral"
"Then I disagree that being a cog in someone’s machine is reason to be resentful.","disapproval"
"hope he keeps his shit together, he can become great","optimism"
"Go Army!","neutral"
"You seem way too defensive, dude.","neutral"
"I adore this comment section <3","caring"
"Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.","gratitude"
"The "YOU SHOT MY MERCEDES?!" clip is heavily underrated imho. Glad it made the cut for this amazing video.","neutral"
"Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.","anger"
"No. Let them earn it. And THEY ARE and WILL CONTINUE","neutral"
"Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad","amusement"
"I did that a few weeks back, bronze-> silver, etc. took forever lol","amusement"
"not true! Acute acopia needs a brief social admission, social work, and tincture of time Chronic acopia needs placement","disapproval"
"I want to know how she thinks you can convert fat into muscle","desire"
"Mr. [NAME] is basically Wow","neutral"
"Nukeville sounds like a nicer neighborhood. Like no broken and burnt houses and like children playing in the street and people having barbecues","admiration"
"Believe it or not, I actually am. With the exception of stupidity. ","neutral"
"The problem they have is... They "knew" [NAME] would win.","neutral"
"Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.","desire"
"One of the most memorable games I’ve been to. And I got some great seats for an even better price.","optimism"
"Bro, pay attention. I know you guys aren't known for that, but this is not a centrist sub. For [NAME] sake read for one","caring"
"I know but it just makes me gag.","neutral"
"I had a 2 litre bottle. It went flat before I opened it, nearly wept.","neutral"
"What was the first insult from [NAME] to [NAME]? I think I missed it","neutral"
"He's been great since his first snap as a [NAME]","admiration"
"Pls not granny :(","neutral"
"**Takes away membership card* HOW DARE YOU SIR!!!","anger"
"Great game. Love winning in NOLA.","admiration"
"Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.","gratitude"
"If it's true i'm sad he's leaving but I wish him nothing but the best.","neutral"
"Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!","annoyance"
"When my mom yells at me like that is because she loves me though, she should learn something from this","love"
"That, the fact that the photo was taken on someone's phone and the fact they couldn't be arsed to crop it properly...","disapproval"
"Holy fuck, that save was on what was essentially a wide open net","surprise"
"[NAME] is cuter 😆😍","love"
"That is called "delusions of reference" and it is a symptom of acute psychosis. If he is doing any kind of recreational drug that will make it worse. ","approval"
"Yeah me too. I understand liking white noise in background for some people but asmr can get kinda freaky at times.","neutral"
"So does [NAME] :(","neutral"
"What a great reason to have kids.","neutral"
"This is actually interesting..thanks.","excitement"
"Appreciate you homie","gratitude"
"[NAME] has always intrigued me. Some people hate her, others love her. Same with [NAME]. Personally they're both my faves <3","admiration"
"wasn't that a while back?","neutral"
"He’s so eager to please! This trait in dogs is so endearing.","annoyance"
"Hurts to read :(","remorse"
"Based on what exactly. I'm honestly curious in what you value so highly that America has?","neutral"
"Mexico definitely had a lot of potential for prosperity, but then all the mess starting in the 1910s leading to the PRI really squelched all that...","neutral"
"It was fucking epic, don’t deny it!","annoyance"
"Which will happen.","neutral"
"You contradicted yourself","caring"
"I'm honestly shocked that the Bucks have more subs than us. I was surprised the Wolves had more too.","surprise"
"I feel like you and i share a mind. I appreciate your creativity!","admiration"
"I dont blame you I have a stuffed otter my gf and I got in Catalina I wont even let my niece play with it","neutral"
"I still love figment!","approval"
"Lol squidward has vibes similiar to dxm vibes imo","amusement"
"In good news today: she broke up with him!! Right after he told her he’ll never love her the way she loves him 🙄","neutral"
"Oh shit I didn't even connect those dots!","realization"
"I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.","sadness"
"He’s doing this to get some of that lawsuit money","neutral"
"12 point lead...just like that","excitement"
"I was about to explain that the one with 8 h's was taken until I read your username. Beautiful.","admiration"
""A lot can change in 365 days. Hang in there."","optimism"
"shaved definitely makes things more swampy for me. I need the hair to soak up the swamp","approval"
"Usually fly fishing. During winter I like cooking, enjoying a glass of wine or a joint. ","joy"
"Other than a lame attempt of being insulting, what part of anything you said has anything to do with what I said?","annoyance"
"> I don’t understand the boot-licking mentality Calling it in 5 years. That's your future AP.","annoyance"
"All hail valve I guess?","confusion"
"Their stuff is actually really amazing! Everything from brushes to lipsticks I've loved","admiration"
"We have enough places to start a convo with [NAME], but others have better pieces.","realization"
"And every [NAME] on Reddit has an anxiety attack...","neutral"
"You got shafted.","admiration"
"GIVE ME A WAY TO AVOID MAPS PLEASE I BEG YOU I DON'T WANT TO PLAY THIS GARBAGE GAMEMODE ANYMORE","neutral"
"> neckbeards come out in droves defending their undeveloped/deformed masculinity. You're a disingenuous cunt.","neutral"
"I'm a cis woman and your wardrobe sounds like like my ideal fall wardrobe!","neutral"
"You quack!","surprise"
"I guess I've never seen that written out. Thanks for the correction.","gratitude"
"I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.","joy"
"Good thing the races weren’t reversed otherwise we would be organizing a march or rally instead of having a good laugh.","neutral"
"He needs an eye patch","neutral"
"I'd watch it without a doubt. I'm especially interested in the different Tracer playstyles, because the only one I know is dive.","neutral"
"That's freedom of speech for you. We have to give even the assholes a chance to talk, because the alternatives are worse.","neutral"
"Left the spasms behind long ago, we're now at full on convulsions","neutral"
"I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol","amusement"
"I worked at a hospital in northern NJ and float pool was only $4 extra","approval"
"Let's keep it going! Make the rest of the team win it boys!","desire"
"Wonder why he's falling backwards, it can't possibly be because the player is falling into him.","curiosity"
"Oh, with that title I thought the crocodile was gonna- oh.","amusement"
"I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao","admiration"
"As a Ringwraith this offends me. Please build me a snowfort.","neutral"
"Downshifting in a manual to accelerate quicker","neutral"
"This is incorrect. Taiwan was regarded as an island of no importance.","disapproval"
"Ive been playing it since this post got loads of upvotes ahahha its great","admiration"
"happy to help","optimism"
"I'll have you know, we've never lost to a 16-seed that was the winner of a play-in game","realization"
"Peaky Blinders is the shit. I don't understand how there isn't more hype around this show.","disapproval"
"That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.","gratitude"
"Nah dude, cats care about you more than anything, they just don't like to show it because they're tsundere","caring"
"At least he has a chance to grab a railing if he falls.","approval"
"You cant pick and choose racism you dippy cunt","anger"
"...not enough headphones for [NAME]? Also, [NAME] looks like a New [NAME].","neutral"
"Thank you soooo much 😍","gratitude"
"I want the man who makes me pizza from scratch and then lovingly hand feeds it to me. Completely realistic expectation.","desire"
"Why did [RELIGION] take inspiration from stoicism and neoplatonism and aristotelianism if outside sources are verboten?","confusion"
"Seems like a lot of time to wait ... i might need other options.","annoyance"
"ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned","grief"
"but then what will the vegans eat?","confusion"
"There’s no room for subtleties. This is a consensual nation.","disappointment"
"An ex-friend of mine proclaimed than anyone who speaks of being raped is a horrible, unethical human being.","annoyance"
"Pretty sure he stayed because he was told he's got the NE job once [NAME] is gone.","curiosity"
"I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate","neutral"
"I couldn’t agree more! I think deep down all I wish for is some weird validation from women","embarrassment"
"Me neither. :(","neutral"
"[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!","joy"
"Welcome to Pittsburgh","gratitude"
"I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.","joy"
"i dont, whats that","curiosity"
"Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].","approval"
"Your personality comes off as really obnoxious and overbearing. Maybe your thinly-veiled desperation explains why she didn’t want to go out with you.","neutral"
"Weird how ive been "attempted" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D","embarrassment"
"It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.","admiration"
"That day was incredible.","neutral"
"Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?","surprise"
"Amen. Although sometimes you look up and have to look back down before you lose the wood","optimism"
"Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic","desire"
"Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?","admiration"
"Voting for representatives to govern on your behalf isn't direct democracy. That is when the people directly vote on issues themselves.","neutral"
"It was more of a sarcastic ‘lol yeah right’. Nothing funny about wanting to harm my cat or control my life.","joy"
"Wholesome and hilarious! Good job OP.","admiration"
"I wonder if she unliked you? That'd then make sense for the rest of it.","neutral"
"Aww man. And I just came up with a great shitpost I mean idea....","excitement"
"I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.","approval"
"Maybe she was attempting to be ironic? I dunno, man, people are just an enigma.","neutral"
"This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one.... ","approval"
"Rematch against UVA, eh? First one to 40 wins!","curiosity"
"ah! you´re welcome! :)","neutral"
"Gotta boost that self esteem.","admiration"
"It look like so much then I realized that I don’t leave my house","realization"
"I hope. Sirens got me excited","approval"
"People hate him? Why? Most call him the most dominant player in CFB this year.","admiration"
"So what happened is she tried to rape you","curiosity"
"Good [NAME] she needs to stop","disapproval"
"You can remove them without killing or etc etc. Just stop reproduction","approval"
"Introspection? How would you personally go about that? What questions would you ask yourself?","curiosity"
"Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch","neutral"
"Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled","disappointment"
"So thankful for the conclusion. Having no idea how this played out was definitely going to haunt me","gratitude"
"You commie bastard","anger"
"Im from Austria, so im supporting TSM from EU. Would appreciate to Share my thoughts.","gratitude"
"How is it racist? I fail to see how.","anger"
""That's impossible." "It's necessary." If they were aiming to make a [NAME] a steely-eyed missile man, they succeeded. ","neutral"
"Me too 💕","approval"
"What the actual fuck, does seeing something terrible prevent you from enjoying the entire rest of your life?","confusion"
"If they didn't want the wheels to be stolen, they shouldn't have made then so easily stealable!","neutral"
"I work in the clinic as well! There’s a lot about this place. More than willing to talk offline to answer your questions! 4N?","curiosity"
"Am love u","love"
"It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.","neutral"
"Really? Shucks! I’ve never seen it...thought it was a perfect add. My bad.","anger"
"You and [NAME] guy should be friends","neutral"
"You. I like you.","love"
"There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.","approval"
"You misunderstand. I'm referring specifically to activist groups who mean to put women in elected office.","neutral"
"Wait but [NAME] did make the game without listening to these morons","neutral"
"aye they buggin for no reason im just saying good job keep it up.","optimism"
"She’s horrible","neutral"
"I wish it'd stop being submitted on the sub. We're out on him and it's pretty obvious.","neutral"
"Nobody left Milky Way yet because of reapers. It’s not possible nobody got in for the same reason, or a similar more localized reason ","neutral"
"No problem if you want further reading there is dedicated forums out there for punting.","relief"
"Google gold's formula. It's what NRcan recommends. Few whitepapers will come up as well, if more in-depth research is your thing.","approval"
"And someone downvoted you for that smh","neutral"
"I have a really nice tempurpedic one and about 6 king sized fluffy ones that I use to just fall asleep hugging","admiration"
"Thanks for this!","gratitude"
"This is just classic eureka, when nothing else works make yourself the real victim again","realization"
"[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro","annoyance"
"I am sure epic is going to go the disney way and not have any "controversal" stuff on their platform.","optimism"
"Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal. ","neutral"
"I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss","approval"
"She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]","disapproval"
"“You okay? I’ll call 9-1-1 for you guys.” -guy in the van that was running","neutral"
"Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!","sadness"
"I miss the [NAME] and [NAME] love story.","neutral"
"I was aware I would be going to hospital and would be showing the teacher up (should have mentioned it)","neutral"
"I saved it on my memories/highlights","approval"
"Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey","pride"
"fuck I meant to put a never in there. I'm glad you picked me up on this before I got put on a subreddit.","anger"
"This. It IS a minority here, but they are very vocal and very active, exactly what you would expect from a PR team","neutral"
"Even worse: "Share something interesting about yourself." Suddenly I become the most boring person ever to exist.","neutral"
"Most people don't believe I have aspergers because I look 'normal' everyone else just thinks I'm weird.","disapproval"
"Don't worry, he won't be for long","neutral"
"I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.","fear"
"You know he only follows NSFW subs","realization"
"Fair enough. Thanks for the input.","gratitude"
"Oh boy yeah","neutral"
"Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!","surprise"
"Man I love reddit.","love"
"Atonement is just something else. [NAME] is just so lovely in his writing.","admiration"
""Hey look at this reciept! Oops I totally didn't mean to show off my great body." I see what you did there ;)","excitement"
"Love the use of ginormous ... so true","love"
"Just as a curiosity I wonder what [NAME] would offer for someone like him in light of their desperation at forward.","curiosity"
"Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much","joy"
"Thanks for that. Never really investigated mechanism of it. Seems to be familial as father has it too. Otherwise normal.","gratitude"
"So it would seem","neutral"
"Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!","annoyance"
"bet he loves to slow dance","love"
"Losing to cruz azul smh","disappointment"
""Being able to attract women" shouldn't be the only way you rate how good a person is. That's ridiculous.","annoyance"
"This seems like a good as time as any to ask, what's some hype super robot stuff to check out? I've only ever seen Gurren.","approval"
"Oh cool so you admit to being a pedo.","curiosity"
"Those people are seeking fame and riches, of course they're gonna run into scumbag predators","anger"
"You're going to be pissed.","neutral"
"This article wasn’t much better. The errors begin in the sixth paragraph. Thanks for sharing though!","disapproval"
"When did they say the aliens left behind were injured? Or left behind at all?","neutral"
"Wife of a lawyer. This is correct","neutral"
"Sometimes life actually hands you lemons. We're just lucky that we have a proverbial phrase that gives us an idea of what we can do with them.","neutral"
"Oh wow this is big. Thanks for the heads up. Indeed! So many great memories that I still like to reflect back on. Thanks!","excitement"
"I had forgotten it was coming up until I saw this. That us my level of excitement and anticipation.","disappointment"
"Nah, I like that they come here and tell on themselves. ","approval"
"[NAME] was their best player","admiration"
"I’ve learned to just laugh these off, and try not to dwell on them. ","neutral"
"Thank you! It really means a lot to me","gratitude"
"Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked","excitement"
"Surprised he didn’t get hit with a random drug test","surprise"
"How so? Genuinely curious, I've yet to make a judgment here, as I'm not informed enough. Edit: typo","annoyance"
"At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net","annoyance"
"you seem fun!","admiration"
"This is actually funny","joy"
"I think it’s one of these softballs","neutral"
"Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.","gratitude"
"my fiancé enjoys all the aspie things I do and thinks they're cute. I don't understand why, but I appreciate it nonetheless.","admiration"
"Great work hentaipoon!","admiration"
"Yeah mate, was just being sarcastic. [NAME] after January is something else. But still, I'm happy for [NAME].","approval"
"My point is that you followed this subreddit to watch videos like this and then comment and say it shouldn't exist. Are you thick?","neutral"
"True Detective: Season One","neutral"
"Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!","neutral"
"I am really sad because my innocent nieces are brainwashed by my crazy sister","sadness"
"I think my mom is similar but I feel like I make things worse by trying to explain myself.","confusion"
"No bots in online multiplayer.","neutral"
"Not needed position? What team have you been watching?","curiosity"
"Just leave that school go to a new one","caring"
"Yeah that helps. Thanks :)","gratitude"
"I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.","sadness"
"As I said, the justification needs to be found outside of a separate measure of support.","neutral"
"I've never heard of him. Do you have a link? Curious to see if he has any videos on accents I'm familiar with.","curiosity"
"Not without espousing blanketed partisan political opinions that will get me a million downvotes","neutral"
"I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now","disappointment"
"This exact scene, as a matter of fact, haha.","amusement"
"I can tell you thought this damp squib was an absolute dinger.","neutral"
"Love the hair","admiration"
"This was good. I’m not the OP, but thanks for posting.","gratitude"
"I assume you mean how men are guilty until proven innocent in rape cases and how many places refuse to accept women can commit rape","disgust"
"Post saved! That looks like a great exercise to try, thank you. ","admiration"
"I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.","nervousness"
"Sorry, I wish I was wrong, but Mathews is over rated","joy"
"Reminds me of the blueberry girl from [NAME]","realization"
"[NAME] is so fun. You can cc everyone and be annoying af. Imo [NAME] is the most fun role 🤷","amusement"
"I recommend here a kind of jazz bar that enjoy a meal and drink. Famous place in seoul","approval"
"Today on 'Days of Our Steelers'...","neutral"
"I would meet up in a public place first. Invite her to a bar within walking distance of your place and assess. Safety first.","caring"
"Taking the baby is the creepiest thing they’ve done yet - just so evil, in a dim, giggly way.","disgust"
"Hell yeah I got the 420 upvote","excitement"
"[NAME] runs a zone coverage base. [NAME] is much better in zone than [NAME] or [NAME]. However, the other 2 are better in isolation.","admiration"
"Good mind, good luck.","approval"
">lol that's [NAME]","amusement"
"need to stop over reacting about *everything*.","realization"
"Nobody traveled from Ahch-To to Cantonica or vice versa iirc, so this doesn't make a lot of sense...?","confusion"
"I'm worried that even in the summer we're not going to have the funds necessary to do that.","disapproval"
"this literally made me sick to my stomach","annoyance"
"[NAME] is a terrible defender, and as much as I like [NAME], I think it would be more beneficial to move his contract and sign another piece","admiration"
"Exactly, but I guess I've gotten used to people forgetting the club exists haha","amusement"
"Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.","admiration"
"You're mistaking a poor character for MC.","disappointment"
"soon i’ll have an army of karens and no one will be able to stop me","curiosity"
"Well, shrinking of your d could be a motivation to quit porn.","optimism"
"Will try. Thank you","gratitude"
"What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s","curiosity"
"Well then I’d say you have a pretty good chance if it’s any girl lol","joy"
"Pls come back","neutral"
"Yea. I'm not to worried about it","nervousness"
"Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?","confusion"
"Ok but it's pretty cute too","approval"
"No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕 ","disapproval"
"Sorry, I swapped back to Canada unclearly, to respond to the comments about it.","sadness"
"What a wonderful world","admiration"
"Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game","disappointment"
"You guys really took this loss well. I'm stunned at how not-salty you minor leaguers are taking it. Totally not full of excuses and what-ifs.","approval"
"That’s what happens when you’re from the uk and there’s literally nothing but 1 uk event outside of the pro league and America.","neutral"
"It's not what you said. It was the way you said it.","neutral"
"The way that was worded I can't tell if your super calm or about to flip a chair","approval"
"I was at this game live, right by the end zone when he ran this glorious run in. It was beautiful.","admiration"
"Yes please. Take the cheeto too, fuck it.","anger"
"[NAME] also hates selfies","neutral"
"You really don't comprehend anything my man, now do you? Goodness gracious the amount of stupidity. ","anger"
"Doesn't look like any 12 year old I've ever seen.","surprise"
"Cats are repulsive and they don't deserve to be pets","disapproval"
"Pretty sure it’s going on in the apartment across from me right now. My neighbors are trashy","annoyance"
"Dunno what youre going on about bud, i was just informing him of the skins inspiration ","neutral"
"Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!","confusion"
"my favourite kind of cookies.","joy"
"I don't feel so financially secure","disappointment"
"I legit wish you never talked to me","neutral"
"I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.","admiration"
"I’m anxious, he’s shy. We’re both teenagers and from what I understand his parents won’t let him have one","realization"
"Alright, thanks","gratitude"
"Thanks for adding the link. I'm not that reddit savvy","gratitude"
"Imagine my shock","neutral"
"My favorite part of women being in the game is fucking destroying them. Take that femenists","annoyance"
"> I know I should feel happy why","neutral"
"Canada is also getting news coverage.","neutral"
"Seriously? I have to work Monday. I can’t be thinking like that over the weekend.","annoyance"
"Take him to a family holiday and I'm sure your family will do all of the work to hint that you guys should get married.","neutral"
"Im gonna go on those subs, wish me luck","gratitude"
"I’d rather not, thank you. Seeing her play that evil emperor in that Star Wars movie was quite enough.","annoyance"
"My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music ","admiration"
"Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.","approval"
"Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.","annoyance"
"I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(","disappointment"
"That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.","joy"
"I’d like to know too. How lucky am I that my first ever relationship was with a pwBPD. sigh","love"
"Ok. I didn't know we discussed this topic. Have a nice day.","embarrassment"
"For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out. ","disappointment"
"Girls be you, Guysndont care about it. Be youand things may go well","neutral"
"we need more [NAME] like [NAME] and [NAME]. So far those are the only 2 who I have seen stick to their principles.","admiration"
"I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.","disgust"
"He loved [NAME] "old man in a park" painting!","love"
"That's funny stuff, there","joy"
"It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph","neutral"
"Thank you, I need it. I am currently trying to learn French, would that help ?","gratitude"
"Adorable little buggers.","amusement"
"It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.","anger"
"Wait is this the original template where all the satire comes from?","neutral"
"SOME newborns are ugly. I did think my little sister was ugly af.","annoyance"
"Way to go mama for being so supportive!","gratitude"
"Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!","realization"
"That's just the adrenaline. It'll set in soon, haha","neutral"
"I did twist my ankle trying to play that on DDR.","sadness"
"With the way [NAME] has been playing I’m just hoping it’s not a coincidence that [NAME] is playing well too.","optimism"
"That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life. ","curiosity"
"Honestly Quadriga has been pretty decent, can't fault them for the bank struggle, that's just how the Canadian banks have been towards this space. ","admiration"
"While we watch the private form of Operation Chokepoint with Patreon, it's bizarre that people don't believe this stuff is real. ","approval"
"My dog is less uglier than this.","neutral"
"Oh like "both of." Gotcha. Good times","optimism"
"More like 25% in this scenario. Precarious though not necessarily disastrous.","neutral"
"How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.","anger"
"Thanks for the good news!","gratitude"
"This submission was removed for breaking rule 7. This topic has already been posted, please search.","neutral"
"YES to all of this!","neutral"
"what's a friend","neutral"
"Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry' ","neutral"
"More like I was raised in Asia but go off. I’m not gonna bother arguing with trumpie lmao.","annoyance"
"That guy is being intentionally obtuse. Down vote trolls are a waste of everyone's time.","annoyance"
"I don't think that's a normal marriage because my husband has never said those kinds of things to me (20 years now)","neutral"
"Dude looks like a lady","amusement"
"Could also be the coil, my bet on that before the plug. Good luck.","curiosity"
"At least back then we didn't have AIDS.","approval"
"A person seeking companionship is one thing but attention from as many dudes as possible is another lol","amusement"
"I'm...not going to let him see me cry.","sadness"
"Yeah I had a lot of respect for him in that moment.","admiration"
"[NAME] on Road Trippin' with how much fun she has with ET and gets super straight forward with anybody else.","admiration"
"Tired of watching [NAME] choke, hope she's better in the deciding doubles ","optimism"
"I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?","anger"
"Human life has value. Veganism and pro-life are 2 completely different ballparks morally. Terrible argument 1/10","neutral"
">"Le Painting"??? What hell is that? - [NAME], 2019","annoyance"
"Thank goodness.","gratitude"
"because people like before they watch a third of the video","neutral"
"Wow you think 15 downvotes in Reddit from the YIMBY cult has any meaning? I didn't say anything pertaining to economics.","annoyance"
"If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!","annoyance"
"Finally figured out who these two remind me of","neutral"
"This a very serious question but I will say what everyone else will: "I want [NAME] out"","approval"
"The f****** voice of the unsolved mysteries guy","curiosity"
"I assume the [NAME] announcement doesn't mean that his contract money comes off of the payroll?","optimism"
"Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it. ","surprise"
"Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.","remorse"
"[NAME] is available","neutral"
"Doesn't help that it's not actually cheese. Looks like a pretty standard Vegan mac+whatever you wanna call it","joy"
"Can I see it?","curiosity"
"You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.","approval"
"president [NAME], what should we do? shut. down. everything!","anger"
"Posted it and so far I'm getting shat on in the comments lol","disappointment"
"Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.","disappointment"
"Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats","confusion"
"Could be something limited to my branch too.","confusion"
"Think I'm gonna get a chance radio, so I can talk to other car beds. ","optimism"
"oh no I agree that its edited, but I think she has other things going on too.. BDD at least ","approval"
"I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!","excitement"
"Never underestimate the stupidity of people","disappointment"
"You’re the meme this sub jokes about.","neutral"
"Shut up and dance","neutral"
"[NAME] would have won MIchigan. He won the primary. It's hard to fathom but some of [NAME] voters ended up switching to 45","gratitude"
"What campaign? He is already president.","neutral"
"What were they mumbling at the end before the commercial break? That was weird.","curiosity"
"Is the fruit named after the colour, though, or is the colour named after the fruit?","confusion"
"Sorry, should've mentioned... ","remorse"
"First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands","anger"
"I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him. ","anger"
"Woah up until this comment I thought the same","surprise"
"That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.","approval"
"To humor the thought, I would think that they would just move on and find a different platform that either worked equally as well or better.","optimism"
"If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless","disapproval"
"I'm honestly so pissed off for you. That whole situation is insane. Good luck moving on. No one deserves to be treated like that.","admiration"
"Then spend already! Go get [NAME] and [NAME] and [NAME]. Bring up that young talent and dominate already.","optimism"
"It would be interesting to know what you've learned about other sects of [RELIGION].","curiosity"
"But "questioning" overwhelming evidence presented with a comprehensive explanation without any sort of counterargument is perhaps better called *denying*.","admiration"
"You seem real salty, lol. Enjoy having a 4th grade reading level bruh ","amusement"
"That's what you get for being a drama queen.","neutral"
"[NAME] is gorgeous and so are you.","curiosity"
"You sound like you’re the one that needs a safe space (and a Depends change)","approval"
"Honestly, they changed writers and it's been pretty good so far, maybe one or two not great episodes this season.","admiration"
"[NAME] is so weak. What a ballerina he is around the basket.","neutral"
"Or, do you organize when you're mind feels more structured? The old chicken or the egg question. ","neutral"
"She's 17. Let her brag about cool visual effects, yikes","desire"
"He claimed surv cuz he didn't want to be shot by the vig","caring"
"Well, dig him out of there!","anger"
"Woke up feeling smug that I am off until Wednesday... Then I saw all the text messages, emails, and Skype messages. Fuuuuuuck. ","anger"
"You were taken care of with stolen money.","caring"
"[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous","approval"
"Discuss and follow a case an onsessibg per the case are different. It's odd. It's the only conviction on earth where we see this.","neutral"
"I'd very much doubt many people believe there was no awareness or complicity.","confusion"
"That's [NAME]!","approval"
"I saw that, and read it *immediately* in his voice.","neutral"
"Do you have any hobbies? Potential hobbies that you're interested in?","neutral"
"If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)","love"
"Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].","annoyance"
"You know what's coming, right?","confusion"
"Cheers! :)","neutral"
"Paying for the drinks doesn’t equate to drinking the drinks.","neutral"
"> is not needed for dogs. Wrong. In *this* case it wasn’t. It very often is.","neutral"
"YOU DIED","neutral"
"It' kinda ironic that "Winners" are actually losers (they haven't realised that yet)","realization"
"I hadn’t even noticed the hairline, was too busy looking at the rest of the awful stuff going on.","approval"
">Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.","disappointment"
"I want to see more heroes just kill villains. I’ve been playing Tales of Vesperia and got to THAT scene and it got me super hype","approval"
"It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour","optimism"
"You lost me again, I don't know what sex selective imprinting is. Let's not get off track. Still waiting on definition. ","disappointment"
"They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock","anger"
"Ruff day at the arffice?","neutral"
"we need his euro step comp with this in the background [NAME]","joy"
"Let her work for her money like everyone else if she can afford to re decorate and go to Jamaica.","neutral"
">Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing. ","embarrassment"
"What absolute garbage","anger"
"I’m interested!","neutral"
"I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.","gratitude"
"Exactly. I have yet to see a plus sized model without a blemish-free, conventionally attractive face.","admiration"
"Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel. ","sadness"
"[NAME] fits at 3 separate funerals plus almost every very serious uncomfortable conversation I've ever had would indicate you're not alone. [NAME].","caring"
"[NAME] always looks like he just got handed a test and he realized he studied all the wrong material.","remorse"
"It's pretty clear if you understand basic math.","admiration"
"No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it","disapproval"
"Lol, nice try. ","amusement"
"a fair number of tolders I imagine. But yea I assume you and [NAME] are right","neutral"
"I don't think abortion is murder, but it's factually way less easy to disprove than the earth being flat.","neutral"
"It might be linked to the trust factor of your friend.","confusion"
"well, i've never had an outbreak or a cold sore. i have had chickenpox, though, but they have yet to reappear","sadness"
"Alexa play Sad!","sadness"
"[NAME] I still love my [NAME] family too","joy"
"“To fight there civil rights battles for them.” Okay, with that in mind, do you agree with the message of the Gillette ad?","approval"
"This is getting old.","disappointment"
"holy shit I got mad at those 4 points you made [NAME], playing [NAME] like that would be literally hell.","annoyance"
"I'm saving that for when I can show up too","neutral"
"It's been pretty mild in New England but we got a massive storm coming to change that at the end of the week","nervousness"
"This what happens when you run a lineup that includes a cold Galloway, GRIII, and Brown","neutral"
"Gotcha. I was married a few years before that, but you might have known my sister. She dated a guy in your branch named [NAME]","surprise"
"Ummm mdma or x would never make someone this violent. She was under the influence of something cut with meth","confusion"
"Not predictable enough to ever pull it out at the beginning of a round","confusion"
"I agree it was just funny with the timing. I'm guessing you don't usually order AT the gym. :)","amusement"
"Mini sun because rain pouring on you constantly will ruin everything around you like electronics","disapproval"
"This is almost as effective as posting that sweet photo of [NAME] old band","admiration"
"I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.","admiration"
"Bruh this the magic, we shouldn't have to have a big comeback","neutral"
"I didn't like the family ending but I liked the Atlantis ending especially as we know we are going to see more of it in DLC2.","approval"
"Ah ok, that makes more sense. I don’t think most [NAME] would see your last name and try to make it French, lol.","amusement"
"Happened right in front of our condo. Saw them cover the body after trying to revive him. It's been 6 months, not a year.","optimism"
"Yeah it was, it was awful, everyone got sick, I was sick for like a week after that event.","annoyance"
"Get the lad a prize.","neutral"
"What? That's a classic " did you like it" parent move.","surprise"
"Hardcore Henry.","admiration"
"Shit, I wish I had your skin and those blackheads. I’m 38 and still get acne and have scars!","desire"
"Thank you. If im not authorized to pickup from daycare tomorrow ill get my daughter friday with this court order and the police if necessary.","gratitude"
"And then choked on his vomit.","neutral"
"Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying","disappointment"
"Where the heck did the water bottle go??","curiosity"
"Ok but it's pretty cute too","joy"
"That might be an issue when it comes to meeting girls all the way around. Generally we love a guy who can make us laugh.","love"
"Are you joking? 538 has him hovering around -15 net approval. He won’t win unless Dems nominate someone like [NAME] again at this rate.","neutral"
"Uh... What's stopping you from just throwing it away?","curiosity"
"dOn't eVeN ThInK AbOuT It.","neutral"
"can we get a power stone remake? how about dragons dogma 2?","neutral"
"I see. Do you think my best bet is to buckle down and earn some OTR experience?","confusion"
"Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.","desire"
"Some dank shit DEFINITELY happened at the Ritz back in the day.","realization"
"Nobody is ever the only one to think anything.","neutral"
"I would rather have a educated population in my country, no wonder Canada has to bring in 300k immigrants.","neutral"
"I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!","love"
"[NAME]? never met one those.","neutral"
"My icebreaker is you do all the work.","neutral"
"Yes. "You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to ya."","approval"
"Should have grabbed her and called the police for property destruction","desire"
"Yeah, I agree. It left a bad taste in my mouth that they weren't even gonna mention it, so at least it's something.","neutral"
"Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.","approval"
"What's your definition of a repeater?","neutral"
"I guess when it's a decision they agree with the other Tamaki stuff I've read so far (granted I don't read much anything else.","neutral"
"Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.","admiration"
"Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.","disapproval"
"Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it! ","annoyance"
"I'm already tall, I just need to stop being a lanky scarecrow... at least I got good hips","admiration"
"If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(","anger"
"Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.","gratitude"
"Lets make a new reddit. Everything here is a repost anyways. r/conspiracy is the most fun though. Lets start from scratch.","amusement"
"Yep, still fun to theorise though!","amusement"
"A lot of girls who are hot don't want to date someone who can be more attractive than they are.","disapproval"
""cool little surprise" ow youtubers: NEW HERO NEW SKINS NEW MAPS NEXT WEEK?!","curiosity"
"How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.","fear"
"Does he even own a pair of airpods? Broke boi.","confusion"
"Anyone that actually takes the train daily can tell you that. And I do feel its getting worse.","disgust"
"The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.","disappointment"
"They also think you're a jealous man instead of an honest - though not very nice - woman.","anger"
"is that really fucking real","surprise"
"Ah. My misunderstanding. Yeah get rid of those but that isn't what the removed post was.","confusion"
"4-3 isn’t actual wins? Tell me more then about these “actual wins”","confusion"
"I loveeeeee Perth!!!! Why isn’t anyone else gushing about this town?","curiosity"
"Didn't expect him to land back in the championship, although mears was much more unlikely","disapproval"
"Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair","relief"
"Yeah because a country can't multitask. Go pedal your propaganda elsewhere","disapproval"
"Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.","pride"
"Grey’s Anatomy is still on the air? I thought it was cancelled years ago.","curiosity"
"Wait... I have been in two movies and I have played [NAME] in both.","realization"
"His laptop lol","amusement"
"I believe they use some tissue from the urethra that creates some small amount of lubrication.","neutral"
"Are you ok?","curiosity"
"Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product","admiration"
"I love this. Thank you","gratitude"
"Yeah she really didn’t. It’s prob for the best even though it’s tough right now. Thank you","approval"
"Just cut your losses, get out and don't look back!","caring"
"I can’t change that it’s just how the site works, I wish I could but I can’t ","disapproval"
"At least it isn't your living room.... hey, wait a minute!","neutral"
"Now, I'm trying to figure out who [NAME] could be in my memory banks. ","neutral"
"Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].","sadness"
"Trains were literally travelling the wrong direction that day","realization"
"Thank [NAME] for you","gratitude"
"Can’t die alone if you got yourself","neutral"
"I'll help hide the shovels beforehand","neutral"
"The hammer eh, interesting.","admiration"
"Dam 😣 that was awesome!","approval"
"Fair enough. I typically focus more on the lower bound because I hate when people use "millennials" as a synonym for "youths." ","anger"
"It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.","gratitude"
"Don't wear out our [NAME]. We need him if this season is going to amount to anything.","neutral"
"Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.","amusement"
"OK it should be 4 week Med Cert then 3 month Med Certs for Jobseeker Support with Medical Deferral, the Doctor can electronically send the forms thru to WINZ. ","approval"
"Love your username!","approval"
"It' kinda ironic that "Winners" are actually losers (they haven't realised that yet)","disapproval"
"They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work","disappointment"
"I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.","anger"
"Cheers to you on your cake day.","excitement"
"I think thats dumb and simplistic. You really can't boil down the sociology of race by comparing it to 2+2=4.","disapproval"
"It happened so fast I didn't even have time to be scared.","amusement"
"I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.","love"
"Luckily for her former therapist maybe she can no longer leave her home.","neutral"
"I doubt that [NAME] cares.","annoyance"
"This is great. Thanks for sharing OP :)","gratitude"
"Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch","anger"
"True story? Haha","amusement"
"I love how that's pretty much all they can do, literally beg for him not to run.","love"
"You’re the kind of guy I could really dig... a grave for!","annoyance"
"I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.","disappointment"
"Dual income and continuous monogamous sex. If the sex stops before 60 I'm out, I'm not going to be one of those /r/deadbedrooms losers.","annoyance"
"Yeah.... I've always sucked at smiling honestly. I hate it. I hate selfies. I usually don't smile.","anger"
"haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.","gratitude"
"No! My furniture is floating!","annoyance"
"[NAME] is the name I heard speculated on, but the reality is it'll be [NAME]. ","optimism"
"I have yet to see a single reasonable person supporting [NAME]. Not on Reddit, not on Twitter, nowhere. ","neutral"
"Nice. I'll look around for it. Thanks!","admiration"
"OH MY GOD TYLER THAT CENSORING","neutral"
"I thought this was Cookie Dookie for a second","neutral"
"I have 1200 hours and the highest i’ve ever been was silver elite. I should probably quit this game.","approval"
"Tell him he needs to go to rehab or he’ll be kicked out.","anger"
"Lets get it ooooonnn","neutral"
"Indiana resident here: fuck this state.","anger"
"[NAME] as if he wouldn't just cut the bullet in half","amusement"
"Thank you [NAME].. Another disaster you created.","gratitude"
"It’s best we end this conversation before someone interprets that differently","approval"
"I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots","joy"
"FRIENDSHIP WITH [NAME] OVER. [NAME] IS NEW BEST FRIEND.","neutral"
"I wish I could upvote this a thousand times","optimism"
"Thanks for your addition! I didn’t know any mercy players who made good content for her so I left her out. Appreciate it!","confusion"
"Well if the battery was dead, and the car wouldn't start then wasn't the car dead. So it was not really invincible.","neutral"
"Good potatoes, good pasta.","admiration"
"Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.","neutral"
"You're a [NAME], wizard.","neutral"
" No one makes that argument, though, except strawmen invents by the right. ","disapproval"
"I noticed this last night when rewatching [NAME]. Her daughter was easily 400 pounds.","neutral"
"Made me think of that video from the BBC about dating in Shetland .","amusement"
"Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible. ","approval"
"Same. I only use my controller on my pc for dark souls and other rpg games","neutral"
"oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]","sadness"
"Holy shit this speaks to me.","surprise"
"Democrat politician, my bad should have specified. We are mostly all “liberals” here even if we’ve been alienated on this issue.","disgust"
"Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic","approval"
"then youll do just fine!","caring"
"Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?","neutral"
"I've seen guys who didn't know each other start conversations about sports. It all seemed very effortless.","disappointment"
"Doesnt help [NAME] was right. That would further push [NAME] into his arms","approval"
"Don't worry, nobody expects much from you people anyways.","neutral"
"Are you top or bottom? I need to go under you real quick I'm gonna need you to take him on bar","curiosity"
"So thankful for the conclusion. Having no idea how this played out was definitely going to haunt me","gratitude"
"I love flying out of Midway because I feel like I have never waited more than 10 minutes for security. I love the lines at Midway.","joy"
"I like it so far I’d heard of it ages ago just never got round to watching it.","admiration"
"In the sub's defense, this guy is clearly a minority opinion being downvoted.","neutral"
"The kind look on his face certainly helps","optimism"
"Now you've told them","curiosity"
"What was their GDP then? You forgot that part.","curiosity"
"Anytime :)","neutral"
"The entire generations thing needs to die. What are they useful for? Feeding the ego of some dumbass on the internet?","confusion"
"Gotta eliminate the competition. It's Just Good Business.","admiration"
"i’d totally prefer an unmatch than a “thought you were cute til I saw your full body shot”","approval"
">Found out that **my** [NAME] Oh, I get it. You've caught the scent of a lesser stag in your nostrils. Pity!","grief"
"Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.","sadness"
"I had a guy who just kept jumping off the bridge in Eichenwald to his death over and over.. in a placement match.. WHY!","curiosity"
"Please leave this dude","annoyance"
"Gah!!! I wish you well! Also, what NERVE they have.... wow.","neutral"
"Wow thanks I gotta try this!","excitement"
"How can someone be so stupid, hope it hurt maybe learn not to do that again.","annoyance"
"Then she is just passing her bad habits forward.","annoyance"
"you da real mvp!","approval"
"Wait. Is this a parenting book with a typo? Because this seems to be a great approach to use with a toddler.","curiosity"
"I hope they bring him back. Last year was awesome","amusement"
"Definitely the second.","approval"
"Not threatening? It is an exhortation to commit a violent sexual act against a woman.","curiosity"
"All it takes is a single touch to get me out of my armor and in my underwear?","neutral"
"Probably just rattling the people that know they did something wrong, but now you've gone and gotten me to speculate too","neutral"
"Baby you was right","neutral"
"If that's what your ego needs I think you have some work to do.","neutral"
"I actually have the complete collection so I can play any of them when I want to!","approval"
"He had one poor split, and he already looks strong, fuck your mindless hate","neutral"
"“Guys watch out, the scary looking kid is coming down the hall”","fear"
"I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere","neutral"
"A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.","annoyance"
"Yeah they taste so fake!!","disappointment"
"That’s mad hombre Switzerland confirmed 🌊🌊 I bet you get bare skiing done","approval"
"I really love this title.","love"
"I never understood the part where he dives into a pile of money, even as a child. It seems wildly painful.","confusion"
"Yup, it all starts with [NAME]. He’s not the worst owner in the nfl, but he’s in the bottom half for sure. ","approval"
"I will take 10 more years of overpowered Tracer before I enjoy having Brig as a counter","excitement"
"Why so quiet now? You had a lot to say to me a handful of days ago.","neutral"
"Thank you for correcting me on these! I have taken them down. I will do more research in the future.","gratitude"
"Yeah I’m working with my therapist to help me identify certain behaviors early and pay attention to the red flags.","excitement"
"**Post submission rules** * No compilations, unless all videos are from the same driver or cam or car.","neutral"
"I'm not going to look at your evidence. There's never been a shred of evidence!","neutral"
"whats on his story? I dont have insta","neutral"
"Me too 💕","love"
"Nice one comrade","admiration"
"If he really believed those things, he was naive as hell.","neutral"
"Damn you and your facts.","annoyance"
"Oh it is going to be glorious.","admiration"
"Judging by my 10 month old, that is about 2.5 days worth of dirty diapers. ","disgust"
"They do get an awful lot of upvotes, so they seem to have at least some support from others.","disappointment"
"I'm glad they called it. Basketball is so dumb in that it's one of the few sports you're rewarding for committing a penalty.","neutral"
"Looks f*cking delicious","excitement"
"Teen spirit sure ain't what it used to be...","disapproval"
"What a king. So sweet","admiration"
"Even though you can me, I’m slow clapping to this!","neutral"
"I do this all the time and I have honestly never noticed.","realization"
"i cant believe they went after lady [NAME] who has been compared to [NAME]","surprise"
"You've aged horribly'","fear"
"Isnt that the god awful truth","fear"
"Welcome to the new normal.","excitement"
"Thank you for your open mind. Stay strong, fight the good fight, and stay educated.","caring"
"Bear in mind the first sighting was at 9pm, hard to get good footage after sunset","disapproval"
"Didn't really help who the Master is but [NAME] will lose his damn mind. We video game worlds now.","anger"
"That explains it. Who was it?","neutral"
"I'd actually really like to see the numbers.","love"
"Those ads actually make me feel bad for financial advisors gouging clients with excessive fees.","sadness"
"> it's entirely likely that he isn't actually aware of what the current thinking on brexit is in British Labour. Who is?","confusion"
"Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad","gratitude"
"That used to be my favorite view on the planet, but now it’s just rage. I can’t look anymore.","admiration"
"Thanks for the info, not gonna risk the ban. ","gratitude"
"I mean I'd rather have play him in the infield, but either way someone will get injured and [NAME] will play the infield.","neutral"
"You're happy something is negatively affecting people as long as it isn't you? [NAME]. You probably support [NAME] too.","neutral"
"There is no doubt about either one. Question is offside for this one.","neutral"
"You mean the millions of college grads living with their parents?","neutral"
"I did not realize that and maybe it’s because [NAME] is slightly cheaper and wanted to be a [NAME] badly.","confusion"
"Happy cakeday your username is fun","joy"
"Good for you bb. I wish you all kind of life gains","optimism"
"People really spend more than $10 in an app game? I mean an actual video game I can understand but that's just...sad","curiosity"
"This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong","disapproval"
"HOLY MOTHER DUCKER","neutral"
"Everyone's invited","neutral"
"Even if you were, all good my dude! Shouldn't comment on something too quickly lol","approval"
"Even if it was true, what would they actually gain from misrepresenting the data?","neutral"
"Okaaaay? I'm not sure how to respond to that, no offense.","confusion"
"yea ok dude","approval"
"Look at it this way: it's the Millennium Falcon, everyone still loves it. It's part of it's charm.","admiration"
"It definitely took a lot of research to figure everything out for myself, but I’m glad I was able to help ya!","joy"
"Well this is terrifying.","fear"
"I hope to experience this beautiful rendition of bliss","admiration"
"Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol","neutral"
"Yeah, and you don’t learn fine intricacies in a tutorial. You learn them through playing. You’re arguing a strawman now. ","neutral"
"This really feels like a jab at [NAME] as opposed to a reconciliation. Hope I'm wrong.","excitement"
"Theesomes won't make someone monogamous more open to solo stuff.","disapproval"
"Ha, that would be a novel experience. He'd better let me deal with it.","desire"
"Lol same.","amusement"
"Direct democracy is a terrible idea. People are morons who's opinions are easily manipulated.","disgust"
"I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”","approval"
"> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.","approval"
"-30??? Omg that's awful. Stay warm and sane","approval"
"But you have about 0% chance of winning the lottery and the lottery isn't determined by your effort, skill, etc. ","disapproval"
"I forgot to reply last night, I talked to Microsoft and their engineers were working on the issue. The store was just not installing for anyone haha","amusement"
"Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks ","disappointment"
"This sounds encouraging. I hope they get lots of support from the public.","admiration"
"Yeah that's not nearly as dramatic and aggressive as the ball in the above video.","disapproval"
"At least he didn't throw them at someone.","realization"
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as "the lizard".","gratitude"
"Now this is poke choking!","disgust"
"Happy New Years, sidepiece!","neutral"
"I've seen muuuuuch weirder. But that was confusing as hell. LOL!","amusement"
"> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy","excitement"
"I literally teared up reading this. That poor, poor guy. He has a great attitude, but that's heartbreaking.","admiration"
"Do you mean commentaries on the stories?","neutral"
"Saves me going out to buy toilet paper today","approval"
"Flair checking in! I love it when they don't change the template messages!","love"
"what is this logic of which you speak?","curiosity"
"Mental health issues get such a bad rap as it is. I appreciate this comment a lot.","gratitude"
"Oh, I see. ","neutral"
"Obv a joke product you'd find in a novelty toy shop.","neutral"
"fuck I meant to put a never in there. I'm glad you picked me up on this before I got put on a subreddit.","admiration"
"The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.","sadness"
"Pilots omg... you are not alone there!","disapproval"
"I never said it was irrelevant. I am trying to add on to what the OP had said for potential savings.","neutral"
"This just looks like it’s actually from porn lol what is the original context","neutral"
"I love the content the PC channel puts out, its what wwe's channel should do more of","neutral"
"Thanks. And I suppose, but I think I gave up on justice. It’s too late. I just want revenge now.","gratitude"
"I’m concerned this story does not have a definitive conclusion","nervousness"
"On my phone I can delete a conversation and when someone will send a message it will look like the first message ever","neutral"
"Hm why are there age restrictions on the sex toys? :P","annoyance"
"Read the title of this post. I said ugly people can be LIKED. But people don’t truly FALL IN LOVE with physically unattractive people","approval"
"Wasn’t the black saber first seen in the Clone Wars? But otherwise all true.","curiosity"
"Could this be more .jpeged","neutral"
"Bless you!","caring"
"This is how it should be. I'm so happy to see this post.","joy"
"They must not have known their daughter was such a badass.","neutral"
"They were definitely having sex. He will never be trustworthy. 8 years is insane.","neutral"
"What is the $250,000 figure based on?","curiosity"
"You forgot evolution","neutral"
"You mean FUStrated, it's [NAME] here :)","anger"
"I suppose inducing vomiting is a sort of detox...","approval"
"Frankly, I'm continuously shocked that more than 35% of the population actually think he's doing a good job. ","admiration"
"I had a second date yesterday with such bad breath! I gave him a pass on the first date because we met online.","neutral"
"As a rep 6 orochi, those dodge attacks from neutral made me cringe.","neutral"
"Aye it's doing the rounds so I'm sure I'll see it today","approval"
"Bundle up and sled! Make a snowman! Take a walk through the wonderland!","optimism"
"4 5 everybody in the car, so come on let's ride!","neutral"
"[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.","neutral"
"My phone was in the car while I was at the pool in NC and it happened to me guess I am actually in Australia","amusement"
"I like long hair but it's never been a huge consideration in love.","approval"
"Don't care. Have fun. Got better things to do.","amusement"
"Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.","desire"
"[NAME], “How dare you show concern for the wounded!” Made me chuckle.","amusement"
"LMAO thank you hunni =] yeah just be w/ your mom then LOL","amusement"
"The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting","disgust"
"The other ending in the therapists office was the best in my opinion. Very White Bear-ish","admiration"
"I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!","approval"
"You're a turd","neutral"
"Yeah, might just grab a coffee and be done with it.","neutral"
"Woo hoo!!! Free at last!","neutral"
"I know, I know. I tend to have that effect on people ","sadness"
"I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.","anger"
"I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!","joy"
"Haha love it","joy"
"I just want to shake her by her shoulders and be like "*Why are you like this?!*"","curiosity"
"Stimulating rebuttal!","neutral"
"wow so almost every sub has grown a lot in 7 months. Also 8.3k!! what!? that's insane","amusement"
"Yep. First Monday of 2019.","excitement"
"That’s nice. If you know anything about Nazi history, you know the party made its platform up on the fly. ","neutral"
"This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s","embarrassment"
"Not ruined. They'll be bonded back in place if they were permanent crowns. Source: I have 14 crowns. Don't recommend.","neutral"
"yep, i think you should just try to be as honest as you can about how you feel, how it affects your daily life, etc","optimism"
"Yeah I usually do it if no-one will","approval"
"It was understandable, but it was comically basic. He just wanted to take over Earth for Darkseid IIRC. ","approval"
"If we go anything but line I’ll be irate.","neutral"
"Don't be afraid to go through therapy.","admiration"
"That can get me wet almost instantly. It’s ticklish but turns me on so much. It’s a really sensitive area I think.","embarrassment"
"So deport the bad guys and let the asylum seekers come in. Sounds like we don’t need a wall anyway.","disgust"
"Great idea! So he can get arrested or hospitalized or both.","admiration"
"i suppose it did, but the kick follow up whiff is what i was really pointing out","approval"
"I don’t even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.","disappointment"
"The fact that he allowed himself to be bullied and pressured means he obviously lacks the courage of his convictions and should step down","embarrassment"
"Please revise your post to include whatever your talking about. Because i have no idea what your referencing.","caring"
"What a waste of money and time","anger"
"We all do it sometimes don't worry.","caring"
"Is that Arcade club i spy? I love it there!","love"
"Deadlift and 3-lift total 100% raw federation","neutral"
"This momentum control by the refs is killing us, and we're letting it","annoyance"
"She looks like an early game killer.","neutral"
"What’s with that woman waving not to record, thanks [NAME] for nothing!👀😐🙄","neutral"
"NOW WE ARE READY TO SAIL FOR THE HORN, WEIGH HEY AND OFF WE GO","neutral"
"Been there, done that. Still alive and remarkably healthy at 51. The body is tremendously resilient","neutral"
"That was very interesting. Thanks for effort to write this up!","admiration"
"Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤","gratitude"
"Quoth the [NAME], "I didn't do it!"","neutral"
"This makes me wonder if they fixed [NAME] having a very noticeable gap between her body and legs with her new shorts.","admiration"
"I can see how need would have that affect.","neutral"
"When the caterer found out [NAME] was going to pay the bill out of his own pocket, perhaps they declined the honour.","disapproval"
"That’s beyond disgusting in every way.","disgust"
"Those are fighting games. Now pick up your pikachu and take a shower little timmy","neutral"
"I'd have to really contemplate that, but my huntch is to agree.","approval"
"i can also post pics of the receipt if anyone doesn’t believe me!!!","neutral"
"[NAME], this is your MLA, right? Dude *does* seem like a plug. ","neutral"
"Best year of my life tbh","neutral"
"That would be okay, I guess.","confusion"
"I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(","sadness"
"Holy crap, I've never seen a picture of [NAME] so thin.","neutral"
"I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.","joy"
"What are these other non stick options?","curiosity"
"Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one","desire"
"Very true, interesting point of view. ","approval"
"Franchise QB's are leaders who set the tone for the entire lockerroom. [NAME] is a terrible leader.","annoyance"
"LOOKKIT THIS PHOTERGRAPH","neutral"
" No one makes that argument, though, except strawmen invents by the right. ","neutral"
"Class topper meant something way different when I was growing up lol","amusement"
"if you have a problem with it, don't take your kid to see the story time show. PROBLEM SOLVED!","neutral"
"See her recent article in The Atlantic, in addition to what the other person who responded to you said.","neutral"
"Ok... if you think its time.... have a fun safe trip","caring"
"Keep asking. Mine turned around eventually.","neutral"
"Kinda feels like /r/WtSSTaDaMiT","neutral"
"The pic is Mehenjo-daro?","neutral"
"I just don’t see why he pushed me leave with him so bad just to dip when I did","annoyance"
"Now the 'fun' really starts. :(","amusement"
"I didn't delete it. Your moderators did. But that's what [NAME] do, they ","disapproval"
"Okay, gotcha. Does your wife have a lot of stress and anxiety from her job, or just in general?","neutral"
"this may have already been asked but what about the pelvic bones found in the quarry?? how tf is [NAME] still in prison??","neutral"
"This is me all the time, a mixture of anxiety and dread.","fear"
"I was more responding to the "Michigan will be fighting against that all year." In two weeks, there's no preseason weight at all. ","neutral"
"Is it weird that I’m relieved?","curiosity"
"That’s it right there. Thanks for the simple reminder.","gratitude"
"It's kinda odd that people are downvoting you without providing well-sourced counter-arguments to the points you're making.","annoyance"
"In all seriousness, glad you're all okay and that you shared this awesome story. Congrats btw. ","admiration"
"I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.","confusion"
"So this means the people who have debt can see those that don’t. Am I sensing an easier target for muggings and such?","confusion"
"Did anybody else noticed the mom right at the end hand gesturing the boy annoyingly as if it had been his fault?!","confusion"
"ThE SkY iS FaLLiNg!","neutral"
"Emotional support [NAME]?","neutral"
"You know he humps the hell out of that thing right? Like probably right in [NAME] mouth!","curiosity"
"I’m sorry. If it was me- go straight to divorce and file. Why prolong the pain and abuse.","remorse"
"If you want to start a family, you can't just pass up 20k no matter how nice your current school is. ","approval"
"Not all comedy is for everyone. Check out some of their other stuff, though. They're overall hilarious.","amusement"
"I was inspired by your post to grab a thing of Greek yogurt with pineapple I've got in the fridge. Hell yeah.","joy"
"This is so sad. #playdespacito","sadness"
"Could you imagine the outrage if Canada rescued one of our citizens from the Saudi courts","curiosity"
"I GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS","optimism"
"Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!","surprise"
"People use condoms with their spouse? Are you guys an open relationship or what?","neutral"
"We aren't 4th anymore since our goal difference was just destroyed. He's not going to be sacked yet but losing to Huddersfield would be inexcusable","neutral"
"Right now you’ll be sober for at least 15 years! Good luck man","optimism"
"Great. Now some girl in Utah will appropriate it for her prom this year because she "appreciates" the culture.","admiration"
"PR is more than just "optics". It ain't a new term either. ","neutral"
"as a guy who has the ability to repair circuit boards, oh god oh fuck this is beyond cursed","anger"
"Facebook starter pack: Post Condescending disagreement with juvenile name-calling Repeat step 2 over and over and over and over agsin","disapproval"
"thanks for the warning :)","gratitude"
"[NAME] tattoos were specifically design to augment his physique. This guy looks like his little sister scribbled on him while he was asleep.","neutral"
"Glad it's not just me!","amusement"
"Yeah I've been finding it so hard to not eat everything in sight since Christmas. I'm still staying under my TDEE, but I feel nasty. ","annoyance"
"You "finally" realized this? This sounds like a journal entry from 2003.","realization"
"and then everyone clapped.","neutral"
"Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead","neutral"
"I do believe there is some evidence about that. Sowing chaos is an old Russian tactic.","approval"
"Im sorry my friends money should be out soon then ill release for all to see","approval"
"Most of the people on here don't really understand basketball. They are usually the people saying we should fire [NAME]","anger"
"It's both. Keep your eyes open and you'll see more..","approval"
"I know a guy who knows a guy who gets things.","neutral"
"I looked at several different websites - mine are not perfect. But I like them. Mostly referenced this website.","love"
"Those backpack leashes suddenly don't seem so bad","disapproval"
"The Dark Knight that didn't rise?? Home Alone.. forever?","realization"
"Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!","gratitude"
"Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.","caring"
"I'd be a lot more excited to see [NAME] flash the leather at 3b.","excitement"
"I'm at a fighting game tournament and loving every minute of it.","approval"
"Ironically it’s [NAME] and his family that are the whiny crybabies in this case based on your criteria","neutral"
"Awesome photo, love the bricks in the background and the color suits you chose. Very nice gents! ","admiration"
"Video games are great, but sometimes it’s nice to unplug and play a game of Jenga with your cat","admiration"
"Except [NAME] is worse","disgust"
"I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand","disappointment"
"Thanks for the response.","gratitude"
"My favourite food is anything I didn't have to cook myself.","neutral"
"This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.","admiration"
"Meh. Everyone's entitled to their opinions. I won't lose any sleep knowing they think my opinion is garbage. I am at peace with it.","approval"
"[NAME] doesn’t roll his ankle on a 🎾 in 2011 and we win a premiership imo","neutral"
"? I'm a dude so I was asking how often she feels like guys listen to her. Not sure what you're asking","neutral"
"yeah u can have them both!","approval"
"Ooh, I wanna be [NAME]!","desire"
"thanks... I've added both these to my growing animal multi-sub... =D","gratitude"
"I cannot be more clear myself: If you do not have a comparable situation, you do not have a valid point to be making","disapproval"
"I take it they don’t train high risk traffic stops in Arkansas?","confusion"
"If you’re trying to find more rationale for why you’re different, you’ll just continue being different ","neutral"
"Well gee, you keep electing the people who do it, so what are you complaining about?","curiosity"
"There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...","disgust"
"Um, I was agreeing the context was indeed *very* different. Not sure what you're getting at. ","approval"
"I agree with this","approval"
"If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound. ","optimism"
"Its very obvious to me he is still in love with her. He is definitely not in love with [NAME], the marriage will be a disaster.","approval"
"The old bear","excitement"
"We smart apes","admiration"
"Toxic feminism is ti blame","disapproval"
"me too. it's a way of keeping distance. feels too intimate to use someone's name.","embarrassment"
"The problem is that data shows graphics sell, gameplay doesn't. It really sucks though, I wish they gave us a toggle at least ","approval"
"Thats weak as fuck.","anger"
"Bro, this is not what this sub is for.","disapproval"
"The shading makes her face look like she has lumps under her skin.","disgust"
"Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.","approval"
"I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.","embarrassment"
"so painful to watch","sadness"
"both are bad tho anarchy ftw","disapproval"
"I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!","relief"
"Just report his comments let the mods take care of this misogynistic twit","neutral"
"Huh. So it really comes down to looking at her senate career vs her AG career.","disapproval"
"She might die before then, risky move either way.","neutral"
"What campaign? He is already president.","annoyance"
"Not an awful offer but I don't know if I see AD promising to resign long term in Dallas.","optimism"
"I confirm, my increased by around 20% every year for the last 3 years.","approval"
"Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.","optimism"
"Oh, haha Gladstone is a town in North Qld Australia as well... thanks Reddit","gratitude"
"It was a commercial. Do a lot of conservatives have this problem?","neutral"
"SHE BETTER NOT SNITCH ON HIM HE WAS JUST LOOKING OUT FOR HER","neutral"
"That head must hurt!","neutral"
"!RemindMe 10 hours","neutral"
"Surprise, [RELIGION] article says [RELIGION] is wrong. Also, we don't worship the same [NAME]. They added [NAME], who is not [NAME].","neutral"
"If high calorie food is so cheap, eat less of it and save even more money without getting fat.","caring"
"Poor kid. He just wanted to rescue his mum from a nefarious organisation. I hope he gets decent representation.","desire"
"There’s no wrong way to do an enema.","neutral"
"[NAME] would love [NAME]. [NAME] would hate [NAME].","love"
"Nah hes just setting an image.. Hes backed by ps to play this tourny...","approval"
"Can't tell if sarcasm, or an irrelevant statement, but thanks, first thing to see venturing into reddit at 00:15, actually nice :o","confusion"
"Not too picky? Aha, I tried that a few weeks back. Boom 50 matches. They're as desperate as us","desire"
"> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.","annoyance"
"Thanks, fixed it","gratitude"
"I came here to tell you that this wins this sub and I’ll never be able to finish reading it.","admiration"
"That's not even deconstructed. It's just unassembled.","neutral"
"How was the problem resolved??? Having the same issue????","neutral"
"Now that I've gone solar I'll never go back","anger"
"Why does everything have to be a debate?","curiosity"
"That’s great of you :)","admiration"
"is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested","curiosity"
"Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters","annoyance"
"Nah, rest is pretty cringe too","fear"
"Stunning considering you have the exact same opinion.","admiration"
"Obviously, as long as [NAME] commanded it then it's moral. Morality brought to you by stone age goat herders!","admiration"
"I just got the sarcasm of your post.","neutral"
"I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(","nervousness"
"my computer is a potato but im just curious how do i check for memory leaks on a mac? i lag on a lot of games","curiosity"
"Champaign’s a weird town in that aspect..","confusion"
"I just saw it on there... pretty cheap to be such a old item... starting bid on one was a $1","admiration"
"As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.","neutral"
"True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.","approval"
"Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.","neutral"
"I mean you can want a break from something and still enjoy it.","joy"
"You're right, I completely forgot the title","approval"
"Y’all are just jealous that this individual identifies as a fish hook. On a serious note though going through an airport tsa must be a nightmare","annoyance"
"lol i’m mean and i know it, it’s because i’m a pisces bitch 👅👅💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻","annoyance"
"And the super rich are still miserable","grief"
"Things should happen for a reason that serves a story, not because "wouldnt if be cool if ..."","approval"
"Much religion in science??","neutral"
"This should be everyone's wish.","caring"
"[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually","admiration"
"these are quite normal thoughts for depressed people","neutral"
"I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.","optimism"
"Yes, at home recuperating from a fractured ankle. ","annoyance"
"Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha","amusement"
"Happy cake day to you too!","excitement"
"[NAME]? Never heard that word before haha. Well her parents seem very easy going and happy people but lets see when i actually meet them.","neutral"
"*hugs my teddy bear and starts crying*","caring"
"I am trying they try to say I’m fake even though I’m trying it’s painful to talk to them sometimes","sadness"
"Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.","love"
"I could drive my fucking van through there!","annoyance"
"That’s a lazy argument. Racism can be defeated with good education and proper parenting but most people are too lazy to fight for it.","disappointment"
"When [NAME] dated the nurse just for drama with the STI....","neutral"
"I don’t know how to link but if you search within this page there was a whole thread on it","confusion"
"*laughs in Spartan*","neutral"
"Can I get this as a flair","confusion"
"Damn if we could beat the Spurs ~~reserves~~ that would be great","desire"
"That's true deep voices are sexy.","admiration"
"Ok nice opinion dude. Do you have any sources??","approval"
"Whatever it is, not enough.","neutral"
"Finally, I can sit on another person’s lap and have them not be disgusted","joy"
"Cough cough, r/gunners would likento buy you a drink for speaking the truth good sir. ","nervousness"
"What a legend. True spidey meme master","admiration"
"A royal with creme","neutral"
"Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD","amusement"
"At the discretion of NI, which is currently lacking any Assembly or proper representation. Good luck with that.","optimism"
"You summed it up perfectly. I can’t even say anything else because I have nothing else better to say.","approval"
"Downvote because prophet","disapproval"
"You're the whale and I'll be your tail","neutral"
"This is really well put. I saved it.","admiration"
"They NAILED [NAME]. That looks legit, dude! I might steal your idea, haha","neutral"
"Wow she’s getting a spud in the head the next time I see her!","joy"
"You have selected POWER DRIVE","admiration"
"How do you hire the former DA? That sounds super helpful...","admiration"
"I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol","amusement"
"Because they think the govt should provide all the jobs, they're crazy. ","amusement"
"I've tried the "peanut butter"...I almost vomited. NASTY! It went straight to the trash.","disgust"
"I’m happy for you two. Cheers!","gratitude"
"Just saying, don’t give up. Fight back. Do it for your patients ","caring"
"I believe it","approval"
"I found it interesting that [NAME] wasn’t addressed in FA or until the later rounds of the draft.","curiosity"
"What if he was deaf?","neutral"
"My thoughts exactly","neutral"
"Aww, what was your favorite thing you did with him while you were there?","admiration"
"Reminds me of my electric razor","neutral"
"That isn’t a prediction that is exactly how Crisis on infinite earths played out","disapproval"
"Upvoted because she follows [NAME]","approval"
"I want to be a sister ♥️ I have lots of nail polish I'll help!!","caring"
"Laugh now, while you can, and the robot overlords are weak and stupid. Tomorrow, though... take a deep breath... and wait.","optimism"
"I hieaa i just trip out how your lds and not know or here. Nevermo here a d hears when i was a kid","surprise"
"Happy birthday and I'm really glad I won't be feeling like you when you wake up tomorrow","joy"
"oh I relate. I’ve spent many a hour on that game (;; . _ .)","disappointment"
"Looks like he's tired of your dad-jokes. Lol","amusement"
"I do but I like my job. I just hate the fact I HAVE to go do it.","neutral"
"Ha, who cares about them supporters...the most important thing for society is that justice is served and the man jailed! Scream all you want. ","anger"
"And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.","annoyance"
"Starting?? BF4 is a lot of fun when you havent played in a while. Just faster and more immersive.","amusement"
"Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead","anger"
"AS AN ITALIAN MAFIA ONCE SAID "LOOK HOW THEY MASSACRED MY BOY" ","neutral"
"Look at a calendar. Look at the 14th. Look at the week that contains the 14th. That week, any of the days on that week. ","realization"
"She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.","love"
"I totally read that wrong and was about to shout COLBY 2012","realization"
"Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.","sadness"
"That is really valuable thank you. Supplying stats definitely will help my writing, so thank you for the feedback","approval"
"The importance of believing in [NAME] and see, and sticking with them, when you realize they're good things ","neutral"
"[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that","disgust"
"Deflections don't help your cause.","disapproval"
"This seems like something that would be hilarious as a parody","amusement"
"I kind of think if you spell dissuade diswayd you lose any benefit of the doubt.","neutral"
"They’re both in Austin..I don’t see [NAME] being someone to hang out with [NAME] more than the other way around.","neutral"
"The lesson is to not take 4 Ambien. That is just stupid.","annoyance"
"My point is, i will continue to drive the way you were thinking, weirdo.","neutral"
"They won VEGAS not the PRO LEAGUE QUALIFIER. Stop trying to bait me","annoyance"
"Wow wish I could take that. That is an absolute steal. Not a lock by any means but value alone is worth it","approval"
"I just looked for this sub so I could comment on how great he is.","admiration"
"Appreciate the love man!! It's a fun game!","gratitude"
"The spouse sponsors them to guarantee that they are not a burden to the state. Nothing about this is related to committing a crime.","approval"
"I have little to no anxiety and it really helps me when i have to take a test.","relief"
"I could upload this to YouTube if I wanted to. No problem. You couldn’t do anything.","realization"
"I’m curious, do any other coaches do this?","curiosity"
"Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again","embarrassment"
"You will never be safe as long as the CCP can imprison and torture you","neutral"
"Why would you doubt it dumbass?","annoyance"
"State of [NAME] trying to be funny and spelling ‘lose’ wrong","amusement"
"So. Much. *Effort.* I ca't believe a tree died for this sin.","surprise"
"i sense a cup hangover for the caps","annoyance"
"Ugly truth is, if you didnt want to be stopped you wouldnt tell anyone. It will pass. Stay strong :)","annoyance"
"It's because attractive people don't have to work on their personality usually","neutral"
"The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.","neutral"
"This just really motivated me. Thanks","gratitude"
"I'm puzzled","nervousness"
"If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?","annoyance"
"I don’t know where you live but in my area people don’t really care to have a good-faith conversation with an anarchist.","disappointment"
"Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today","neutral"
"Ironically it’s [NAME] and his family that are the whiny crybabies in this case based on your criteria","desire"
"What? I am aware it isn't permanent. The other legals aren't permanent either.","curiosity"
"Do hope you're going to let that poor, traumatised boyfriend know. Sounds like he's had more than enough abuse already","optimism"
"Aww... she'll probably come around eventually, I'm sure she was just jealous of [NAME]... I mean, what woman wouldn't be! lol ","amusement"
"Seeing how I was as a teen and how most teens are, nope! Dont want to deal with that.","annoyance"
"lmao i wish it was 10 am for us in south america","desire"
"I'm surprised she could operate a suitcase.","surprise"
"> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol","confusion"
"Oh yes! You're great.","admiration"
"Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too. ","admiration"
"He wasn’t hot to me but he has that attitude I find attractive af.","admiration"
"Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition","surprise"
"Was really hoping for something about free aim in this update. Can't see myself playing gun rush against auto aimers lol","amusement"
"This is doubtful...he just won with over 50 percent","confusion"
"DJ's mocks are always a little off pre combine/FA. I still really like his mocks, this one i just off to me though.","excitement"
"up shut fuck the","annoyance"
"[NAME] and others claim he was boxed in and had to call it. I think it was a mix of naivety, cockiness and flippancy. ","neutral"
"I don’t get it. Does r/sardonicast actually believe that BP is highly overrated?","disapproval"
"You and me both 8 years wasted on an ssshole narc I don't know any good advice really just wanted to offer my support stay strong.","anger"
"fake gamer girl didnt know [NAME] is already a rapper","neutral"
"i love them both but I still think you have to be a stupid cunt to think they live happily everafter together in the end.","annoyance"
"Go to rehab","caring"
"Yup! Was a great shoot, can't wait for the video to debut so people can enjoy all the hard work. ","admiration"
"No problem, good luck","optimism"
"I find it hard to say "no" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. ","approval"
"Scary stuff.","fear"
"So he “wants to be in Denver”. Hooray. Can we hire the best guy instead?","admiration"
"I thought everyone hated [NAME].","confusion"
"Because eye witnesses have always been proven to be credible. "Hands up, don't shoot"","admiration"
"People have made money off it. Belle Delphine was hit with a $60,000 fine recently","neutral"
"and op is NOT self deprecating","disapproval"
"Honestly Quadriga has been pretty decent, can't fault them for the bank struggle, that's just how the Canadian banks have been towards this space. ","admiration"
"No words, but a series of loud screams should explain this look fairly well","realization"
"Oh I found them 8D","confusion"
"You lost me at dogs.","neutral"
"" Alright Little orphan [NAME], it's time for you to start earning your keep around here!"","neutral"
"You just made me so happy.","joy"
"I have, Just i cant talk with them now, ill try to as fast as possible, thank you for your advice! ","desire"
"Luckily for the Daily Mail no one uses that browser.","amusement"
"I recently came upon the term "that slaps" in reference to delicious food, or simply an enjoyable experience. ","approval"
"I've never heard of this place. I know what we are doing next time we're up there!","optimism"
"*looks through comments* Who said it was going to be unbiased?","curiosity"
"Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down. ","gratitude"
"Wanted to see if someone *wood* eat it or not.","curiosity"
"no job security and your prospects for future employment are severely hurt","caring"
"That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol","amusement"
"[NAME] got moved cause hes a complete liability in the defensive end","neutral"
"Nope I'm good to go! My goal this year is to drop a packet for warrant officer.","disapproval"
"Let's not kid ourselves; most of us [NAME] are like that.","approval"
"Like women don’t have enough things to be judged on, now everyone is talking about our eyebrows..this is the most ridiculous trend to me. ","amusement"
"I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!","optimism"
"You still sit when you piss.","neutral"
"I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.","approval"
"Ah man, I’ve downvoted it now. OP you suck","annoyance"
"Oh look what you did! Now I have to go and get my cold cream gun.","neutral"
"These posts go in /r/DFWPets","neutral"
"The problem with starting off a political discussion like this is that noone's gonna take anything else you say after this seriously.","disappointment"
"I like it!","love"
"Yep...this sub blasted me for hating the casey hire and still refuses to admit his big faults","annoyance"
""Don't worry honey, I'm not drunk. ... Of course I'm not cheating on you!"","neutral"
"I remember a countdown for when the [NAME] twins turned 18 too. Thought it was pretty gross.","disgust"
"What fun is this?? I love it!","curiosity"
"Can’t wait to go to the Kings game. Especially if they bring this level of fire.","annoyance"
"Welcome to the subreddit!","joy"
"Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D","desire"
"Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo","amusement"
"My father actually works in McDonald’s headquarters and he said they were shocked when the video came out, they had no idea.","neutral"
"And here I am thinking that the animation after surrender/Victory is annoying ;-;","annoyance"
"That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care","neutral"
"Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit","admiration"
"oh man. it took me so long to figure out what you are saying. its literally [NAME]","annoyance"
"I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.","disapproval"
"Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.","gratitude"
"I find it really strange how people align themselves with or against a politician so strongly.","realization"
"That sucks! Your lady giblets are NONE of her damn business. Does your BF at least try to curb her mouth?","annoyance"
"Excellent idea, thank you!","gratitude"
"What did he say about [NAME]?","neutral"
"Meaning of life is to work 8h + a day and then convert your lifetime in coins you can spend on useless shit.","realization"
"I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.","annoyance"
"Are you hungry?","curiosity"
"Who had sent him threatening notes last week.","annoyance"
"Oh, I definitely got muted, too.","remorse"
"Can't clear anyone of something that never happen or that they never did.","disappointment"
"OH LAWD HE COMIN!","neutral"
"I'm about 5 weeks of NC after a 1 yr relationship. It gets better. Occupy and work on yourself.","neutral"
"I haven't been able to find my 9th in the recliner in 3 weeks... 10th time is the charm I guess","sadness"
"I remember winter of 2014 when we were like -20s wind-chills. Everyone was boiling water and throwing it in the air and watching it evaporate.","neutral"
"I can’t believe this blatant police brutality","surprise"
""12 inch"","neutral"
"When they tell me “oh my [NAME] you don’t look 22, you look 15” ","neutral"
"next time offer dude a hit of your weed, ive been waiting for that to happen to me","desire"
"Surely a ferry could be more cost effective and fun than that.","approval"
"People hate their everyday lives already. Let him do his 2-3 years and see for himself why it sucks.","caring"
"Ha at least you’re in on the joke.","joy"
"The dying empire.","disappointment"
"Educate yourself instead of defining yourself.","approval"
"This might actually be one of the few cases where parallel poly will make sense, then ^^","neutral"
"Can't find it. (I don't mean [NAME] "weewee weenie") looking for 90df savage group","neutral"
"Not sure, what organization? How deep are you certified for? Most shops are PADI, but you can cross over easily.","confusion"
"I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.","love"
"That's damn impressive","admiration"
"Everyone get your tea kettles ready to boil some water so that you can throw it into the cold air!","neutral"
"Yeah [NAME] has won worlds","admiration"
"I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.","disapproval"
"But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.","disapproval"
"Hah haha ha hah ha I am going to use this one now.","neutral"
"I want to die","anger"
"People like you is also why no players want to play and stay in Orlando","joy"
"It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.","admiration"
"Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.","disappointment"
"Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!","admiration"
"[NAME]. I still want her to come back to be a [NAME] ally and fight with [NAME].","neutral"
"Looks like you clipped my own games. It’s bad lately.","disappointment"
"> if i no longer lived in a nuclear armed/~~major power~~ a *somewhat important but nowhere near as important as they think* power FTFY","neutral"
"Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.","desire"
"I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.","love"
"Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day","amusement"
"Dude is hilarious","amusement"
"Gotten death threats and people compare me to flat earthers.","disappointment"
"Of course he’s doing it to get laughs, because when you dumb something down enough it appeals to more people.","neutral"
"I can never refold the paper properly so kudos just for that!","gratitude"
"I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!","love"
"Fact: Anyone who gives there money to someone looking like this deserves to lose it. Like, wow.","approval"
"A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work","approval"
"She did.","neutral"
"Man, I assumed it was already out and I'd missed it.","confusion"
"Erm... Maybe he wants you to use those toys... On him.","neutral"
"Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.","anger"
"pretty fukkin sure lmao, its over fam, doing another trumpdown would kill the gop so they wont let him do it","amusement"
"You do you, man. ","neutral"
"This maybe my favorite thing I've ever seen on this subreddit. I took a screenshot and I'm sending it to husband. OP thanks for the laugh","gratitude"
"I read "Driscoll" as as "Discoroll" and assumed this was in NC.","realization"
"We were by far the better team - [NAME] had no chance on any of the goals. Bad mistakes by [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]","neutral"
"Looks like you took a bath in manure.","curiosity"
"Saying "don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics" isn't intolerance.","annoyance"
"I think you have to predict and dodge almost before the throw, same as [NAME] teleport kick.","approval"
"I was pregnant!","realization"
"That would be against my own morals to do that. But there’s an island off the coast of India that would be delighted to do that😂","excitement"
"Hope your surgery goes well and a quick recovery!","neutral"
"Then he is innocent. I'd rather have a president that we know for sure isnt undermining our democracy by conspiring with a foreign nation.","neutral"
"I'm sure the cleaning bill he caused isn't even remotely offset by the flights he's purchased.","annoyance"
"Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.","admiration"
"It's full of what?!","curiosity"
"Her face looks like a damn frog to me - and the way she has one eye closed; an evil one eyed frog!","annoyance"
"It's the infection trying to fight back against the antibiotics.","neutral"
"Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!","annoyance"
"Sorry. Was hard to understand for me as well.","gratitude"
"You look awesome in this picture","admiration"
"And sing the beat !","excitement"
"I feel personally attacked by this salad","annoyance"
"Whoa am I reading this right? The lowest cost is $3.66 now? and not $2.66?","neutral"
"Mini sun because rain pouring on you constantly will ruin everything around you like electronics","annoyance"
"My aim in battlefornt 2 is pretty good = navy seal, elite unit","excitement"
"What if gets in your belly button? And doesn't it trickle down the side?","curiosity"
"So THIS is the Bad Place!","disgust"
"Boy what an accomplishment, so proud!","pride"
"Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.","embarrassment"
"Wow if ur mom didn’t come back for her card you were a goner crazy","excitement"
"[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans","fear"
"Reports of a small fire or a transformer that blew. Nothing that I’ve seen has confirmed either though.","approval"
"I don't even remember what I was thinking.","confusion"
"They also oftentimes are not friendly environments for women and queer folk in my experience","neutral"
"Why did no one check [NAME] for her comments though?","confusion"
"Hahha i agree but i still want him to say sorry.","approval"
"No way society should pay for your child when you are perfectly capable.","annoyance"
"[NAME] [NAME]","neutral"
"Ahh didn’t know that. Thanks!","gratitude"
"The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.","disappointment"
"For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.","love"
"Lol well if you see an awkward looking girl in a white car following at a safe distance, just know that’s little ole anxious me!","excitement"
"That's interesting, considering that the other area is Mt. Tremblant, which is a real area of Quèbec.","realization"
"You’re in Iceland, a particularly craggy rock would be pretty interesting to you. ","excitement"
"got a screenshot of the interaction!","neutral"
"We really need to sign a new CB now with [NAME] out injured. [NAME] isn't good enough yet.","disapproval"
"I'm sorry that happened to you. You planned a awesome day that I wouldve loved celebrating with you. Happy Birthday","admiration"
"I got a [NAME] vibe earlier, but I see this","surprise"
"Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?","anger"
"Ahhh, the ol' Samsung Special. ","neutral"
"Just report his comments let the mods take care of this misogynistic twit","disapproval"
"Lol I need details!?","amusement"
"They're a match made in heaven!","excitement"
"[NAME] AND [NAME] ENMESHED IN FISHY SEX SCANDAL!","neutral"
""Feed the wars and fuck the poors" is pretty much their policy.","disgust"
"You sound like my brother. I only have one tip. Calm the fuck down. You cant think when youre upset","annoyance"
"Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.","neutral"
"That’s awesome!","admiration"
"E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?","curiosity"
"I mean I don't think he's gonna come out and call [NAME] a bitch even if he feels that way","disapproval"
"Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...","amusement"
"[NAME] says hello! We’re at version 2.0 now!","neutral"
"Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.","neutral"
"Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.","disapproval"
"You may be harder on yourself than necessary. Keep praying and confessing your sins. No one is perfect","caring"
"I’m convinced WB is more of a pain than it’s worth. Good luck making adjustments during the semester. I feel your pain.","optimism"
"I understand doing more coke if you’re addicted to it but when you mix it with hiv you are officially mentally deranged (crazy)","neutral"
"r/funny shouldn't be as popular as it is. Lots of unfunny stuff there.","disapproval"
"Stanley's in Tyler","neutral"
"Aww a homophone on top of everything else. No wonder you carry a gun. You’re a coward who’s afraid of the world.","joy"
"This is great advice. The minions here will automatically down vote due to username.","approval"
"WHOSE READY TO PLAY A WILD CARD GAME AT THE TROP","neutral"
"I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.","amusement"
"Oh my gosh, my Dodger blue heart goes out to yours and your family. I am so sorry.","remorse"
"Everybody poops.","neutral"
"I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache","caring"
"Exactly my point, he was tearing up the U23's but hasnt been able to push on with the first team chances he was given.","annoyance"
"Girls super-like?","confusion"
"> As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?","annoyance"
"Great for domestic workers.","admiration"
"So cute!!!!!!!!!!","amusement"
"You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.","annoyance"
"That’s strange logic that it triggered you.. they will use any retarded attempt to hoover you he probably hoped you would notice and get triggered by it.","neutral"
"They have no confidence at all, the mark of someone insecure is shouting out loud how secure they are.","disappointment"
"Hey, I’ve learnt something here today, so thanks! ","gratitude"
"It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.","gratitude"
"Wow you found the answer, wish you were on top, will link to you in my post","excitement"
"Then income is the right criteria for equality initiatives. That's the logical conclusion we should arrive at from my and your statement","approval"
"There are no reasons to visit [NAME]. They're lawsuit-happy corporate scum.","neutral"
"alright, make it!","approval"
"I didn’t know it was that serious 😪","realization"
"That needs a standalone cooler to plug into just to operate effectively lol","amusement"
"Thanks for recording a video message with AntiRivet like 3 years ago for me. Hope everything is going well.","gratitude"
"Please list them and sources as well. Thanks.","gratitude"
"I never knew how, but I often get in situation where I find myself with 2 tops on me (and mostly not on dating sites)","annoyance"
"Are those potatoes on the bottom right...?","confusion"
"Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.","admiration"
"Dilly dilly!","neutral"
"When he puts it in too fast and you don't have time to let your walls expands, this is exactly how it feels... ","realization"
"I didn't know this was a "reveal" he'd been talking about for awhile. ","neutral"
"Well sure his one appearance in relief lost us a game, but at least he didn’t get hurt. ","relief"
"I think it says lanef instead of loner","confusion"
"Im sure you’ll love it","optimism"
"gotta love the random spidey head to the left on the third shelf","love"
"I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.","gratitude"
"that cursed millionaires color and logo","neutral"
"I apologize for doubting you.","disappointment"
"Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.","neutral"
"Come on, be nice to our resident libertarian to alt right pipeline example","admiration"
"Arizona in the summer is fine. Arizona in the winter when all the blue hair snowbirds come is absolutely horrifying.","approval"
"My girlfriend ordered Chipotle. Have fun with that 15 mile drive bud.","neutral"
"I don’t think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!","admiration"
"Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).","remorse"
"The only [NAME] reference that never gets old to me os 'i just saw Manila girl'","neutral"
"I am! And I have no idea! Lol sorry. I have some of my own and I couldn't even name them to you.","amusement"
"This is simple but great.","gratitude"
"Why did we have [NAME] that one year shoot against Draymond. I dunno because its entertainment and story lines.","confusion"
"I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them. ","neutral"
"THIS MADE ME CRY","sadness"
"He looks pretty fresh in most everything. Yes homo.","admiration"
"My favorite is they didn't have time to eat healthy. Wut.","neutral"
"except for the implication that white colonialism saved the native population from barbarism","neutral"
"Don’t tempt me. Maybe do like a photoshoot.. that might work..","approval"
"I’m laughing more that I feel I should st this but I just lost my leg so...","amusement"
"Idk why you got downvoted but heres an upvote","confusion"
"That was the initial spin. They said the Covington kids were harassing the four young black men that were discussing the bible and oppression.","neutral"
"He keeps saying this in my playthrough when that's definitely NOT what I'm doing. I just suck at hunting!!","neutral"
"I never understood the part where he dives into a pile of money, even as a child. It seems wildly painful.","curiosity"
"oh thank you! im relatively new-ish and did not know that","gratitude"
"I'm not a health threat. I'm vaccinated and have no children. Thanks again for your uninformed analysis.","anger"
"His army of Swedish blondes are going to be upset.","disappointment"
"The pain for the victims just goes on and on. He was outrageously vile to the end as he continued his efforts to flip the narrative.","realization"
"If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!","desire"
"Kinda feels like /r/WtSSTaDaMiT","neutral"
"Seeing this kind of vulnerability makes me appreciate her music.","amusement"
"Of course, us first borns gotta stick together. ❤️","approval"
"“Legal” and “real” are different words.","neutral"
"For a second i thought you were talking about dubai expo 2020 lol stupid me","amusement"
"Bless you.","caring"
"Oh boy you’re in for a treat. Make sure you visit Austin if you move","joy"
"Chill man, I didn’t see anything concerning [NAME] on here before that’s all.","annoyance"
"As far as I know you can only get one RI in a day.","neutral"
"OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW","anger"
"That's a very smart move. Anyway, congrats gamer girl, this is epic!","admiration"
"Sounds like she wanted it done regardless of doctor","neutral"
"When did you apply for this? The new AFI was published Oct of 2018. Have you already PCSed from Korea?","curiosity"
"I love the “I’m sleeping” and then the realization","love"
"I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?","excitement"
"Get out now. She's playing mental games with you. Play nice but plan your exit. Ask me how I know.","caring"
"Star Wars Episode IX: We’re Sorry Please Come Back We Fixed It","caring"
"I've actually taken this opportunity to get back into making YouTube videos.","realization"
"Yep. There are some good things hidden in amongst the bad. It would be disingenuous to claim otherwise.","disappointment"
"One of the best hats I own is a freebie from a Dallas Stars game. Not a Stars fan but shit it’s comfortable and fits well.","neutral"
"Do I need a reason other than: he hands out $100.00 bills to would-be voters?","confusion"
"Interesting. I’m wondering if nutritional therapy might help her.","surprise"
"Okay just thought it would be a good idea.","optimism"
"I said I'm curious to see how many women would do it.","curiosity"
"Sometimes life actually hands you lemons. We're just lucky that we have a proverbial phrase that gives us an idea of what we can do with them.","approval"
"Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now","disappointment"
"Hell yeah it did!","pride"
"I see your point as well. I wasn’t the one complaining. I was supporting the one everyone was going after","neutral"
"I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:","love"
"Are you in enough of a hurry to get in anyway? (Morbid humor, sorry. That’s really horrific.)","confusion"
"I AM COMPARING THE TITLES YOU OVERGROWN CABBAGE","annoyance"
"Right? Most days I wish I had really small ones so guys would look at ME instead of look at my body.","neutral"
"Boy what an accomplishment, so proud!","pride"
"my mom.. she noticed the house oddly quiet started frantically looking around. found me in the neighbors hot tub thing having a nice soak.","annoyance"
"Got it. Sorry you feel that way man. I hope you find your own way to impact the game or enjoy it next year.","optimism"
"their just mad because i love olicity and i think it's the best ship in the whole arrowverse. oh and because i think laurel is trash.","love"
"Yup. I don't want to soil the paper unless I have something very interesting to write about.","approval"
"Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.","neutral"
"I love Florida","admiration"
"Ah I see, thanks for the insight","gratitude"
"No joke. Physics or chemistry I can see but comp 101? I’m surprised he has the ability to find the internet","curiosity"
"That game was great. THOT, be gone...","admiration"
"Noooo... Went and saved all the webpages as PDFs, though it's not a perfect solution.","disapproval"
"[NAME]. The third generation [RELIGION] stripper!! Hell yes I watcg 90DF!!!!","neutral"
"I've probably put a couple hundred miles on my space saver tire. It's still on there right now.","neutral"
"Wait but [NAME] did make the game without listening to these morons","neutral"
"So, a kid?","neutral"
"I could change [NAME], she need me in her life","neutral"
"The 5 days got an audible "[NAME]" out of me. That's terrifying. ","fear"
"Teach her the importance of standing up for herself and being a strong person","approval"
"“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.","remorse"
"I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.","caring"
"Don't focus on getting your phone back, work things out with your mom","neutral"
"Thanks bud!","gratitude"
"I read a news piece 10-15 years ago about how much garbage China dumps at sea. The numbers were staggering back then.","neutral"
"This movie, though simple but effective, shows how it is being jammed in your face is because it was just one police officer, chill.","admiration"
"Calm down.","caring"
"Yo creep, please get help!","caring"
"So in 1 year she goes from nothing to a [NAME] master capable of training others?","neutral"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
">[NAME] Why? I'm curious what you're thinking.","curiosity"
"**SHOW SOME CRYING FANS YOU COWARDS**","neutral"
"It's not your fault....","approval"
"I’d give this comment a gold if I could!! Yes, as a husband here, there’s no better reward!","neutral"
"It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.","neutral"
"They're hoping that him being found guilty was the news item that mattered, and they can let him off easy now that the attention has died down.","neutral"
"Furries Knot good if you feel me ayyyy","neutral"
"Thanks, I guess? Haha","amusement"
"anarchist, bad branding word, many people like freedom but "anarchy" is associated with lawless chaotic bomb throwing","realization"
"Sad really. Are they really that threatened by people speaking a language? We all speak English everyday, not like we do for sectarian reasons.","curiosity"
"There is no 'H' in [NAME]. Source: |","neutral"
"Isn't it the same thing? Or at least equally bad?","confusion"
"BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.","approval"
"that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.","anger"
"I brought it back up they are with amway and LTD","neutral"
"They scammed you by wasting your time","realization"
"I feel the same on [NAME]. She's trying too hard to be hard-hitting etc. Thought she was poor on Thursday.","neutral"
"Sorry misunderstood you! I’m talking about viruses and bacteria that can kill you like the flu etc","embarrassment"
"So he watches a movie documenting how a band became mainstream and complains about them being mainstream. O-k","neutral"
"That’s no ordinary rabbit!","neutral"
"It's also surprising that Valve released a dud game. Maybe it's time for Valve to grow up and introduce themselves to the digital communication age?","surprise"
"Funny. My wife is currently trying to grow shrimp by feeding the algae to them. She has some optimistic results!","amusement"
"If they keep the registration costs the same, one less plate to make adds up. ","neutral"
"Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!","love"
"Aye but happy cake day mate.","excitement"
"??? Like a duck on a June bug?","curiosity"
"oh god this is the worst","disgust"
"Must've been some damn good fries...","amusement"
"Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!","love"
"It is certainly interesting.....but is it anything?.....","curiosity"
"[NAME] got that vision","neutral"
"Everyone knows the good [NAME] are the dirty little devil's","admiration"
"Debating whether this is a troll or gross overshare. Going to go with troll since you just also made a new account","neutral"
"I like your baby😍","love"
"Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;)","amusement"
"damn, i always get in on these too late","anger"
"I meant u not I","disapproval"
"Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday","confusion"
"YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER","anger"
"I bet you this will lead to a new Revolution. [NAME] keeps on screwing himself.","disappointment"
"Thank you .. I wish I was religious.. I admire religion... My mind just doesn't want to believe..","desire"
"Nit bad for a flip phone! That a T-Mobile circa 2008?","neutral"
"There are courts. You need to document all this and let the judge give him a tongue lashing. Not that that would make a difference...","neutral"
"Go lie somewhere else. Go to Faux News or something. They,ll believe you.","anger"
"She has no idea.","neutral"
"Oh that's actually really interesting. So IQ of the general population would be a bell curve by definition?","curiosity"
"I have a lot of fun on pre-CU servers, but I like to grind and I love the Star Wars universe","amusement"
"Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!","anger"
"I took it for a year. Had that problem before, during and after. May be coincidental timing for it to start being noticeable. ","nervousness"
"No, you're supposed to get angry and yell that you're right when someone corrects you","disapproval"
"Yes. The Brasileiro is a notoriously difficult league, and Corinthians aren't even considered to be a rich club.","annoyance"
"You're a turd","annoyance"
"No, but when you're family sees, like, 12 books of it, it can certainly make things awkward.","neutral"
"That the [NAME] is [NAME] actual father?","confusion"
"i’m kind of overdunked actually","embarrassment"
"These are the same people who thought liking hot sauce was a major scandal","neutral"
"[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.","optimism"
"CHONK. WANT. FLUFFY.","neutral"
"Hahah is that what we call them here? Breeders? I'm not trying to be condescending that's just hilarious.","amusement"
"Let him be happy with this thought! Karma would break his ego sooner or later !","neutral"
"WHEN IS SOON YEEZUS KRIST","neutral"
"I went to the pharmacy to get vaccinated (sign said for free) and they turned me down for not having health insurance... so","relief"
"Arguing a player is the GOAT among every position is just a dumb argument to even begin with when it comes to football.","anger"
"I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.","admiration"
"Insurance and healthcare have the same attitude. Keep people alive as long as possible, but keep the people dependent on the system.","approval"
"You actually seem like an abusive alt yourself.","neutral"
"Someone shits on the floor and you'll say nothing?","neutral"
"when has one of those systems succeeded?","confusion"
"Hi Disappointed, I’m Dad!","neutral"
"My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!","love"
"What does an endorsement really do though? Does it seem like a publicity stunt?","neutral"
"They are both owned by the same parent company and they probably wanted to get their money's worth since Taco Bell isn't really prevelant in EU","realization"
"Ha, that would be a novel experience. He'd better let me deal with it.","approval"
"I used to love watching that show.","approval"
"Pretty sure the plate is completely visible in the article...","realization"
"~~love is love~~","neutral"
"Duct tape your eyes and you won't have to see anything ever again!","neutral"
"Exactly. It's rediculous","approval"
"My dog is less uglier than this.","annoyance"
"I had to give up college 2 times because of that. Now im doing kinda better, at least i can go to classes and talk to people.","neutral"
"The Mavs would probably have to give up some picks as well","neutral"
"Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.","neutral"
"Oh that poor man and children. I'm glad he was armed, may have saved his life. ","gratitude"
"Well if we just started in the second quarter in both games...we would have come out ahead!","optimism"
">Rise of Agon Literally the worst fucking game that man kind has ever managed to accomplish and you call him a carebear? Fuck out of here.","annoyance"
"oh i don’t want to bother anyone with my pathetic problems","neutral"
"women just don't take initiative just give her one more opportunity after all as you said she flaked for legit shit","caring"
"Oh no here come the fanboys and girls, dude... RUUUNNN","surprise"
"The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.","neutral"
"WOW THATS SO INTERESTING It happens to me so often that when I hear a new word I anticipate it but it all makes sense now","admiration"
"I'm not sure about bigger, but according to Google search algorithm, definitely as relevant.","confusion"
"Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs. ","nervousness"
"I like to think it rhymes with wasabi but I have no idea","confusion"
"Not to mention the small electronic machines that we all carry around in our pockets. It'll be interesting to see how this impacts online casinos that accept cryptocurrency.","excitement"
"Especially in TDM naive players should just stick to one of the good players and try not to die.","desire"
"Because it's too late and you're hungry 😅","neutral"
"You’re welcome! It’ll absolutely be worth it. And it’ll be fun! :D","caring"
"Saw thundamentals live. happy that this song got in top 30","joy"
"Well, I'm pretty sure I don't act like that, but aight.","disapproval"
"This is the proper timing","neutral"
"Why is it not?","neutral"
"DELETE THAT SCREEN SHOT! NOW!!!","anger"
"A-fucking-men! :)","anger"
"Yes, I will GI A+B6 LH more often, it's really good. Thank you for the tip!","admiration"
"Wishing that sweet boy a super quick procedure and an even faster recovery. I’ll keep you guys in my thoughts.","caring"
"I so remember that!","realization"
"I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬","disapproval"
"Really sucks that he's not going to retire a Sounder.","anger"
"Well who knows Germany was way ahead of its time","neutral"
"ye but that is fucking [NAME]... there is a diffrence between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is good but he is no [NAME] ;)","disapproval"
"I love PnR","love"
"Interesting...🤔","desire"
"I'm still not not going if I've got somewhere else to not go.","disapproval"
"That baby needs a smacking","neutral"
"Once I dropped mine on my foot, so I grounded him to a fudd range for a weekend It was tough for both of us","neutral"
"Double sheilds is excellent 3800 and below. Prob is, teammates dont use them","admiration"
"" [NAME] has come down with a terrible sickness which caused him to deactivate his twitter account" Jeez sicknesses these days get worse and worse. ","annoyance"
"On a college campus surrounded by undergrads. I feel old.","disgust"
"This is why I’m afraid to fly.","fear"
"Good luck dude, it probably won’t be as bad as you think ","disapproval"
"Comments aren't the only thing here that's disabled.","neutral"
"Was that a thing? Please tell me this was not a thing.","disappointment"
"Find some good rats bro, and just run thru them man. I mean just plow thru them and get your sex game up. ","approval"
"I had the volume so loud and it came out of nowhere. It felt like those meme videos with the morning.","confusion"
"Most non immigrants won't do farm work for peanuts either","neutral"
"Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.","joy"
"Oh... I read that the fedora made her sweaty... I can't imagine head wear making someone moist. But hey, there's something for everyone.","neutral"
"I'm getting worried","nervousness"
"> It's ironic. CTH is econ-left, not SJ-left Tell it to the ones brigading other groups.","neutral"
">How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]","curiosity"
"Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.","disapproval"
"Are you being stupid again?","curiosity"
"We have laws against all that. Get the police to do take action.","neutral"
"that's fair. problem was that some of these responses make a fairly incorrect generalization.","approval"
"I think I will try to push through, I guess I can always drop a class or two if it’s too much and even take a break ","neutral"
""Sign our petition to make Qwandor the dragon a male! There are already enough girl characters. We don't need a third!"","neutral"
"My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.","amusement"
"The ND vs Georgia game in Athens will be a good one.","approval"
"i don';t know about that, it's probably aliens.","confusion"
"Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉","excitement"
"Sooner or later you're both going to have to make some choices about your priorities.","caring"
"[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!","annoyance"
"I want to thank whoever lied to her and said those contacts were a good idea","gratitude"
"At least you didn't open with, "I was always a big [NAME] supporter..." 99% of those go downhill fast.","neutral"
"I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY HANDS","confusion"
"[NAME] gets called for some of the softest fouls bro","neutral"
"If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.","love"
"> Government is not entitled to deny contracts because of free speech. Literally yes they are lmfao.","neutral"
"Real fact, Elephants see us as cute in the same way we see dogs and cats as cute.","admiration"
"Need age to help, as "pretty sure shes interested" normally means shes either being nice OR just likes the attention abit while at work.","approval"
"Go and feel it so your body can let it go.","neutral"
"Athletes in the making. Can't wait to see them playing professionally.","admiration"
"You cant post that without proof","neutral"
"Still no contest","neutral"
"[NAME]. I still want her to come back to be a [NAME] ally and fight with [NAME].","neutral"
"+1 the only way","neutral"
"The best terror","neutral"
"generally they go for a few thousand","neutral"
"[NAME] damn you're toxic asf","amusement"
"omg you got me, what do i do now, pls help","confusion"
"The funny thing is [NAME] would probably be up for it. Let's do it! LoL sAiNtS","amusement"
"I love this, my wife told me about something she read on reddit yesterday and I was like.... well just like ol [NAME] here!!!","amusement"
"I know I was doing a thing.","neutral"
"I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.","optimism"
"Honestly? I dont know. My parents told me that itd be seen as suspicious","confusion"
"What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao","amusement"
"I don't see sedimentation layers, but that could just be the picture quality. I'm going to guess this is likely just a chunk of granite.","neutral"
"TRMZs new video showed this really well. I can't wait for persistence to be ironed out so we start seeing these types of bases all over","caring"
"Oof this hits home","admiration"
"That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.","excitement"
"This guy died on the inside lol","amusement"
"This was insane. I knew [NAME] was legit when he swung at a pitch while being intentionally walked and almost hit it out.","surprise"
"Better than the posted joke! thanks!","gratitude"
"My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:","neutral"
"I was tripping balls my first time.","embarrassment"
"His Batman/TMNT book is a really fun read with great art.","admiration"
"In my experience its always [NAME]' Mine","neutral"
"is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested","neutral"
"Yeah totally not trapped by belt and road /s","neutral"
"I'M A FIVE STAR MAN!!! *as [NAME] clicks one star over and over","neutral"
"Jokes are even more terrible lately","disgust"
"I really like this play on words.","neutral"
"Do you have anything special you say to yourself to help facilitate that? I think I might need a snappy mantra to remind myself to chill out.","curiosity"
"I want to call bs on this after smelling my boyfriend's. Have to leave the room whenever he lets one out...","annoyance"
"I'll put it into context. I love DBZ. I hated Battle of the Gods + Resurrection of Freeza. I *fucking adore* Super Broly.","love"
"There are good reasons but you potatos just brush it all off with "hurr life is bad cause bad things happen sometimes"","annoyance"
"Small group of friends either outside or at home listening to good music would be ideal for me. Maybe even one sober person to drive our high asses around","approval"
"I completely despise bixby with the intensity of the sun.","neutral"
"Well, I hope everything is going well in your retirement. Do your best to enjoy it :).","optimism"
"People: Hey! Me: WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!","neutral"
"BUT THE HAMBERDERS","neutral"
"Mozzarella sticks!","neutral"
"Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...","admiration"
"SF makes a little more but it evens out with Seattle once you figure in CA state income tax and SF cost of living. #savedyouaclick","disapproval"
"Same here! And I go to Century College. Just started second semester. 38 yr old washed up Mover. 4.0 first semester.","neutral"
"Let your work speak for itself IMO.","approval"
"Good for you, maybe some day you'll come to an understanding of each other but familiarity breeds contempt.","admiration"
"So I can’t do anything about it now?","curiosity"
"r/succulents is one of my fav subs and I thought this was from there scrollin' through.","neutral"
"where'd ya get 'em?","neutral"
"That’s a bold move, [NAME]. Let’s see if it pays off. ","neutral"
"[NAME], that uniform. At least the Nazi [NAME] had decent fashion sense. This is a crime against fashion","optimism"
"People in distressed states, get very disturbed by loud bangs, it really hard to keep them calm, it has a knock on effect for days. ","realization"
"Shh don't spoil it for us","anger"
"Weird how this shouldn’t be SFW, but it is","neutral"
"lol me too. _"Go on in you scraggly old bastard!"_","anger"
"With [NAME] ongoing back problems...I'll pass on seeing this lol","neutral"
"I know a guy who is 25 (same age as me) and has FOUR. I would hate my life so much.","annoyance"
"I get Botox for migraine and my eyebrows don’t do this ... she looks like she is on drugs .","annoyance"
"I love happy endings.","love"
"This is heartbreaking. She always meant well, and really wanted to see people get along. She deserved happiness.","caring"
"No. It’s creepy.","disapproval"
"That was glorious.","admiration"
"Found looking through this, she seems a little bit gross :D","disgust"
"It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.","disapproval"
"Are you claiming that the entire biology and geology communities have been lying for centuries?","curiosity"
"They should just give us the cup now and save everyone some time","approval"
"I found that after particularly bad games I feel the “need” to smoke more weed, like a cigarette after a carcrash IMO","love"
"They definitely didn't do [NAME] mode justice with Carrier Assault. Lots of small differences that added up to feel completely at odds with the original.","disapproval"
"The FBI wants you to stop asking questions 🛑 ✋","desire"
"I live in So-Cal near the beach, im over it. Its weird planning vacations to go other places when you live in a vacation spot.","disappointment"
"Seek help.","caring"
"Wow thanks. Could have sworn the Score app was showing 3pm when I checked it two days ago.","approval"
"I’ll untwist my knickers when you quit applying some arsehole opinion science on someone else’s mental health condition, deal?","neutral"
"Dude who knows u cant tell what a chemical is based on taste","neutral"
"Good [NAME]. That's quality cringe.","annoyance"
"The majority is not relevant: it was advisory. I agree a second vote is needed to kill the [NAME] trope.","approval"
"No femshaming, guys.","disapproval"
"I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one","admiration"
"Bengals are a quirky breed 😸","surprise"
"Thats me, I'm lolicon ¦>","neutral"
"Welcome to the family! Don't let toxic fans, especially Twitter, get the best of you. Let's go canes!","approval"
"This isn't a meme its a cry for help","disapproval"
"And once NYC is finally underwater, ALBANY SHALL RISE!!! MORE COAL FOR THE FIRE JETHRO, OUR DESTINY AWAITS!!!","love"
"There are 1.1K comments right now so I apologize if it’s been said but... government/politics should have noting to do with running the economy","remorse"
"Didn’t the chinook end? How are her legs not freezing off?!","excitement"
"Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)","amusement"
"I love how defeatist we've all become.","love"
"Damn he told u that huh. What’s he think about the [NAME] being back","neutral"
"Fund this man. Even if it doesn’t pan out it’s worth finding out.","neutral"
"this is the type of high level discussion I come to this sub for!","neutral"
"You should braid your pubic hair just to really piss him off","anger"
"Or you have msdn","curiosity"
"I don't think WI is lean red, after 2018 I'd argue for it being either tossup or lean blue.","disapproval"
"I’m not an Aub man. Check the flair.","disapproval"
"Wasn't the Oroville Dam collapse triggered (at least partially) by an overflow?","curiosity"
"I don’t think there’s enough to make a canon implementation of Cyvasse but it looks like there are some fan-made ones.","confusion"
"So sorry you are hurting.","remorse"
"First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out...","neutral"
"Great sign! We’ll get them next year!!","admiration"
"Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.","approval"
"You poor, hideous creature. ","disgust"
"Oh what a feeling, [NAME]!","neutral"
"Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.","optimism"
"because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste","love"
"We should move our business to India. I’d rather see us work with a flawed democracy than an outright police state.","neutral"
"Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].","admiration"
"Yup. Btw, not Swedish, just experimenting with languages lmao","amusement"
"Fat dad=fat kid","neutral"
"Niemi locked in holy fuck.","surprise"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are the only reason to tune in at this point. Happy birthday!","admiration"
"Wow. I just read the synopsis, and that’s really what happens. ","approval"
"He probably slipped a knot...","approval"
"Damn. Your bed must stink","disgust"
"Deadlift and 3-lift total 100% raw federation","neutral"
"Well that Praying Mantis had some balls. Just imagine this tiny little dude said a prayer and then jumped right in to fight this giant.","neutral"
"Thank you! :)","gratitude"
"This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out ","disappointment"
"Totally hamberders the President, thank you","annoyance"
"I agree with everything you said, except the Witten part he is [NAME] awful....that whole MNF crew makes it unwatchable.","approval"
"Oh for fuck sake. Things were going so well on the coaching front. This dude is nothing but a suck up","admiration"
"Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway","gratitude"
"Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around. ","disgust"
"when all I want to do is relax and chill and all she does is bounce off the wall yapping their mouth too much.","neutral"
"I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol","neutral"
"Ah, thanks. ","gratitude"
"I meant I wouldn't bring up wanting it to be vanilla and changing terms.","disapproval"
"What a warrior [NAME], good job being tough. That’s a flagrant!","admiration"
"Are you [NAME]? Haha Kidding but shouldn’t feel that way, you tried it and now try to look for something that will keep you going. ","amusement"
"I love truck drivers!!","love"
"This has been a bizarre day of coaching decisions","disappointment"
"I am just attracted to mouthy Jersey girls, what can I say? I am a masochist.","approval"
"Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.","amusement"
"podcasts also can help a lot to distract yourself (･ω<)☆","neutral"
"Not really. Lots of young adults are living with parents because renting/leasing or even applying for mortgage is way more expensive than it used to be.","neutral"
"The Wall requires taking land at gunpoint, explain how that isn't tyranny","neutral"
"SHE is a MA’AM. and yes very","neutral"
"I agree. She seemed to truly love [NAME] . [NAME] loves the life [NAME] provides fir him. It’s a sad situation.","love"
"muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!","sadness"
"Gg my life.","neutral"
"Seattle's train is nice... once you get there. It is an absolute hike from the terminal","approval"
"Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.","admiration"
"The part that shocks me is that they allowed him to wear shorts in regular class.","surprise"
"No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺","disapproval"
"This is his website","neutral"
"Pb, filth!","annoyance"
"Your description fits the type of SB I prefer. I don't see short hair as a negative.","approval"
"I like how the title contradicts the subreddit it’s posted on.","admiration"
"I went to a different one just outside Beijing and they said they had to turn off their panels because old people were falling or having heart attacks :O","neutral"
"I now know what taking acid would feel like","neutral"
"Wow! You are lucky to have survived!","excitement"
"Easy money, thank you [NAME]","gratitude"
"Not all of them, but this guy happens to be in a team called Moustache Mountain.","neutral"
"I believe it's free","approval"
"Nice. Me too. I'm 2002. You?","joy"
"... [NAME] derangement syndrome sufferer spotted. What drivel you crazy lunatics say... The lies and falsehoods along with the out of place fearmongering is getting really annoying...","annoyance"
"Well that is perfect for going pew pew online, do you use the fixed lte or the rain sim only deal? ","neutral"
"> What plans should I use to hide the scent of a decaying body? Can you bottle up his farts? Seriously.","confusion"
"this reminds me of the time when [NAME] bought Bofo lol","amusement"
"No way a tattooed ex-con with a drug/drinking problem might turn abusive!","disapproval"
"[NAME] is so damn good","admiration"
"I think its absolutely wonderful : )","admiration"
"That’s exactly how my fanfiction goes","neutral"
"Lynwood gets shady AF after dark.","neutral"
"This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.","approval"
"I just realized people in apartments are essentially screwed, that is too bad man, hopefully you'll get that going soon! It's worth it!","curiosity"
"It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something","grief"
"We thought he was getting better but then he turned himself around.","disappointment"
"The beautiful moment when Fridays and Sundays are your set days off and you have the PTO to cover Saturday 👍🏻","admiration"
"I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.","confusion"
"It's cool to see more organised stoners too haha","amusement"
"Damn. That’s profound. Did you graduate from Harvard?","curiosity"
"This is the same woman who fought tooth and nail to have wrongful convictions upheld while she was a prosecutor; she craves tyranny.","anger"
"This!!! This!!! Is the definition of a choosy beggar. You give a hand and they want your arm.","neutral"
"It's beautiful. I would eat it with gusto. Do something more shitty in the future","admiration"
"What type of migraine do you think it is? Hope you get better soon","curiosity"
"[NAME]","neutral"
"She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.","approval"
"Okay, how?","neutral"
"I guess I'm confused why beliefs are not voluntary. The link talks about conclusions based on that but doesn't seem to address the premise.","curiosity"
"Getting back [NAME] would be nice. He's kind of like [NAME]","neutral"
"Yes I agree","approval"
"I came here to upvote the first throwback [NAME] comment. Wasn’t disappointed.","disappointment"
"Pretty sure it's a rubber toy made to look like one","disapproval"
"I'm about to start my weekend. Don't mind if I do go contribute to the thread. Thank you, OP.","gratitude"
"Ugh. Just legalize it already so this silliness can be put to an end.","neutral"
"More importantly the car shouldn’t have run him over but yeah I guess you’re right.","approval"
"I want to say I'm shocked. I'm not. Disgusted, but not shocked.","disgust"
"That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.","anger"
"I will try that! I have never really tried balancing exercises but will give that a try too! Thank you.","curiosity"
"If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.","neutral"
"The game will come out for the switch this year. Was wondering how they would manage the combat system. Now I know.","admiration"
"An interesting video, though the title's lack of an Oxford comma is bothering me.","excitement"
"Oh [NAME]!","excitement"
"His smile and optimism: gone.","optimism"
"That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. ","love"
"Oh Lord hearing the puking!","excitement"
"Because it would be beneficial to her cause if he were. [NAME] scapegoat mechanism in action.","neutral"
"I’m from Oklahoma City. Not a small city, but a few of his patients are from there.","neutral"
"Oh definitely!","neutral"
"you arent a real 90's kid if you were born after 1999","disapproval"
"that made me cry tears of sadness and joy at the same time.","joy"
"The only objectives elements I read is : industrial farming/industrially farmed. The rest is only self-godism.","pride"
"Bye, dude.","neutral"
"Where in the timeline does ESO take place? If there be dragons, is this around Skyrim or in the distant past?","neutral"
"Well, could be worse. It could be India.","neutral"
"Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check ","caring"
"who doesn’t know what an Ethernet port looks like lmao","amusement"
"I’m broke as shit and already do that.","disappointment"
"No kidding, one way or another they'll get much better this year.","optimism"
"Having watched Sunderland Till I Die it makes me desperate for some sort of insight into the way Arsenal operate behind the scenes.","neutral"
"Not really, in my mind it was continuous cringe that I was always curious about","curiosity"
"Been spot on so far.","neutral"
"It's none of your business. Stay out of it.","anger"
"Firm, but gentle. Baby hamsters or live goldfish. Soft female hands caressing my balls is a wonderful feeling. ","admiration"
"BOOP! Go Stars!","excitement"
"Sorry. But I think I DO have a right to an opinion broseph...","remorse"
"What makes you say that?","annoyance"
"My man!","neutral"
"This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.","annoyance"
"This is the type of response I give people that are toxic in Rocket League. They're just fake and cowards lol","neutral"
"It’s not only the US. The system of so called „liberal democracy” was designed to be the rule of capital.","approval"
"has nothing to do, was removed. Please keep reporting posts like these.","neutral"
"Makes me glad I'm almost 50, and all this is stuff I will never ever experience, and frankly can hardly fathom.","gratitude"
"But he seemed really enthusiastic! And he was wearing really expensive boots!","excitement"
"Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3","approval"
"Oh sure, that makes it much easier to pay your bills with no money. The money will just come at some point in the future! ","approval"
"Is she hot tho","neutral"
"Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.","admiration"
"What's it matter?!?!","curiosity"
"I did the same thing in school. Thank [NAME] for the library. Are you anxious about how your brother and sister would react to that?","fear"
"I'm assuming she knew that they knew were trying to steal but [NAME]","neutral"
"Damned asshole trouble maker!! Someone has mummy issues. 👀","annoyance"
"Aww that makes me happy!","joy"
"You think this really happened?","neutral"
"AND THEY ARE REALLY ANNOYING WE MADE FIRST CONTACT 30 YEARS AGO AND THEY'RE STILL SENDING US TERRIBLE MINION MEMES","fear"
"But it seems like im only meeting pros but im silver 6","approval"
"Maybe she was having a bad day. But then again at least say hi.","neutral"
"Clever!!!","admiration"
"I shook a hand that shook his hand once","realization"
"lol that’s what I was gonna say.","amusement"
"This is beautifully written.","admiration"
"I know, all the comments have me cracking up.","embarrassment"
"This kind of package probably wouldn't even get us Parayko","disapproval"
"My poor space bar takes an awful bashing with all the pausing in a Squidge vid","disgust"
"The puppy is actually suggesting that the use of laptop to be repulsive. ^^^^PCMR4Lyfe","neutral"
"So happy for you! Keep dancing, dancing is freedom!! Something we feel we will never have again. ","joy"
"yeah, it's basically Hillsong with sugary shakes pretending to be food. ","approval"
"Seriously, I’ve been catching and loving this one since it first came out.","approval"
"You did the right thing. You’re not ready to settle down so you stopped wasting her time.","approval"
"CNC is just the safe way to play out a rape fetish","approval"
"the good ol days","love"
"WHAT!?","neutral"
"Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.","optimism"
"Lol people still watch CBS?","amusement"
"He didn't know to place them","neutral"
"That face screams "Fucking gods, do I have to do *everything* around here?"","anger"
"Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.","disappointment"
"Long hair for guys should happen more, it looks cool *and feels nice too*","admiration"
"Good for you","caring"
"Sad but true.","realization"
"“[NAME], I tried to make ramen in the coffee pot and I broke everything” - [NAME]","remorse"
"[NAME] tipped 1000 Donuts for this comment!","neutral"
"Too much work to unsubscribe. And what happens when the timeskip ends and the new season starts?","neutral"
"Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.","disappointment"
"Also would like to point out to you that fighter is actually a synonym of soldier.","neutral"
"I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe","love"
"Willing to get with someone manipulative and knowing this just to get some ass. Seen that a lot.","realization"
"One more thing don't try to like eavesdrop or anything just kinda bring it up organically","neutral"
"Good night, sweet prince. I hope it was a quick one.","gratitude"
"My friends thought I was asexual","amusement"
"i mean it can if its a meritocracy and an uncorrupted government. Whereas in modern America theres a shit ton of nepotism and a corrupt state/federal government","disapproval"
"can’t be fake. the woman in the background is reacting to his cool trick /s","neutral"
"I’ve been to two locations and the burgers are SO GOOD!!","admiration"
"Thanks cool sub","gratitude"
"Immigration is what keeps Canada alive, immigrants bring in money, work, entrepreneurship and raw number of people. Canada's growth rate by itself is not sustainable","neutral"
"if only we could blast this type of stuff out there for everyone to hear, then we might just get get those neo libs to the realization.","disapproval"
"I am a ethnic [NAME] and demand that normies get out! REEEEEE","neutral"
"Uhhhh... didn’t y’all just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.","annoyance"
"A good everyday dua would be including me in your prayers","optimism"
"Yeah but it is what it is. Apparently I wasnt as clear as I could have been either.","confusion"
"Feel you pain. Stay strong","neutral"
"Memes that were made 2 or more years ago don’t count. They were probably funny back then, just not now.","amusement"
"Almost forgot to check if it’s dead. Edit : NOPE!","neutral"
"You’re a vile vile person and a rapist. I hope the police are onto you.","anger"
"It's also not worth the costs because most of the time people are being petty don't actually have a claim to make.","annoyance"
"Same here but it seems like that will make it more rewarding to actually build a base with gardens and stuff.","approval"
"I was actually introduced to hbomb and breadtube in general Becuase of [NAME] vid on ds2. So thanks [NAME]?","neutral"
"Thanks a bunch!","gratitude"
"I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.","neutral"
"Masha'Allah that he performed this, yet I disagree in it being the most beautiful. ","admiration"
"What does that even mean? How does one decide right or wrong with something so vague?","anger"
"I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~","approval"
"I believe that this may be meant for the person above me, for I have moved into the realm of monetized bananas. ","approval"
"Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.","annoyance"
"I got mine at 21. The ex wife would have had me snore instead of wear it for years.","sadness"
"Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life","annoyance"
"This definitely was what I was thinking too. With the things that go on nowadays, I wouldnt be suprised!","curiosity"
"I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.","anger"
"Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.","gratitude"
"I think this is one of my favorite Aquaria looks ever!!!","admiration"
"Looks great but am I the only one who can't hear anything?","admiration"
"And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.","admiration"
"Got a nice hairdoodoo","approval"
"I think that was itch.io. GOG apparently doesn't even allow 18+ games on their platform.","neutral"
"I hate you for that title. Thanks a lot. /s Right as I’m about to go to sleep too.","gratitude"
"shits awesome!","surprise"
"This idea is brilliant.","admiration"
"I love you guys but....."existence"","caring"
"She does't even go here","neutral"
"I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha","realization"
"I believe that this may be meant for the person above me, for I have moved into the realm of monetized bananas. ","realization"
"Give a listen to Gramatik, he is amazing","admiration"
"Alllllllllmooooooooost got ittttttttt.","neutral"
"Now look what you've done.","anger"
"Very good (and depressing) point haha","annoyance"
"Not to be the joke of the entire league","neutral"
"Always and I appreciate your opinion good sir","admiration"
"What will you gain from it","curiosity"
"Right. Lol Then they try to gaslight the audience. As if we cant pause and rewind.","amusement"
"Nicknames like that get me all hot and bothered.","annoyance"
"Obviously excluding shotguns..","neutral"
"I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)","disapproval"
"You can do it! live the dream!","caring"
"And there I was blaming the poor black lads","disappointment"
"Yeah it’s not like I want my cat to lick me in a sexual way that’s just weird.","optimism"
">Good morning.","neutral"
"I fucking love ten min power hour xD","admiration"
"That must have bean awesome to find those","admiration"
"Situation in chess where it is better not to move or you will end up in a worse position is called Zugzwang.","disappointment"
"It would be nice if he was at least a spirit. They have plenty more obscure anime characters as spirits already you know?","neutral"
"I just HAD to tell at her parents and pass on my misinformation! 🙄","optimism"
"Thank I may just try to find halal store and buy snacks that are popular . I heard even marshmallow may not comply.","gratitude"
"I can say when I was 16 I never did anything even remotely as hateful as what these kids did. It's really easy.","admiration"
"Lol oooops!","amusement"
"Favorite: Hardhomme! That epic stare down at the end! Least favorite: No One. Completely ridiculous and unbeleivable","excitement"
"A 12 million sub channel has value. Wouldn't be surprised if it's been hollowed out ready to be sold and rebranded.","neutral"
"Theres no clonazolam in that bottle that vendor sends bunk shit. Im considering suing that vendor for scamming me","annoyance"
"Well I mean OP said this was a year ago, I meant that they could STILL press charges.","annoyance"
"CURRY MY MAN","neutral"
"It's common knowledge that offering to feed yourselves to wolves makes them leave you alone out of boredom.","neutral"
"Good luck buddy!","gratitude"
"My son brings *homework* from kindergarten. I feel betrayed.","annoyance"
"Maybe so , i just dont know about him, team has enough turmoil they just dont need any more distractions","disapproval"
"Turns out they weren't wrong about [NAME] either","realization"
"The summer of love, hippie, anarchy communism thing kind of fell apart here: ","neutral"
"All that matters is how you use those four inches, really ","neutral"
"I wish I could be desensitized to my sadness sometimes lol","sadness"
"This is amazing","admiration"
"Glad to have you here :)","joy"
"YES. Thanks man. Now I can feel less weird about my 20-year long passive aggressive rivalry with my sister. That means a lot.","gratitude"
"Tbh I've never found the porn ads arousing, I've usually found them annoying, stupid, really clickbaity, or hilariously cheesy","annoyance"
"haha! She is so creepy at times. What a great actress.","amusement"
"Gahs that’s so sweet","love"
"You can do it, I believe in you! ","optimism"
"Is this the best that you could come up with?","neutral"
"I’m sure mueller was stumped on this until he hopped on reddit and saw this sound advice","neutral"
"Step one is done! Now just to get rid of the rest of the incompetence here.","neutral"
"I don't think you can really go wrong with any of them, but I would suggest to watch him against South Carolina this year.","optimism"
"Clapping ~~for~~ at me. FTFY","neutral"
"As far as I know, it's still bugged, so just reroll it","neutral"
"Thank you! It has its perks, but sometimes I do think to myself that I’m not where I belong haha","amusement"
"Now let's just hope session also becomes season.","optimism"
"*Redditor for less than 30 days* New troll account, eh?","confusion"
"[NAME]: I-I *love* what you’ve done with these poles.. [NAME]: *sniff* *sniff*","neutral"
"[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.","neutral"
"I can help out, pm me :)","caring"
"Stupid science bitch","anger"
"that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.","admiration"
"I blurred the names of the others it's about [NAME] being [NAME] 😂","annoyance"
"I'm not a miner. I'm not a service but I run a full node for experimentation and learning. Do I help or hurt decentralization?","curiosity"
"If they are going to do this why not just have individual bathrooms with locks on the doors.","confusion"
"Shithousery of the likes I've never quite witnessed. What a way to end the winter break.","disappointment"
"He actually looks pretty crackin'","anger"
"To be fair, expecting sex twice a day, every day is a little ridiculous.","annoyance"
"It'll be the first game of the day!","neutral"
"/r/nocontextpics is the truegaming of pics","admiration"
"I just want the 24 best players...no more weird guidelines to keep deserving guys out","approval"
"I am extremely excited to read this.","excitement"
"Hey I said that to my grammar once","neutral"
"Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.","neutral"
"The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.","neutral"
"I've never seen anything this applied to more than that photo.","disapproval"
"I’m not saying they are I’m just mentioning where this rumor seems to be coming from","realization"
"Where's your helmet?! Gotta love helmets.","love"
"I'd prefer her as an actual character","desire"
"Watching LEC is such a snooze fest... the casters are awful, the interviewer has awful flow, the players have no personality...","neutral"
"Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on","excitement"
"r/braincels is that way bud","neutral"
"[NAME] was damn near 293 hoopin? Im dyin.","annoyance"
"In 5 days bones would not be crusted over,sorry not buying it.","sadness"
"That's even worse honestly","annoyance"
"It's an interesting case study in scams","excitement"
"Fatal accident on the 101 this","neutral"
"So You're going to become India... Because immigrants... Dude... If you got nothing just say so.","annoyance"
"I barely recognize a picture of current day Pearl Harbor.","neutral"
"Thank you :)","gratitude"
"lol, you dieded","amusement"
"Honest question that's all.","curiosity"
"You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.","approval"
"Thank you very much, I'm glad you found it easy to follow!","gratitude"
"Might get hate for this but I'm reeeeaaaaaally not a fan of [NAME]. I don't know why, but I just don't LIKE her","disapproval"
"Why should OP be the only one making effort to work on a relationship with the mom?","curiosity"
"I'm autistic and I'd appreciate if you remove that comment. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Yeah there's a lot of innately absurd conclusions this guy's drawing here","annoyance"
"I hope she lives to be 200, just to piss them off.","anger"
"She’s so cute!","admiration"
"Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.","desire"
"Wow this was awful. What kind of audience do these morons have? I mean no one with the money to buy that junk would watch these fools","anger"
"Search the subreddit for "team history." We get this question time to time and there's already a bunch of info there.","approval"
"Yea the conversation went as expected and now I'm looking for a new job. Thanks to all for the help","gratitude"
"I wish someone would just run [NAME] or [NAME] open ice, it would be worth the penalty ","desire"
"Eh, I think that i'd rather jerk off tbh..","annoyance"
"And it’s only 100 degrees with 90% humidity.","fear"
"Fun fact: [NAME] had the upper hand because he had a sling shot, ye olde wordy equivalent of a gun.","neutral"
"Not sure why [NAME] didn't foul to stop the fast break there","neutral"
"I’m surprised it was uploaded today, especially since he uploaded a video just a few hours ago","surprise"
"Technically, going 1 forward and five backwards is still a 4 step backward defecit so they are not moving forward ","disapproval"
"was the same with me for a couple of years before puberty.. i was frequently mistaken for an adult woman..","approval"
"I’m sorry to inform you, it’s worse. ","disappointment"
"No way society should pay for your child when you are perfectly capable.","approval"
"You sound like someone who has never banged a BPD girl.","neutral"
"Those are some interesting stats. I’m gonna save your answer so I can remember them for later discussions. Thanks for that.","gratitude"
"I mean I just screenshotted this out of my news feed.","neutral"
"I need to shower after reading this","relief"
"Thanks, I love it ","gratitude"
"It's how the government treats them.","neutral"
"My biggest pet peeve is blown saves.","excitement"
"Drunk [NAME] sounds like something I want to see","excitement"
"Chinese is awesome. Best of luck to your endeavors and med school. Hope to see you in r/Universityofhouston in the future ;)","admiration"
"I guess some people havent met meth","confusion"
"I've found that carrying 21 chromosome's is the sweet spot","realization"
"Holy moly. She's terrible. You dodged a bullet honestly","neutral"
"I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART","sadness"
"I'm glad it helps, best of luck on your journey. You've gone 7 days clean, keep doing what makes you clean for 84 more!","gratitude"
"I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can. ","pride"
"This guy looks like an extreme feminist with a man’s face","love"
"Oh I just hate her character. Personally her kit is super fun. But I don't like her character at all","anger"
"This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.","neutral"
"I am truly sorry for you because that "song" is so awful","disgust"
"Alright. Why is it possible for us to make fun of the almighty [NAME]?","curiosity"
"A Reddit couple! That's good to hear, hope yous stay safe :)","approval"
"I know right! I was mad and then blamed myself cause he’s scared of thunder and there was a storm while I was gone.","annoyance"
"OMG, my two favorite franchises and the two best girls!!","admiration"
"Hell yeah. Happy they pulled it off together for their city. This is a great story in [NAME] eventual great career","admiration"
"Or just, y'know, just don't eat meat.","neutral"
"TIL cheddar cheese didn't originate in the U.S. Thank you!","gratitude"
"hey of course, I’m glad I could shine some light. Stay strong mate ","pride"
"Oh it is, it's just that you know that thing...about the intel","neutral"
"YOU WIN!","excitement"
"What’s the motive for doing this? To save on fuel by transporting as many people as possible in one go?","confusion"
"Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.","annoyance"
"One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.","curiosity"
"... I don't feel like your comment is from an objective point of view... Thanks though.","gratitude"
"Hahaha, that's true for all their series.","amusement"
"I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)","joy"
"He does kinda suck IMO Doesn’t mean Venezuela should be coup’d by the US","neutral"
"Damn, 14 year olds in 2019 are bigger shits than I was when I was 14.","disgust"
"This kid is blatantly trolling and everyone is taking him seriously LMAO. You people should quit Salem your scum reading skills are horrible","annoyance"
"Good thing there’s someone sensible in the Whitehouse.","neutral"
"I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe","sadness"
"Think there's a very good chance [NAME] gets hurt and we see [NAME] at SS and [NAME] at 2B every day.","neutral"
"Sports, not even once","neutral"
"Yes, he did. ","approval"
"Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.","embarrassment"
"So... the company basically shifted the HGC budget into severance packages for executives?","neutral"
"Had no idea, they refused this type of deal in the past with other companies.","surprise"
"Mine is 2.5 and trying to drop her last nap. She needs it so desperately though. It is HELLLLLL dealing with this.","anger"
"It is a very common verbal tic among tri-state Italian-American women of that generation and older. It takes me back to my old babysitter so vividly.","joy"
"When they hire him","neutral"
""I will not return to those wretched mines!"","anger"
"Aaahhh u got a spanking. Lol","amusement"
"Like, [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Glad things came out alright for you...","caring"
"Another trendy communist that doesn't know what communism is.","disapproval"
"I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.","optimism"
"He had a dark haired mother and white-blonde haired dad. He's got his mom's looks. That's it.","approval"
"Thank you for your advice!","gratitude"
"I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.","love"
"This must have been the fastest reply I've ever gotten omg","neutral"
"It's a reference to an old tweet [NAME] sent about [NAME] when he was still in Congress ahah.","neutral"
"This is true, but For THIS situation, it's time to take notes on the situation and do better on the next one. She deserves better.","optimism"
"This is the shitposting I love","love"
"I made friend with one of these scammers. After speaking to me he quit his job at that company. We still speak regularly over whatapp and facetime!","caring"
"[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.","disgust"
"That’s what I suspected. Will be interesting to see if they can steal some wins against the top teams in the league.","approval"
"It's sad, but yes, zero. ","neutral"
"Thanks. I’m not ok with the behavior I’m.just having a difficult time accepting what I must do.","gratitude"
"This isn't really petty, it's actually brutal. *edit* but well done. I love it!","love"
"I hope that's real lol","amusement"
"I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)","approval"
"I'm more worried about it randomly saying daddy across the top ... Like that's normal","embarrassment"
"Hallmark movies are the worst culprits.","disgust"
"Yeah that seems better if you know you are facing ToT","neutral"
"One of the best hats I own is a freebie from a Dallas Stars game. Not a Stars fan but shit it’s comfortable and fits well.","admiration"
"And yet [NAME] can't even get a pub gig, homeboy was born the wrong colour","annoyance"
"lol instead of getting blocked he deleted his account and called us all soulless and depraved.","amusement"
"This is why you always get a prenup. You never know if, during your marriage, you might become the wealthiest person in the world.","neutral"
"I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah","anger"
"Because he only won it begrudgingly last year. No one likes watching him play. [NAME] will win it unless [NAME] scores 40+ points like every game.","disgust"
"If we draft another late round QB this year I’ll probably have an aneurysm","optimism"
"I never said anything about that lmao","neutral"
"I’m always weirded out whenever I see him without a beard because in my game I got the longest beard I could","confusion"
"I think we can all agree that [NAME] sucks","approval"
"Before you get too excited remember the human Officer is there to help his doggy partner.","optimism"
"When I went on a first date I only took like 2 bite of my food. Felt pretty bad","disappointment"
"I meant people who are attacking AOC over this dance video. Apologies for the misunderstanding, and I appreciate the lengthy reply.","gratitude"
"Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol","sadness"
"Looks like a hover hand for a few frames.","neutral"
"Or maybe it was because the government can't collect the tax on it","disappointment"
"is there anything scientists not working on?","confusion"
"Glad to hear this. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Wow, the Wizards are horrible ","disgust"
"I read through this whole chain and your patience is absolutely commendable. Good on you for explaining it in such a level fashion to someone so willfully ignorant,","admiration"
"Roll survival check! Ooh, a nat 1, sorry kid","amusement"
"Everyone’s gotta face the music some day brother","neutral"
"where you going /u/Nerdinater ? if ya dont mind me asking","neutral"
"Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.","desire"
"For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win","desire"
"Wait, what do you mean by NOT tanking? Is that legal?","confusion"
"I went there once and was like “yeah neat I guess” around the same time. Totally forgot about it until I saw the pic of the door","approval"
"The real [NAME] is always in the comments. Thank you internet stranger","gratitude"
"I only buy Venus razors, in solidarity with women everywhere. Why should I get to make more *and* spend less on razors?","annoyance"
"Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.","realization"
"Oh, I would refuse to do anything really nasty, with profanity or violence.","disapproval"
"I feel you. Most look generic af. I've seen some absolutely stunning ones though. Like [NAME]. She's a 10/10 IMO.","admiration"
"You look like a bear.... An ugly cartoon bear","disappointment"
"great meme chief, but an NSFW marking would be nice b/c of the swastika","approval"
"Ive never been happier and wouldnt want to live any other way","disappointment"
"that was the part that got to me first. ouchie.","approval"
"...starts Jan 1. "Published Jan 2" Way to hit that breaking news.","neutral"
"Please try again; even [NAME] would make for a better ending.","optimism"
"I think that happens equally with people that are or aren't interested, it's like a reflex to move on.","approval"
"I’m cool with anything that pisses off someone as disingenuous as you.","annoyance"
"Wait a second what? The asshat found the story? Can someone teach me how to use the way back machine so i can read this?","neutral"
"No but I've been totally been meaning to I fricking love [NAME]!","disapproval"
"[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.","realization"
"Good to hear that! I’ve seen many ppl trashing [NAME] customer service so I was kinda worried","fear"
"So what's so funny about what you just said?","annoyance"
"Women are dangerous as hell too.","anger"
"Love this. I thought I replied this morning, but I’m definitely taking your ideas and going to try them! Best of luck","admiration"
""therapy>no therapy" very debatable, my friend.","disapproval"
"Yeah I tried it the best was just 100% scale.","optimism"
"This is a solid list, and I will totally allow Scream to count. Surprised to see 10 Things below She's All That tho.","annoyance"
"RemindMe! 1 Day","neutral"
"Hopes we all get so sick of his messages we'll vote for him to outlaw them. Courageous strategy Mr [NAME]","desire"
"Sad but true","sadness"
"What? That's a classic " did you like it" parent move.","admiration"
"I haven't listened to new music since 2006.","realization"
"60% im super ded","neutral"
"Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here","amusement"
"Let’s actually go","neutral"
"oh thats rather weak then. kmt thought they would know better. its a reactable headbutt.","disapproval"
"None of it will happen Just wait for them to yank it away","neutral"
"Sorry man, it's not gonna happen. The music needs to be remastered for vinyl specifically and that's more than your budget.","disappointment"
"Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.","anger"
"Isn't that the point though? That's it's up to the people that aren't scientist to decide if the science has any meaning?","neutral"
"I flew off the handle and that's my bad.","anger"
"But in an even lower res","neutral"
"After I got rammed into by 2 planes on the 1st zone's storm edge in dusty, I couldn't agree more.","approval"
"This is so amazing 😍","admiration"
"38k. Between 2 cars. Bought a new X5 and lowered his overall payment. Was tickled to death","annoyance"
"It’s fake","approval"
"There are 5 lines, am I crazy?","annoyance"
"Seconded. 8 years and I never reached the final castle.","disappointment"
"I don’t. I love humanity. Why are you afraid of democracy?","admiration"
"This is beautiful","admiration"
"Mauston and Monticello were the beginning and end of my hope","disappointment"
"Ahh change.org, where change goes to...do nothing","annoyance"
"Is that for hazmat? And thanks bro👊","curiosity"
"Ah the good old fake dossier they admitted to fabricating Quality “comedy”","approval"
"I considered that they might be doing that, actually...but I googled it and it didn’t seem to be true.","neutral"
"Amazing, my friend 🙏 ","admiration"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"If she is hot and has nice shoes..."I like your shoes." ","admiration"
"I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)","excitement"
"Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.","neutral"
"But we're just trying to diffuse the tension and teach them about peace!","neutral"
"Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected","anger"
"Just be good and you won’t lose, ez","caring"
"You should see the absurd number of "gays for [NAME]" we have in my country, it's astounding","neutral"
"I love how their comparing [NAME] one shtick (not including highlighter) to the comedy skills of queens with actual performance talents.","love"
"Hahah, nope! Also from Michigan. Michigan, give me my 40* weather back.","amusement"
"Oh hell no. Shes blind!!! No way in HELL is she ever being left alone with it.","disapproval"
"Is it just me or is the print WAY off kilter?","confusion"
"oh look at you /s","annoyance"
"My grandchild used to be a baby, and now he is no longer a baby. Thanks, xBox!","gratitude"
"I'm suprised I didn't see more of these. Thanks for the support :)","gratitude"
"Nah, life is too short to drive boring car colors. ","neutral"
"Either is ok","neutral"
"Option B for sure. But with more roundabouts plz.","nervousness"
"That facial hair....guy just finished playing red dead redemption 2 probably","neutral"
"Love the use of ginormous ... so true","approval"
"Make a doctor's appointment and say you are experiencing lack of sleep because of anxiety. Doesn't get easier.","sadness"
"Damn I played that game almost daily for over 2 years. I loved domination mode. RIP...","grief"
"Finally someone who appreciates human life","approval"
"But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!","anger"
"I don't disagree with anything there.","disapproval"
"Well you know, helping out the less fortunate is basically a slippery slope to authoritarian commulism /s","disapproval"
"Never would have thought about that","surprise"
"plz no foul trouble","neutral"
"INTJ here, I agree with this ^^^ (Him)","neutral"
"I would vote no to a United Ireland because the Republic doesn't have a free health service and no free prescriptions","disapproval"
"Best way to ship an item that is roughly 120" x 8" x 8" and weighs 45 lbs? Thank you!!","gratitude"
"Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.","caring"
"As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.","admiration"
"I can finally play 'Kabhi kabhi aaditi'. Only hindi song I listen to.","approval"
"Thanks... and thanks again for the balance check. Hope your situation moves where you need it to.","gratitude"
"That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up","admiration"
"I would no longer be antinatalist, but I would still be childfree.","neutral"
"the whole thing, it was just hard to describe/express given how it all happened and everything. ","confusion"
"Pretty much. The key difference is that bunnies thump.","approval"
"What state and what size of city? Im curious if it's inner city of small town","curiosity"
"And I’m not going to wait for League Play cause these clowns at Treyarch think seeker drones and razor wire are competitive.","neutral"
"I know he lives in Texas and I have his phone number and things like his name and age but nothing else really.","approval"
"I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(","optimism"
"We're well past the demoralization phase. You're 20 years too late. The left has morphed into something unrecognizable now :(","disappointment"
"**WAIT THAT WAS A REAL STORY!?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK**","annoyance"
"I LOVE [NAME]. I truly do. I will be happy to vote for her, but pointing out clear differences is not negative.","joy"
">You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.","disapproval"
"I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....","remorse"
"is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested","fear"
"a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever","amusement"
"I feel like I'm watching a scene in an action movie but with penguins","surprise"
"I wish to join you on the search, as a source of motivation and friendship (sorry if that kinds led you on)","caring"
"I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft","approval"
"All those things are definitely your fault. She is much better off without you.","approval"
"[NAME] my friend and if he has new friends I’m ok with that.","approval"
"You’ll see why it’s a trap once you see the bill.","neutral"
"Everyone is homo... homosapien","approval"
"Ah, fair enough.","approval"
"Everything on this sub is touchy usually no? Hah no worries, just offering my other perspective","approval"
"We have a lot of people flying in and out of the country. No change to the usual lines, so not bad at all.","approval"
"Until that plant dies because you just shocked the hell out of its root system.","annoyance"
"The new live-action movie looks great!","admiration"
"I think the OP is looking at a GC and not Cherokee. I see no way that’s gonna lease for $300.","neutral"
"I mean I like the park and I was surprised by that poll too","admiration"
"This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.","love"
"Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!","relief"
"Women aren't smart enough to see an intellectual kino du art like [NAME] multiple times","disapproval"
"Oh, I realized that moments after rolling down my window, when his hand came through the space. ","realization"
"Id buy those shoes and walk in the dirtiest places just to piss [NAME] off.","annoyance"
"He should have become an Uber driver","approval"
"The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful","sadness"
"I guess you’ve become something of an icon","neutral"
"He wrote a pretty good piece right after his breakup with [NAME], this may be the same outcome","neutral"
"Time to fill our roster with Schiano Men!","approval"
"I feel like [NAME] will have a great bounce back game tonight","optimism"
"No it's actually a land form just off the toes of the giant!","neutral"
"Think they fly in tonight or tomorrow?","neutral"
"Modernity bullies [NAME] lmao he cries.","neutral"
"You can replace the ram / SSD now on the new Razer blade 15 but ya razer sucks.","approval"
"Marriage takes 2 to be successful. Love him enough to let him go.","neutral"
"that's a proud dad","pride"
">This weird exploding ice [NAME] I haven't seen before? Wow. I... that's some ick right there.","admiration"
"Hey, remember when [NAME] said furries are all catfuckers? Glad he's changed since then.","realization"
"Great album! 👊","admiration"
"See, the problem is that you're not attractive enough. Pretty people like him don't have mental issues.","amusement"
"This guy is bigger than [NAME], maybe. But I've never heard of him.","neutral"
"I feel like this is from Shitpostbot 5000","neutral"
"Considering most people voted for their candidate purely out of hate for the other candidate does that even matter?","admiration"
"Big shout out to [NAME]!","neutral"
"Holy shit that SSP was beautiful","admiration"
"so cute","admiration"
"cool vid! but","admiration"
"That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up","surprise"
"Sounds like he wants to strongly pretend he's not paying for sex.","neutral"
"Mi Patio Mexican restaurant on 7th ave and Osborne. Their chimi is amazing.","admiration"
"She's obviously off her meds...!","surprise"
"yeah it really looks like your reading comprehension is the facepalm here from just the screenshot you’ve provided.","approval"
"To add, from what I hear he is actually a stand up guy and not at all the douche that the tweet/comments are about.","neutral"
"That was a very well put together video, entertaining and informative. [NAME] is a national treasure.","pride"
"at least you’re getting hit on","neutral"
"This seems like something that would be hilarious as a parody","curiosity"
"My fur son was the first I came out to. Most important also","neutral"
"Lmao seriously this is stupid. HEY GUYS DO YOU GUYS AS INTJS NEED TO DRINK WATER? NOT ME","neutral"
"Congrats, darling! That is a monumentally meaningful accomplishment. I'm both happy for and proud of you <3","excitement"
"But.. but... but... my kneejerk feefees! He, um, offended, and my rights, and RACIST!","neutral"
"No no no no no no no Op you’re a brave one.","pride"
"THANK YOU [NAME]","gratitude"
"As one of the greatest Presidents of our time, who stared down globalist trash and made them blink.","approval"
"I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability","disappointment"
"At least the bodies decompose. That plastics gonna be there a while.","relief"
"Nice ;)","admiration"
"Thanks I don't know why it didn't load for me on my phone.","gratitude"
"It’s funny because this is the summary of most discussion posts on this sub","amusement"
"[NAME] the people must be warned.","annoyance"
"Thanks for the reply. Why'd you delete the sad sack comment?","curiosity"
"WHAT THE FUCK","anger"
"Don't tell us. Preaching to the choir. Go to the mommy subs were everyone thinks it's a great idea to breed.","neutral"
"The hand break isn't going to make already locked tires lock any more. Just sayin'.","neutral"
"I heard some vague rumors but nothing as specific as this. Do you have a link?","annoyance"
"Tf what it this for a motivational speech?? Tf is fb doing to these kids","curiosity"
"The surprise would be that we just broke a 16 year old record...","approval"
"How aren’t you in fucking school","anger"
"This is how the really, really good porns start.","admiration"
"It's like [NAME] said, man. You look for the guy that benefits, and uh... You know, uh...","confusion"
"This is why we love Football!!!","excitement"
"Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that. ","relief"
"biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research","approval"
"Thanks for the tip! We’ll try that","gratitude"
"Anybody know why [NAME] sat the second half? It wasn't like anybody else was burning it up.","neutral"
"Damn. Hope they don’t have children","optimism"
"Oh yeah, thanks, sorry for the confusion, good thing someone called their bullshit :)","gratitude"
"link to the crack tweet?","confusion"
"Or at the very least, why can't healers have HAMMERS!? (... I miss Legion :(]","neutral"
"I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.","optimism"
"If you kill a spider instead of putting it outside, you are a grade A bitchmade babyman.","neutral"
"This was touching and certainly fits here on r/bestof. But can someone explain how it started? How did someone know he's depressed? I'm just confused..","confusion"
"Because most shit right wingers say is so awful that if they said it in a space where they weren't anonymous they would be fucking done","approval"
"Everyone who takes drugs will die.","realization"
"Sorry you are having such trouble.","remorse"
"And here we see the incel in his natural habitat: an imaginary dream world catered to his vision.","realization"
"A "kicky switch"? I'm not sure where to use that, but I'll find a way.","confusion"
"Beautiful shots. Makes me want to finally take the jump into photography.","admiration"
"Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP","disapproval"
"My opinion is that anyone smart enough would simply not work for [NAME] in the first place.","annoyance"
"Yep, all the mentally light-lifting folks will flock to that instead of her cautiously pushed out 70% tax rate.","curiosity"
"For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.","realization"
"better yet. cancel your subscription to Netflix and go for a walk. much better for you anyway.","approval"
"The idea that fb might be slowly killing mlms out there gives me a glimmer of satisfaction...","approval"
"Because they think the govt should provide all the jobs, they're crazy. ","sadness"
"I never said prostitution doesn't exist. I said it is off the streets.","annoyance"
"How is it the worst though? Me and my friends all use it and love it (since 2016)","curiosity"
"I'm guessing "Corporate Stooge" didn't focus group well.","neutral"
"oh no I agree that its edited, but I think she has other things going on too.. BDD at least ","approval"
"[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out","annoyance"
"That woman gave me nightmares as a child. Also, you probably know this but she also plays [NAME] aunt in the third movie!","approval"
"who tf has twitter on light mode","confusion"
">[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.","surprise"
"Classic Leslie!","admiration"
"I have said many times [NAME] should just quit playing around and open a full on grocery store. Seems like a logical next step.","anger"
"Anybody wanna go on a picnic with me? Alpaca lunch.","neutral"
"hey that's my weather give it back -- a north dakota redditor","neutral"
"Nah... that's a slippery slope. Let's just take away their freedom and put them in a place where they can't have anymore kids","disapproval"
"I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.","anger"
"Not funny....","annoyance"
"Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.","approval"
"These stories make me glad that I have a job that doesn't require social interaction besides my boss and coworkers.","approval"
"I noticed that too. How cute.","amusement"
"always the people I hate and never my crush","neutral"
"errrrrrrrrr that's pointless, and your Doctor I'm afraid is pointless as well.","annoyance"
"Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.","admiration"
"[NAME] is a traitor to this country.","disgust"
"They are new but got over 100 reviews in less than a month so I'm assuming they are just slammed. Thanks for the input","admiration"
"I had dream where someone said this to me having no idea it was him","desire"
"What about the hipster couple? Were you able to get their lawn on track?","curiosity"
"im alright my dude, didn’t realize how dark this was i might take it down","approval"
"That treatise is working well for the environment! 😉","joy"
"I dont get it, are the councillors in Ottawa known for being boorish, uneducated and unilingual?","confusion"
"Macs Local Eats is just the best. I don't know what else to say.","admiration"
"You're a hottie!","excitement"
"I mean it has history and culture which Boston rather lacks.","neutral"
"And to think all along I was wondering if it was left hand turn day or just me!","admiration"
"Do you mean addons exclusive to him? The instasaw bubba is pretty fucking good....","admiration"
"May we all strive to be like that man.","admiration"
"Just as a curiosity I wonder what [NAME] would offer for someone like him in light of their desperation at forward.","curiosity"
"What a combo of food","admiration"
"I love the sense of humor on this sub. It gets me.","love"
"Ur a dumbass","anger"
"Love him.","neutral"
"Which is why he wasn't the best at colonialism. You can't just murder the people you're supposed to enslave.","neutral"
"we're getting our top men right on that.","neutral"
"That’s so great! Congratulations to you as well!","admiration"
"i thought you were and [NAME] too?","confusion"
"Opposite reaction to the right trying to demonize her. The obsession with her from the right is insane.","approval"
"Want too big and lean to be naturally achievable.","approval"
"In that case the bottom queens would probably not learn the lyrics","neutral"
"This times a thousand. They set us against each other so we don't realize who the real enemy is.","anger"
"Oh no this is cute","admiration"
"I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.","admiration"
"Scat will NEVER be my thing. Or vomit.","disgust"
"Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0","remorse"
"Anywhere skytrain wants to expand my tax paying dollars will be ok with it.","neutral"
"And it's stopped. Training cancelled :-)","disappointment"
"We can agree this season is ♾ times better than AS3?","approval"
"You obviously have never seen those creepy videos with 10m+ views with kids. And those Elsagate videos.","annoyance"
"I go everywhere, the XP and money make it worth it. ","approval"
"A person can make mistakes. Doesn't make her a bad lawyer. Her career history speaks for itself.","caring"
"Better than the posted joke! thanks!","gratitude"
"Their faces tho, LOL","amusement"
"Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)","neutral"
"Dont mind him/her, they have decided that anything which kinda speaks against the whole Apartheid is to blame for everything for the next 150 Years is bad. ","neutral"
"You Dirty F*king Heathen.","anger"
"how was your day?","curiosity"
">You can't purge dissenting opinions over there like you do here. Yes, because top minds definitely doesn't purge dissenting opinions. ","disapproval"
"this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones","disgust"
"Now I get why his videos are always on this sub. He's posting them himself.","realization"
"I'm fucking starving here.","anger"
"Ding ding ding! We have a winner!","excitement"
"If DUP support were not an issue she would have likely gone for the Northern Ireland only backstop.","neutral"
"Oh trust me, I thought of that - but I felt as though the phallic shape would cheapen the resemblance to feces ","gratitude"
"C’mon man, read the comment, if you love [NAME] so much why don’t you shaft him","disappointment"
"Ow is correct.","approval"
"Curious as to why he's been passed up so many times now.","curiosity"
"Ooooh, we got a badass over here!","admiration"
"I agree, thanks for the help and sorry for the late response.","gratitude"
"Ghosting sucks and is rarely excusable.","anger"
"Peace and love, my brother!","love"
"Another joke?","neutral"
"If the wealthy behave as if its fine to discount the future then its fine for the poor to take from them.","neutral"
"This whole episode is one of my favorites; it has this AND "Requiem for a Tuesday" AND "the Low-Cal Calzone Zone" ","approval"
"Wow you think 15 downvotes in Reddit from the YIMBY cult has any meaning? I didn't say anything pertaining to economics.","curiosity"
"Oh I'm not denying he is a scumbag who should be run out of town. Just whether this individual thing happened.","neutral"
"> mopey?Like Droopy? Ah well maybe","approval"
"Heat back in the day. You would go in and there would be a horrible mix of Joop aftershave and Bourbon in the air.","neutral"
"Happy New Year! Looks like you had a great time there! Cheers! Here’s to a great 2019 hopefully in both baseball and life!","gratitude"
"Did he use his full title when he introduced himself. Cause that would be sweet","neutral"
"Definitely going to fail without a doubt qualified to even own my dog, and I’m happy it’s a deload week.","joy"
"I will go back to actually read the piece in its entirely but wow. Her gray is so pretty. I’m jealous","annoyance"
"> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.","confusion"
"how are your trolls really this bad","disgust"
"You're 17....calm down.","neutral"
"This is a great coming out, I also which it went this well for everyone 🏳️‍🌈","admiration"
"Wah, the poor dead fascist thug! What a fucking tragedy. Every dead cop makes the world a safer place.","sadness"
"I think [NAME] has like a clothes/purse/perfume line. Don't quote me though.","approval"
"I like it when a sub's name matches what I say when I see its content.","neutral"
"Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?","remorse"
"Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.","admiration"
"I’m not. I know too many moid larpers to be one. I’ll show you my face if you want.","optimism"
"Yea can get a pic of me and my mates when we go out for drinks next So don't bother trying with jokes? Just keep it empty?","annoyance"
"[NAME] is amped, I'm excited that he's excited","excitement"
"Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.","fear"
"So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...","neutral"
"I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.","love"
"It's not just what he said, it was the way he said it. Good stuff.","admiration"
"I think the downvotes are coming from Mavs lurkers who are pissed we didn’t give them [NAME] unprotected first","neutral"
"Lol thankfully you guys only had a pedophile as 27th and 31st Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama.","amusement"
"Your link won't load and are you seriously citing fucking Syria as a successful example of anything? [NAME] holy motherfucking pecker.","anger"
"Not so sure. I have a decent body but until I took the time to focus on my posture I was slouching.","confusion"
"I'd like to see it set during the [NAME] conquest of China, That'd be cool","desire"
">I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.","disapproval"
"In my experience it was just people burning the fuck out of popcorn (possibly to cover up the stench of weed) at 2am","neutral"
"[NAME] should give him a little tough love","love"
"What? lol no. I feel bad they have to, but there are legit people who enjoy wearing it to show devotion.","curiosity"
"This stands true in FL. We stock up so we don't have any reason to travel.","neutral"
"***RUINS THE BALANCE IN THE FORCE***","neutral"
"My mom wrote a paper for me once in 5th grade. I got a B-. Needless to say, I learned my lesson.","neutral"
"It’s not significant enough to be a bad move lol. It’s a push. Spalding is nothing","amusement"
"[NAME].","neutral"
"For both of you together? The fuck company are you using.","anger"
"extra hot on whipped drinks? excuse me? i don’t want to burn my tongue on my CDL. extra hot on sauce-based beverages.","curiosity"
"LOL where did you hear that?!","excitement"
"I don't understand why [NAME] is starting it on the feet..","embarrassment"
"r/suddenlytrans? This is totally a joke I'd make if I grew","amusement"
"AWWWWW, look at the little snowflake that can’t take cyberbullying and thinks others care!","annoyance"
"Thanks, I understand what you mean, this made me feel better :)","relief"
"Thanks so much for the advice! Will definitely keep that in mind","gratitude"
"Yeah but she didn’t get anybody to vote for anyone. She said they all said they were voting for [NAME] anyway.","approval"
"Don’t you spit facts! Downvote for you (everyone) with no reply. They don’t reply to good arguments just downvote you.","anger"
"I hope your relationships are no longer abusive either physically or emotionally.","optimism"
"The Wall requires taking land at gunpoint, explain how that isn't tyranny","confusion"
"Anyone here know what kind of rifle he's carrying? Looks like an Israeli Galil but I'm not sure.","confusion"
"That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. ","love"
"Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.","approval"
"I think we all know [NAME] has the best curves in team history.","admiration"
"I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together","love"
"Wasn't north and south Dakota one state at some point? Are they putting aside they're difference and getting back together?","neutral"
"Manila and Monét serving a lot of emotion for safe","caring"
"Yeah man, did the trick for me. ","neutral"
"One of my favorite episodes.","joy"
"You have the personality of a stale bagel: dry and bland","neutral"
"Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?","gratitude"
"Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪","amusement"
"Send everything through lawyers. Go no contact as soon as possible.","neutral"
"I would have liked this period to go differently.","neutral"
"NOT EVEN CLOSE!","disapproval"
"Yeah he's a cunt but that doesn't mean he should be prosecuted for a joke. No matter how bad taste it was.","annoyance"
"Why should I care what he thinks?","disappointment"
"sLOVEnian Power! ;)","joy"
"Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!","admiration"
"Nobel prize, u/Otomyre, Nobel prize! I’ll see you in Sweden!","admiration"
"I thought you were making a joke about AI not taking over while asking a bot to remind you ;)","neutral"
"I missed this too. Why did they split?","curiosity"
"*Fuck extremists.","anger"
"I feel attacked /s","annoyance"
"Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals","anger"
"I know, my dealer was doing bumps off his hand. Have some class","neutral"
"omgad that monster!","neutral"
"Talking is a free action.","neutral"
"It's actually pretty condescending to tell people what words they're allowed to use to describe themselves.","neutral"
"I like how because it’s on topic you assume everyone involved is making it their entire being. Lmao.","admiration"
"ALL SIDES!","neutral"
"Holy crap, I've never seen a picture of [NAME] so thin.","embarrassment"
"I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.","desire"
"I wonder the same thing. Where could I go where no one would ever find me. I usually come around to dropping myself in the millworks.","surprise"
"If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.","joy"
"Wow! This got far more real than I was anticipating.","admiration"
"Your brother is in a freak cult that ruins lives. Forgive him but don’t listen to that bs.","anger"
"We have enough places to start a convo with [NAME], but others have better pieces.","neutral"
"Agree with most of above apart from TERA is no cash grab unlees you just want to fast forward a little with gear and it really is a little lol","approval"
"Lmao what a guy","amusement"
"Oh no! He’s right!","admiration"
"Not his fault [NAME] got butterfingers.","approval"
"*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.","annoyance"
"Catch him in the act. SPIDER-MAN WITH HIS HANDS IN A COOKIE JAR.","neutral"
"Treyarch: adds all blackout servers to South America [NAME]: OMG treyarch why does matchmaking take so long.","neutral"
"So you defend an evil murdering dictator and pedal conspiracy theories and whataboutism. Grow up.","neutral"
"> the dems caused the shutdown, Uh they did. They're the ones who won't agree to the wall. ","neutral"
"Thank you. I'm just so shocked that this is in Arizona. This looks like it belongs somewhere completely different.","gratitude"
"Stop, this is a safe space.","caring"
"Haha I meant [NAME]. I was a very chatty fast bowler/no.6 pinch hitter.","amusement"
"You can wait ten years to start working on yourself and get what you want or you can do it now.","neutral"
"My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s","joy"
"I can’t believe I’m agreeing with [NAME].","surprise"
"Yeah, even though I give it to him that it was confusing that they designed Crysis 1 for PCs that wouldn't come out for like 5 years.","confusion"
"How does that work on joystick though? Never played on console, is this still a problem?","curiosity"
"REVENGE GAME — a former [NAME] is going to go off today... [NAME] DROPPING 40","neutral"
"That is a completely different point, and has nothing to do with nxt or its title being pointless. ","disapproval"
"I always get a kick out of the videos posted of cars and buses stuck around that area. Bathurst going up to St. Clair is also notorious.","approval"
"Lmao the cop stops like *"Fuck, well I guess he won't be resisting on the way"*","amusement"
"I feel ya :/","approval"
"When I was maybe 8 I discovered that I liked hot dog buns with just ketchup. I shortly discovered what heartburn was.","desire"
"This is so true.","approval"
"almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are","disapproval"
"Any respectable head shop (pot accessory store) or tobacconist (cigar shop) will have them. Good luck, love that friggin pipe!","curiosity"
"Dang... I’m learning all the secrets!","anger"
"Oh by bad","annoyance"
"He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!","sadness"
"Um hi.","neutral"
"So you're saying [NAME] doesn't have a personal vendetta against me?","neutral"
"Was the song "New Light"? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it","love"
"Happy cake day!","joy"
"you forgot miracle, fake fan","annoyance"
"So its not mum and dad then.","disapproval"
"- But mom! I don’t wanna go to school today! - You’re going little shit.","anger"
"Keep on going","approval"
"I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless. ","neutral"
"I want that rod of [NAME] concept for my aphro D:","neutral"
"Good edit. I was going to go on a tirade about changing diapers on my lap/bathroom floors, but now I don't need to.","admiration"
"You would be better off to do some makeup tutorials. Save yourself the headache of dealing with hormones that you don't actually need.","caring"
"Of course! It’s just sometimes your garage is not big enough for two cars, or you’re not at your house.","neutral"
"Btw I’m totally including myself in the karmahungry section but that pic was just too appropriate to not share","embarrassment"
"The men that you grew up around sound pretty insensitive. I hope that they didn’t cloud your opinion of what a typical man is like.","disappointment"
"Huh that’s her?! She appears on this sub every 3 days and she looks *so different* every time!!","neutral"
"Winchester and b95","neutral"
"Still curious if they try and trade [NAME]. One thing is for sure I’m not ruling anything out. [NAME] and the FO is getting very creative","curiosity"
"Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.","curiosity"
"Until that plant dies because you just shocked the hell out of its root system.","neutral"
"Just dump it on the other side of that fence down there...ssss","neutral"
"*sighs* One day Blizzard will finally understand that [NAME] teleport is what needs changing and not his damn passive ability. For now, the dream must remain a dream....","neutral"
"We don't deserve [NAME] one does.","disapproval"
"OK, I better understand the distinction you're making. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Do you have any data to suggest this?","curiosity"
"No it's actually a land form just off the toes of the giant!","neutral"
"He ran as a [NAME] in the Senate primary and then declined the nomination. Multiple times. He isn't "honoring" shit.","disgust"
"thank you for this, i feel less alone now. i’m glad you overshare on this stupid website :)","gratitude"
"I'm with you. I'd like one too.","neutral"
"[NAME] looks like [NAME]","neutral"
"*[NAME] jumps out of window","fear"
"What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.","realization"
"He's most likely been misinformed","fear"
"Randomly watched arrow this week and I think each year is more confusing and I didn't like it! At least [NAME] is still there and always shining!","disgust"
"Thanks for the info","gratitude"
"Yeah, I have made it clear to most or all of my friends that I am not available instantly, lol","annoyance"
"You really can't. So just dont worry about it","nervousness"
"He’s been going to a restaurant for 40 years and forgot what it looked like and where it was.. uh huh.","neutral"
"It’s a fucking rockstar videogame, not an old west farm and hunting simulator you pleb.","admiration"
"Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off","pride"
"One of my all-time favorite bands, and one of the best live acts you'll ever see!","love"
"Ehh, still pretty ambitious lobs for [NAME] though. I'd get it if it was [NAME]. ","desire"
"great another filler episode, not like we have had enough of them","optimism"
"😂 Lmao your mom’s revenge is pro-level and I love it.","amusement"
"What does it matter we're just going to take another bust in the middle of the first round like always","anger"
"Well, my masochistic curiosity got the better of me. I've seen worse, but that's going on the blacklist for damn sure.","realization"
"There are far more bad ones than good ones. Stepparents that treat their stepchildren as their own are noteworthy for a reason.","neutral"
"We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it","pride"
"2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked. ","neutral"
"After I got rammed into by 2 planes on the 1st zone's storm edge in dusty, I couldn't agree more.","approval"
"Someone should do a “what posting any related [NAME] romance is like.” The comments in these posts are a real treat.","approval"
"I see where [NAME] got his training.","neutral"
"[NAME] is a jinx. Please send him back.","annoyance"
"No wonder crime is going up if these morons are in charge.","anger"
"She is beauty she is grace she just just grinded the ground with her face.","admiration"
"Yes rather vague statement... but key to this situation.","neutral"
"I thought from his accent maybe he was or he'd spent a lot of time there.","confusion"
"Made my day!","joy"
"They didn't even spell his actor's name correctly...","annoyance"
"I do actually, everytime I buy vegetable or sunflower oil I get that massive plastic jug thing that the supermarket sells its only like £2.50/£3.50 depending where you go","approval"
"Get your feet off the table...","anger"
"Me too, buddy. ","neutral"
"Haha yep. Thanks. Fixed it!","amusement"
"Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.","admiration"
"Nice try..Hulu exec.","approval"
"Hahaha years of being a nets fan makes me only look for reasons we wont win.","amusement"
"This is wild omg. Also, happy cake day twin!","joy"
"I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.","sadness"
"While that is cute-try to do critical thinking while u are reading. Prove your god exsists-let him smite me. That mighty smiter.","optimism"
"Lmao he did that at the concert i went to and said that it was the first time hes ever seen it","neutral"
"Nah, I'm a straight girl infiltrating this sub because the memes are so spicy","approval"
"Had to go way too far down the thread for this answer!","confusion"
"Don’t do a long distance thing, not worth it and a waste of time","disapproval"
"Haven't been able to watch tonight and just saw the score. What is happening?!","confusion"
"But I was told that sub was for civil discussion!!!","confusion"
"Incontinence is a terrible thing","disapproval"
"When I worked in salon, we could never wear flip flops because of “hair splinters”","embarrassment"
"She’s happy she’s taking half of amazon.. [NAME] said [NAME] was a cheater.. win win I guess...","joy"
"Yeah but at least those ones are less smelly.","approval"
"Aw it’s the same user who was scared of breast feeding lmao","amusement"
"uh oh is it yiff","surprise"
"OK thanks 😂 I just typed she automatically and then realized I had actually no idea if she was a she hahaha","amusement"
"No, you won the 23rd.","disapproval"
"I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.","realization"
"No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.","caring"
"Homing pigeons make the best SOs","admiration"
"Is this [NAME] working in retail?","confusion"
"I wanna die","desire"
"How often does this happen? To you and others? I'm curious.","curiosity"
"Because you never edit babies while above an armed guard. Come on. Get it together.","anger"
"All I can say is.. good luck bro","optimism"
"This is exactly what happens when these fields are controlled by political ideology and not by a unbiased search of the truth.","anger"
"He's not wrong though.","approval"
"As of about 15 minutes ago Edit: yes, I know I have a problem","neutral"
"Keep moving!","neutral"
"KIA is mad at a guy streaming for a charity that they don't like?","curiosity"
"Shaun Of The Dead is way more comedy than horror, good laughs.","amusement"
"They were and will always be the best couple in the show. Team Slexie for life!","admiration"
"You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting","amusement"
"You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior","embarrassment"
"OKOGIE YOU ABSOLUTE MADMAN","neutral"
"Refs Twitter in shambles","annoyance"
"How this post is still up??🤔🤔","confusion"
"[NAME] and [NAME]. I can't stand them","neutral"
"same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.","anger"
"I'm glad centrists feel unwelcome in the labour party, that's how things should be.","gratitude"
"Oh, don't cry. ","neutral"
"Not enough power, need at least 85 power, preferably 90+ to compete in 18","disapproval"
"Read decrease at first and thought "Oh boy, reddit is gonna love this one"","neutral"
"Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.","disgust"
"I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).","love"
"So he’s gonna swear at you in Klingon?","curiosity"
"Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!","remorse"
"As far as anal- go slow and there is never too much lube!","neutral"
"The problem with starting off a political discussion like this is that noone's gonna take anything else you say after this seriously.","neutral"
"Tsunderes never work","disappointment"
"Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist. ","sadness"
"Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right","love"
"Wow, 5 downvotes in 3 minutes. Go you!","surprise"
"Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!","love"
"I just don’t understand this.","confusion"
"Really? That's interesting. I'll have to give it a try. Yes I'd love to take a look at your suggestions.","approval"
"[NAME] got a bad report card from [NAME] as well today.","neutral"
"Show me one conservative congressman/senator who is actively fighting climate change to break this stereotype","neutral"
"i was agreeing with u/sixstringersoldier guess my analogy wasnt clear","approval"
"Oh my gosh she opens her gullet like a freaking pelican!!!","neutral"
"The fact that she told you your sex life is over is insane to me.","surprise"
"Because it seems like a first step on the same road that peope here have taken. I figured you have experience in the matter.","realization"
"dont get how it was a bad episode. this sub really likes to nitpick i guess.","disgust"
"The best, besides the hundreds of other games that are better. You know, like how Mcdonald's has the best food in the world. ","neutral"
"Wow dan I like being up at 4am....","love"
"Don't understand the question. Obviously you make up the rules in the middle of the game.","neutral"
"I mean, I hope so. I bought his jersey, which would be embarrassing if he was out the league in two years.","embarrassment"
"It’s tinder no one cares if they get blocked cringe to you is funny to them","joy"
"Should be /r/me_irl","neutral"
"I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.","sadness"
"This is a very good point, which I hadn't thought of. Thanks dull!","admiration"
"I'd let him destroy me with facts and knowledge 😩😩😩","neutral"
"Not a Fan if anything FFXiii but I loved this game. Hope we get a season 2.","optimism"
"No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).","disappointment"
"Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.","fear"
"I prefer a good downdoot after a cup of coffee!","desire"
"Well thats just mean.","annoyance"
"you're going to relapse in two years because you have an illness that makes you use excessive amounts of things to cope with emotions..","neutral"
"I am starting to get very concerned with [NAME] and [NAME]","caring"
"Bran flakes is your friend. Low in calories, and best ‘motivator’ to use the toilet","neutral"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"i just giggled like a girl.","amusement"
"It would be good if the producers can find a carrot to dangle that can get these idiots to spill on each other.","admiration"
"Well that took a turn real quick!","approval"
"Wow, you’re so generous with other people’s money.","excitement"
"Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.","anger"
"This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!","admiration"
"My nightmare is having an iphone.","fear"
"Except you continue to lose calories well after you finish running...so way off","realization"
"Just as delusional as [NAME] was. The difference though is [NAME] seems to be putting on an act, tj is just that salty.","neutral"
"Why was it changed to that? An overreaction. Why is it still like that? Laziness or incompetence, take your pick. Edit: clarity","curiosity"
"Was that an inglorious basterds quote in there ?","curiosity"
"Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.","neutral"
"Now figure out how to grow bunches like that.","neutral"
"When I die Im gonna ask satan for a job in hell whipping all these cunts","anger"
"They both crazy","neutral"
"That’s a real article ? Oh [NAME]...","curiosity"
"Get out now. She's playing mental games with you. Play nice but plan your exit. Ask me how I know.","neutral"
"This lady argued with me for wanting a 0 guard on the side for my fade. Walked out.","disgust"
"I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!","admiration"
"My dog seems uncomfortable when I don’t. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","disappointment"
"she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has "anxiety caused by other people" ","disappointment"
"I would love to see [NAME] take on the Avengers and win.","excitement"
"Looks expensive. Hope you enjoyed the game!","joy"
"i’ve heard great things from the people who actually saw it. Thriller is my favorite genre so it seems right up my alley","admiration"
"Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!","anger"
"Great pass by [NAME]","admiration"
"Not relevant. Evangelicals frequently preferring [NAME] to the likely alternatives has nothing to do with the alt-right; there's a little overlap but not much.","neutral"
"Kudos to OP for not falling for the bait.","admiration"
"You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA","sadness"
"I mean if he’s into it, sure, whatever. I’m not one to judge. ","disapproval"
"[NAME] that poor man just cut em off","neutral"
"Damn I got a notif from a (very cute) friend saying "no u" on Discord right before I saw this","neutral"
"Stay at home dads are awesome gender non conformists.","neutral"
"I cannot sadly, good luck though.","pride"
"It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent","fear"
"I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s. ","amusement"
"Wow. I hope that asst manager will be looking for a new job soon.","desire"
"Great, petty revenge instead of making your GF happy by removing [NAME] from her life, nice job!","admiration"
"The master will not be pleased.","disapproval"
"This child does not understand the economy","disappointment"
"> a central bank that acts as a buffer between monetary policy and implementation. ... what?","disapproval"
"Just because you stopped to let me cross doesn't mean the other 3 lanes of cars did.","annoyance"
"Correct them. It’s best to let them know the real you right from the beginning rather than later.","approval"
"I watch it 4-5 times every time it comes up. I think there is something wrong with me...","realization"
"I'm still testing the waters. Hazelnut mocha latte with almond milk is da bomb!","realization"
"I gotta say, that was a WELL fought period. I was worried a couple times...","approval"
"I got a bad feeling about this. Something tells me they're going to drag this along until 2 weeks before release.","annoyance"
"I mean if you wanna have more kids you should pay more, not less.. I’m not forcing anyone to have children","annoyance"
"Yeeeaaaah, move out and keep showing off the clam.","approval"
"You can see his tooth bouncing off the pavement on the right after he falls. Brings a tear of joy to my eye 😅","joy"
"After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.","disgust"
"They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.","neutral"
"Okay, fair enough, though the vid worried me about the level of grinding in the game","nervousness"
"How long have you two been together? Have you talked with your bf about any of these concerns?","realization"
"Uh, she was [NAME] girlfriend. She broke up with him with that text.","neutral"
"[NAME] that is frightening...","fear"
"My coworkers mood rn. Sober AF.","neutral"
"THAT DOES IT!","approval"
"oops, back in a minute, your round!","neutral"
"Lovely experience on the trains this morning lool getting me practiced for being in a coffin","love"
"Well if T_D users like Coolio, maybe they ain't so bad after all. ","neutral"
"Oh gosh dang it","neutral"
"Valid. I think we mentioned in the Discord that exact point the other day.","approval"
"You come off as very cold and uncaring there.","neutral"
"Recently Retired cop here. I love to see this. This is what he’s fighting to stop.","approval"
"I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because "I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"","neutral"
"Are you being stalked by anti-vaxxers? I’m so sorry that sucks so much","curiosity"
"I’m talking to your momma about it.","neutral"
"Now there’s a thought...","neutral"
"On my first date with my now wife, who is an MD, she said she was intimidated by me. I think it was the suit though!","realization"
"Just not the right year to tank. POOR planning by the FO.","disappointment"
"Well done! Keep it going mate. If you’re struggling reach out to whoever you can!","admiration"
"I LITERALLY SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND","neutral"
"^ And another baby bear. Prepping for a new propaganda assault?","curiosity"
"Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?","admiration"
"Fire as! Holy macaroni you should do some sort of extension of it👌","caring"
"No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse","disgust"
"They obviously are for everyone who ever bothered to take a look at rape, femicide and other related stats ","approval"
"Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.","neutral"
"I hope you two can figure this out. I feel for you and for him.","caring"
"No, he was hecka hungry and coming down to McDonald’s would mean being caught.","neutral"
"I wonder if the insurance company would go after the gun range or just drop the homeowner because they obviously lived in an unsafe area.","confusion"
"It wasn’t significant.","disapproval"
"This guy is desperate to be a victim everyone. We can't fix him.","disappointment"
"It’s always about sentience. We already generally restrict abortions about the time fetuses are believed to start feeling pain.","caring"
"so nice i had to put her twice","neutral"
"Gore magala is my favorite monster in mh4u, you did an amazing job!","admiration"
"Oh I see it now","surprise"
"[NAME], I’ve slaughtered [NAME] today, but the man has balls, I’ll give him that","sadness"
"thanks for the correction.","gratitude"
"They're upset because, if the slime that makes 4chan stink were to congeal into a person, it would be [NAME].","neutral"
"I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.","sadness"
"Lmao good man","amusement"
"Do you orgasm when you’re on your own? Are you a virgin?","curiosity"
"No! They’re still on the sidewalk right there! With literally absolutely no way around them!","disapproval"
"If they keep the registration costs the same, one less plate to make adds up. ","neutral"
"Because it was smh lol","neutral"
"SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(","sadness"
"First impressions don't need more then a day. Not to Mention 10 raids and tons of pvp I'll be fine.","approval"
"Sounds like you have the situation firmly under control. Keep maintaining boundaries, focusing on the things that matter, and ignoring her need for drama. ","admiration"
"Which makes zero sense lol","amusement"
"Find yourself another pretty, nice girl that doesn’t have cheating tendencies. They exist ","desire"
"Even though I'm not the poster thanks for this, I had no idea it was a thing. I'm going to check it out.","gratitude"
"There's too much focus on "our side Vs their side" and things just seem to be getting worse","optimism"
"No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.","neutral"
"Uhhhhhh, damn son","neutral"
"This makes me so happy!","joy"
"Right? It looked wild AF for a baby shower lol","amusement"
"Never knew that, explains why she was working so hard for the banks all this time.","neutral"
"Yet, here we are, a whole sub full of people who seem interested in the stupid things incels say and do... 🤔 /s","curiosity"
"> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you","neutral"
"[NAME] breaks to love early in the third.","love"
"Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a "journalist" in need of a safe place.","anger"
"There's so many! Auntie [NAME] and Dame [NAME] are two of the best. But personally, the bass player from Spiderbait, [NAME].","neutral"
"That actually makes a lot of sense. I stand corrected.","approval"
"Give me [NAME]. We need some thump when we clear the benches.","approval"
"No offense to pop, but their record suggests that they haven't been able to stop enough momentum this year.","neutral"
"This card has been awesome so far. Great debut for ESPN.","admiration"
"Ok why did you bother responding then. ☺️","neutral"
"Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.","realization"
"Right but many people don’t as well. You can’t just assume that someone is gonna perform better...","neutral"
"She refuses to go to therapy.","disappointment"
"Go watch the video where she does [NAME] makeup, [NAME] is super tall, especially compared to [NAME]. ","admiration"
"That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.","nervousness"
"maybe they are even going places together ;)","neutral"
"This thread is a good indicator that Canada has a ton of racists who also love Reddit.","admiration"
"I was not expecting the giant "POLICE STATION" sign. That just makes it all the better. ","neutral"
"She barely has any real hair on her head. She looks like [NAME] dolly from Rugrats. Bet","admiration"
"I've never mentally clung so hard to a "there's a *yes* at the end of all these *no's*" in my life.","neutral"
"and then everyone clapped.","neutral"
"This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st, ","neutral"
"Thank you! I appreciate the support","admiration"
"Ah [NAME]..... wept like a baby","neutral"
"I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.","desire"
"They play loud trap music.","annoyance"
"How far down the rabbit hole do you want to go?","curiosity"
"I think it's the caption and emojis that really make this terrible. Otherwise, this would be posted on r/funny and reach the front page ","amusement"
"So the key to living is to do nothing?","neutral"
"Doesnt help [NAME] was right. That would further push [NAME] into his arms","disapproval"
"Its the only one...","neutral"
"Pepsi tastes better in the UK than Coke but US/Canada coke is pure diabetes and Pepsi is disgusting.","disgust"
"This made my hump day. Thank you good sir","admiration"
"Is...Is this a Hitman themed FE Shitpost?...I dunno whether to be happy or impressed by this.","joy"
"They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.","optimism"
"This, in top of my already terrible mental health, is the reason why I'm severely underweight and need help.","sadness"
"Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.","disappointment"
"Thought it was StuPOTity when I first heard it....","neutral"
"Let’s just start with the reason of why you left [RELIGION].","neutral"
"[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!","admiration"
"They're corrupt, but in the legal ways.","realization"
"And offensively boring!","disappointment"
"You’re hardly qualified to talk.","anger"
"Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?","admiration"
"> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.","amusement"
"Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.","neutral"
"You're welcome! Happy New year!","gratitude"
"Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.","sadness"
"I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks","desire"
"Couldn't sit through it. Was so bored. Skipped through parts and ended up feeling like I didn't miss anything anyway.","neutral"
"I love that quote, thank you ","gratitude"
"I'm not commenting on their chemistry or whatever, just that the age gaps are similar and it's ok to point that out either way.","disapproval"
"Oh boy I was wide awake when I lost my under 51.5. [NAME] can go fuck his ugly self","anger"
"A guava sounds awesome! Totally didn’t even think of that!","admiration"
"I believe it was clear I disagreed. And I don’t play wow.","disapproval"
"That's why many places have it at 18 or 19. It's not like 16 and 25 are the only options.","realization"
"And this is why I park my car in the woods when I wanna just chill. Thank you south jersey pines","gratitude"
"Sounds like some people could just be a bit confused and maybe not been to a drive thru before","realization"
"[NAME], aside from the goal was several magnitudes worse than [NAME]....","neutral"
"U is for You and Me!","neutral"
"If you succeed at killing yourself you can't attempt it many more times.","neutral"
"Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.","gratitude"
"yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad","disappointment"
"Lmao you fart bigger to cover up the first one","amusement"
"Aww that makes my day too <3","admiration"
"Great, about to rewrite my many ToDo lists","admiration"
"While we watch the private form of Operation Chokepoint with Patreon, it's bizarre that people don't believe this stuff is real. ","confusion"
"Yeah, at this point I just keep of off anything remotely related to what Im playing/reading, its just too easy with the internet these days too be spoiled","realization"
"Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”","annoyance"
"Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.","admiration"
"I wish I could be this person.","desire"
"Go troll elsewhere. This woman needs support, not crass questions.","neutral"
"[NAME], you are hilarious! Congratulations ","neutral"
"[NAME] is a brilliant player. Glad to see him get more time.","admiration"
"She’s so hot. Also happy cake day","neutral"
"That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre ","remorse"
"Can confirm am big fan!","neutral"
"Whoa, wasn't expecting a rational take on this here on reddit. Well done.","admiration"
"[NAME] dead and it was the Government that killed him.","annoyance"
"Hey! That’s my name!","realization"
"You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen... ","excitement"
"I’m 21 and I only loosely understand what a lathe is.","neutral"
"If you wanna know how rappers rape ask [NAME]","neutral"
"True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.","relief"
"Trolling cat lovers used to be funny, 24 years ago.","amusement"
">Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.","disappointment"
"Why not touch them? then don't shove people out of lifts. that's hardly civil. just WAIT and let people get off.","anger"
"Is it really beneficial to link egregiously misleading articles? Ah Huffpost, Buzzfeed, Breitbart, Fox News etc—the pillars of journalism. ","neutral"
"The NBA fan was just one year younger last year and probably had the same viewing habits, thus not impacting the results of the year over year comparison. ","realization"
"Imagine what hed be like if he was actually very rich lol","amusement"
"People have gotten triggered on this sub the past month if you didn't call [NAME] a [NAME], so I think we can handle it.","neutral"
"Whoa you are on a big brain level!!","admiration"
"that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else","neutral"
"Hahaha! Yes.","approval"
"[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there","admiration"
"I'd be honored","admiration"
"People put their lives at risk trying to rescue them.","neutral"
"This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic","love"
"Is this the place that had the creme filled donut holes, if not does anyone know where to get them","confusion"
"Funny.. I mean real funny looking.","amusement"
"I get snuck up on by my papillon I wouldn't stand a chance against an actual predator","neutral"
"Right? This pops up like atleast once a month, for months now. Dude needs serious therapy...","neutral"
"Cool as hell","disgust"
"I feel ya man. Stayed up to prestige and now I can’t sleep anyways.","approval"
"My mom would go into those rages and I would pray my aunt would call because as soon as she answered the phone she was back to calm.","neutral"
"Sometimes, a shirt is just a shirt. Do you have any reason to believe otherwise?","neutral"
">just something motor**sport** fans tell themselves to avoid admitting it’s not really a **sport**. Errr.","neutral"
"Why the fuck does this exist","anger"
"This one comes up a lot just saying.","annoyance"
"Why does that matter?","curiosity"
"Blind kid throes better first pitch than [NAME]","neutral"
"That’s what’s it’s called or what SHE’S called?🤣","neutral"
"Rule 10 is to make it clear that people who violate the spirit of the rules without breaking the letter will be punished in the same way.","approval"
"free XP*","neutral"
"Maybe one is bigger than the other, so getting more t-time?","confusion"
"Literally never in my life. But I’m only 19 so like","neutral"
"You'll all be getting coal this Christmas!","neutral"
"This happens to me a lot. I'll also sing the same phrase over and over.","neutral"
"Was not one of those players, still want to go back to the MW2 days. Totally would if I still had my PS3 :/","sadness"
"Oh perfect- I am surrounded by [RELIGION] and they LOVE those kinds of “parties”","joy"
"He's just a money grabbing midget","neutral"
"I partly disagree. In an argument that stupid, whoever writes more text than the other person is inevitably the bigger moron.","disapproval"
"Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!","annoyance"
"I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.","disgust"
"This franchise has been breaking my heart longer than you've been alive. Awesome.","admiration"
"oof ok. shawn is pretty hot but I'm still tom dude imo","approval"
"So, a kid?","curiosity"
"And unfortunately there's no legal way for us to withhold our tax dollars to demonstrate the effect.","neutral"
"this needs more upvotes","optimism"
"Of course it was a huge hit for him. I hate people","anger"
"I dislike [NAME] more and more. Big ego and small feet.","disapproval"
"My favorite pairing now is [NAME] and [NAME]. There's nothing else good. Of course I Like [NAME] and [NAME] too but I miss [NAME] so much","love"
"Why is that insane? What specifically?","neutral"
"I agree.","approval"
"I can’t work, wish I could. Worked hard my whole life and lost literally everything a few years ago. 20 years down the drain.","approval"
"What do you mean by verified transactions?","confusion"
" Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out. ","anger"
"No it takes at least 14 days and if she’s had her period it’s very unlikely she was pregnant before NYE","neutral"
"Yeeeaaaah, move out and keep showing off the clam.","neutral"
"I was wrong so I'm just going to pretend I don't care.","disapproval"
"Like I said you are right about everything. don't call 911 ever they aren't showing up unless you have a credit card. good luck","approval"
"That’s one big-ass bath candle.","surprise"
"Do not send money by Western Union to anyone in China. It's 99.9% scam.","neutral"
"[NAME]? I'd be surprised if he plays.","curiosity"
"Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like "why it's fun" but like I just want to find love ","love"
"I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks","neutral"
"Cheers, cheers_im_drunk_bot.!","joy"
"Build a wall? /jk","neutral"
"One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy. ","joy"
"Nothing has come close to it well except for GOT.","realization"
"May [NAME] bless and keep the President... far away from us!","desire"
"I would of gone to the doctor way before that","realization"
"[NAME] is back. So erect.","neutral"
"I'm so very sorry, ill say 10x [NAME] and Russia forever prayers before I go to bed","neutral"
"Maybe [NAME] needs to have a Big Mac meal and relax.","relief"
"Tinder is mostly for fucking not a LTR. Men also do this.","approval"
"Thanks for the P.S","gratitude"
"If guys like that are your only option, you may be better off single...","caring"
"I feel your pain. Sitting here wallowing in self pity and anger at how I let myself go!","sadness"
"We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.","optimism"
"I felt my heart drop. [NAME].","fear"
"Oh sorry I gotcha","gratitude"
"I went to the avenues once. I was murdered twice in one day and they stole my grandma's jewellery from her grave in Minnesota!","approval"
"Fund this man. Even if it doesn’t pan out it’s worth finding out.","realization"
"That would be nice","desire"
"[NAME] loves her kids.","neutral"
"Battle of Boulogne (1940)","neutral"
"Well he's a mod here, so he can get away with this shit.","neutral"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** aerosvision! ^(hug)","excitement"
"Tori beats Black Beard, without a doubt. They also give you these weird fingertip-covers to eat the chicken so you don’t feel sticky.","caring"
"Do math and drive. I cook. Ain't much else to tell.","approval"
"She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.","disapproval"
"Will forever be burned into my brain! Will never forget the feeling just please not 2 cycles in a row 🙏🏻","annoyance"
"Wow, you people...","excitement"
"great pass wiggins","admiration"
"If anyone deserves one...","neutral"
"It looks like Marvin the Martian's ship. I'm still geeked as hell though. Also glad they provided a space suit for scale.","joy"
"Wasn't getting anywhere to begin with, might as well have some toxic fun with it.","amusement"
"If you drop your toy gun and someone picks it up and points it at you, you're not going to be threatened by it.","caring"
"This sub is very very bad at irony","disapproval"
"Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!","neutral"
"I've recently figured out I'm the perfect mix of smart ass and sweet, the ladies love it.","admiration"
"Hahahahhahhaha!!! Thats the right wing in a nutshell.....","approval"
"Wiggins and towns pick and roll use it more","neutral"
"I swear every wraith I went against camped.","neutral"
"Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.","optimism"
"Condoms protect against most STDs.","approval"
"Yea but that doesnt mean he hates them /s","neutral"
"Let's be honest here if [NAME] played last night the Canucks win. This defense is a major concern and needs a complete overhaul this offseason.","neutral"
"This is completely false.","neutral"
"Keep us updated.","neutral"
"You forgot shinobi","neutral"
"That uncle was awesome.","admiration"
"I really hope she wasn’t trafficked. It’s more prevalent in the US than a lot of people realize :(","desire"
"Watching her wardrobe/closet tour video. It’s hilarious.","amusement"
"I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar","neutral"
"It’s pretty cringe","fear"
"I wonder if the formal letter from the psychiatrist will help if cops just decide to shoot her first :(","surprise"
"Counter's clean, you're welcome!","gratitude"
"I literally said I turned my media up all the way, kEeP tRyInG.","neutral"
"I think I got gout from watching this.","neutral"
"I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.","embarrassment"
"That's really interesting. Thank you for the information. It's just hard to imagine lives you'll never live.","gratitude"
"That’s so drastic. Just hide it by parting your hair on the other side for 2 weeks till the gap’s not so visible.","caring"
"If guys like that are your only option, you may be better off single...","neutral"
"Bless u x","neutral"
"She looks so pretty in that photo.","admiration"
"Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.","desire"
"Shut the fuck up, loser.","anger"
"Right? Remember when she requested evidence of pill testing being successful? Then the stats came in from Canberra. #calledyourbluff","approval"
"Alright stop.","anger"
"She's not even that pale that dude's cummies are just translucent. She gotta find a man with mayo cummies","neutral"
"I'm glad you got the help you needed. Sorry we couldn't help you here.","caring"
"I’m sorry to inform you, it’s worse. ","sadness"
"Same thing as well! I don't know what is happening.","neutral"
"You're an idiot and no one believes you and your telegram jerk-off buddies.","annoyance"
"The world is a big place, there’s always someone.","optimism"
"As if any of those words mean anything other than "give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"","embarrassment"
"Not at all,I've got friends I never did anything with","neutral"
"Idk if I want [NAME] back but I agree with [NAME] ONLY if he keeps playing at this level by the end of he season.","approval"
"our enemy, the state ","anger"
"I dunno. Backhanded compliments in girl world are like professional sports.","admiration"
"[NAME]! congratulations! and may [NAME] help you more!","gratitude"
"The tone is damning","neutral"
"I had this :","neutral"
"Thank you so much. It means a lot to me and I really appreciate it","admiration"
""I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."","love"
"How many times did you end up shouting "Bingo!"","neutral"
"Please don’t marry this man-child.","annoyance"
"Here puffing on the crack pipe isn’t a conservative value, kind of excludes you from this wonderful utopia you speak of. ","disapproval"
"america is pretty much the least class-conscious country in the world so it shouldnt be a surprise. everyone thinks that one day theyll be management so its cool","relief"
"There was an article about it in E news. I pray for everyone, no one is above that or below that. ","caring"
"Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!","optimism"
"He is a moron.","neutral"
"Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry","amusement"
"No idea but as of last year there was a cat that liked to hang out there. Hope he’s okay ❤️","love"
"This is true, but For THIS situation, it's time to take notes on the situation and do better on the next one. She deserves better.","caring"
"I love this drink.GIF","love"
"Well this is inappropriate","disapproval"
"omg, poor little bean ","sadness"
"Damn it, karen","neutral"
"I wouldn't announce that they are LuLaRoe.","optimism"
"OMG, is this the one that wore white? 😳","curiosity"
"Lol, talk about a blast from the past! Your comment really doesn’t solidify any points. ","amusement"
"You would though wouldn't you, its not as if he was worth keeping around, disposable DA,","neutral"
"He’s still alive so far. [NAME] is going to check on him.","relief"
"Pretty much every Punjabi dude I've met.","admiration"
"MY DADDY SAID THE CIVIL WAR WUZ ABAOT STATE RIGHTS AND HE'S THA BEST BROTHUR I EVER HAD","admiration"
"can’t be fake. the woman in the background is reacting to his cool trick /s","realization"
"Man lucky guy i just wish it could have been me. I could do the same but different of course. Let me Know","optimism"
"I think you two are obligated to go to bed together now.","grief"
"[NAME] is a fucking STAR","admiration"
"Nah man. I just changed my mind. I've gotten pms from here before lol.","amusement"
"she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has "anxiety caused by other people" ","neutral"
"Seriously?! These [NAME] have no common decency or respect for others suffering!","annoyance"
"Eh, we all pay for sex one way or another. More power to you.","approval"
"Something being blatant doesn't mean another action isn't as blatant.","disapproval"
">Federal minimum wage should be closer to $5 That's a horrifying thought.","remorse"
"Keep rebuilding. That’s all we can do","realization"
"Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something","neutral"
"Try painting a penis around the pothole. Seems to have worked in Manchester","annoyance"
"Yeah because streaming services don’t pay their artists well enough","approval"
"The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.","neutral"
"Blind kid throes better first pitch than [NAME]","neutral"
"Human nature also leads us to greed, violence and aggression. Natural doesn’t equal good. Cancer is natural.","approval"
"I'm a doctor. The doctor examining him with severe back pain after an injury should test for sensibility, muscle strength, and reflexes at least.","neutral"
"It will only get worse over time. Do what I didn’t. Run.","remorse"
"Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep. ","disappointment"
"Those scars look fairly recent. Just remember no matter what there are people who love you and will support you unconditionally!","approval"
"Weird question, have they tried his Kentucky office or where ever he goes when Congress isn't in session , maybe he fled the capital?","neutral"
"How do they know how tall you are while your sitting in your car. Such bullshit.","amusement"
"Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions, let's try to not resort to name calling no matter how much we disagree","neutral"
">No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.","admiration"
"I wouldn't even call this a CB, she wasn't offered anything and turned it down. Still sad, though. ","disapproval"
"Oh wow. Thanks! So this person was going for that.","gratitude"
"I'm glad for that. Once that check comes in, I only have about $3000 to work with.","approval"
"But I do I still love him and he still loves me but he says im too immature","love"
"*looks at YouTube comments sections* Um. I'm not so sure.","confusion"
"I couldn’t ever get into Morrowind, unfortunately. Oblivion spoiled me with its quality-of-life improvements over the predecessor. ","remorse"
"They made this exact post like a month ago, ","neutral"
"It’s cool lol, no hard feelings","amusement"
"This just made me feel so much better about myself :)","approval"
"You mean not enough","neutral"
"Any other reasonably priced recommendation?","neutral"
"*every single* patch","neutral"
"Well you find a love for glue, cat food and whoores you life is gonna go places. ","neutral"
""IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"","neutral"
"Question for [NAME] the incentive to work hard?","curiosity"
"I wish to be apart of them one day","curiosity"
"> whatever happened to MK9's revealing style? Female characters started getting treated as actual characters and not just strictly fanservice mannequins.","neutral"
"Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .","disapproval"
"[NAME] what do you do with his underwEAR","curiosity"
"Its one thing to LOSE a debate, its another to be disqualified for wrong think. ","confusion"
"When you open Boost for Reddit in dark mode and you're greeted with this post","neutral"
"What is it that you are posting twice all over the internet again?","curiosity"
"It is litterally happening under your eyes.","neutral"
"Ive gone through very similar things...i completely understand. Praying wont do much, seek a therapist to talk about things","disappointment"
"Damn this was deep. Hope the best for you and you could really turn this into a short story or something of the such.","disappointment"
"I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.","joy"
"I’m doing married. Sorry.","approval"
"I was mocking the original thread that this was taken from. Like I've said over and over through this comment thread.","annoyance"
"I’m glad to see [NAME] finally get the big screen presence they deserve.","admiration"
"Interesting... is it a felony in certain jurisdictions?","neutral"
"I’m sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol","amusement"
"Oh my gosh she opens her gullet like a freaking pelican!!!","surprise"
"That’s beautiful","admiration"
"That partially explains why season 4 was such a fucking mess","disappointment"
"This is a great idea. I'd even figure out where my printer ended up after I moved and set it up for this.","admiration"
"Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!","neutral"
"the act of defecation on face","neutral"
"This is hilarious if you read it in [NAME] voice","amusement"
".... You do realize they will eventually hit a glass ceiling since that's unsustainable.","disapproval"
"Funny thing is, I got mine today. Maybe it'll stop tonight?","amusement"
"I'm guessing this talk will be gated behind the expo pass at GDC. Do these become (legitimately) publicly available after the event?","confusion"
"luckily i do not have mixxed cycles myself... rapid cycling, sure, not mixed episodes though. sending hope your way!!","optimism"
"Omg yes feels like being new born.","approval"
"Sounds like a great start to 2019! Congrats and good vibes to you💜","admiration"
">Ultimate 12 Inch *notices bulge* *OwO what's this?*","neutral"
"Before he was riding a Bronco he was riding your mom.","realization"
"No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol","amusement"
"While I don't wish anyone death or even harm, I also wouldn't mourn his death.","fear"
"Narcissistic people sometimes convince family members of that. It's a form of controlling people who would otherwise leave.","neutral"
"Check out [NAME], he's like the [NAME] of dissosiatives. ","neutral"
"I don’t think spurs gonna sell one of them main player to a rival like that. Not for this little.","optimism"
"At that point [NAME] was no longer a virgin! No seriously, ask [NAME]! ","confusion"
"my MIL warned my 33 year old husband about a lost bay leaf in a batch of soup she made because she didnt want him to choke on it.","neutral"
"This is perfect","approval"
"Well, you know what they say..... ....I can't think of any witty comment to say about that.","annoyance"
"Its had enough of this life and ending it all.","neutral"
"Because I was a fan through all of those NFCCG losses...","remorse"
"I have but she wont listen.","caring"
"STOP GETTING BEAT WHEN YOU HAVE THE ADVANTAGE!","approval"
"Hmm, I understand your frustration then","neutral"
"I laughed at this harder than I'd expected to. Also, joke's on them when those turds freeze solid like everything else in the Midwest rn.","amusement"
"I love this and you","love"
"Idk what's so unrealistic about it. [NAME] is probably just as close to [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] are.","confusion"
">Will continue if anyone wants to read more. We are not, therefore please do not","disapproval"
"Take the child from them! Wtf? Theyre so dumb. You always secure the kids seat!","anger"
"I just want to know how he got all that ice out of his bin","curiosity"
"[NAME] too busy picking his nose with his tongue to pick up that shitty pass?","neutral"
"thanks for sharing.","gratitude"
"Just about to say this!","neutral"
"Moose is pretty underwhelming tonight, I miss JV","disappointment"
"Sorry im a french guy","sadness"
"Ive read his and [NAME] further response and feel curious on the GoFundMe creator's authenticity butnthats just me, yay for positivity","curiosity"
"It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.","sadness"
"That sounds awful )-: I'm so grateful that my parents and therapist want to let me figure this out with minimal "supervision"","pride"
"Realistically speaking, if they were on a VGBC channel, [NAME] would give them a nickname whenever they were on stream, and that would eventually catch on.","neutral"
"Honestly not mad at that lineup at all. Let's make it happen VH1!","optimism"
"Congrats on being clean, and having a great team mate! ","admiration"
"Disinfected or sanitized maybe. No way an entire exam table is sterilized.","disapproval"
"Sorry, it’s just my absolute favorite thing ","admiration"
"I cringed so hard my vagina fell out.","excitement"
"Glad you're rid of me? Pretty obviously breaking the sub rules there.","disappointment"
"👻 Windows 10 checking in.","neutral"
"But you might not be special for them. You can't make someone love you.","love"
"Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible. ","fear"
"Huh, and all these years I’d been *assured* “nobody” was coming to take my guns. Its like they been lying the entire time.","disappointment"
"he's clearly not equipped to argue, i can't decide if he's a dumbass teenager or a dumbass boomer. ","annoyance"
"This is why I could never work in construction","disapproval"
"[NAME] for reasons of his ACL. Although, assuming everyone on the list was fit to play, I'll say [NAME].","approval"
"Okay. Then what does "anti-imperialism" mean to you? ","curiosity"
"I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar","desire"
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, "Sorry."","gratitude"
"There is nothing more statist than socialized and compulsory education. They subsist on violence and perpetuate violence. These people are the clergy of the state.","neutral"
"Np! Good luck!!","admiration"
"I need a woman like this in my life","desire"
"It looks a little like the nubbin you see on some amputated arms. Right?","neutral"
"I really don’t think that was racist honestly. He literally told you everyone matters regardless of color..?","approval"
"You have more patience than I do.","admiration"
"Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.","disgust"
"Because [NAME] is a man child who can’t stand up to his mother","neutral"
"Don't include me in this us! Just kidding.. We need some love and fast.","joy"
"Great, petty revenge instead of making your GF happy by removing [NAME] from her life, nice job!","admiration"
"[NAME] still got a little pop tho for calling for the match. Makes me smile that the crowd still loves her.","love"
"Yeehaw! It's time for a hoedown!!!!","joy"
"I guess the caveat is that is a world championship offyear where not all players are available due to playoffs","disappointment"
"I live in Baltimore and heard she will have an office out of here. Any details on how I can volunteer for her campaign?","curiosity"
"Everyone’s ageing on here like the milk my flatmate left on the kitchen counter over the holidays","annoyance"
"I went skiing in another state and ran into a gaggle of students. Distance guarantees nothing.","neutral"
"It's a Mercedes. Take it in for an oil change, and it's an enormous bill.","neutral"
"Wow dude.. *furious notetaking* ..*any* kid??","curiosity"
"You don't picture [NAME]?","neutral"
"Claim taken roles","neutral"
"That's brutal. Hope they win to make it worth your while.","fear"
"when only rich people got elected and passed laws...","annoyance"
"Bruh I don’t even have an IRA anymore all of my money is in silver, platinum, and stock options. TRUST NOBODY","disappointment"
"So happy the new rules weren't in place back then. All those hard hits on [NAME] would have made the refs flag-happy","joy"
"your joke sucks","neutral"
"I was more interested in seeing if anyone had quotes from him saying one way or another","neutral"
"Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!","excitement"
"It really is a just lean back and watch things improve on their own situation.","neutral"
"Still pretty embarrasing though :p","embarrassment"
"First [NAME], now [NAME]. Stop the conks. Please. ","disapproval"
"Now this is oddly specific","annoyance"
"Have a great weekend","optimism"
"You are an awesome person","admiration"
"Was impressed til I saw you main [NAME]","admiration"
"We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.","disapproval"
"I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.","sadness"
"The uncanny valley of creepy.","neutral"
"I still play","approval"
"That sub sounds boring as fuck.","annoyance"
"Thank fuck they died... I mean rip, so sad 💭🙏","gratitude"
"Mr. Krabs?","curiosity"
"no its not lmao","amusement"
"Well, that's kind of a silly metaphor considering how wildly different our political positions are.","desire"
"She said she was ok moving out ... now she isn’t. I have no idea.","confusion"
"Yeah that is definitely tough on the processor as it's running a software emulator and the game the whole time","approval"
"That’s good but why would you waste your time on a crappy team?","admiration"
"Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.","annoyance"
"While that is cute-try to do critical thinking while u are reading. Prove your god exsists-let him smite me. That mighty smiter.","neutral"
"Thats pitty indeed","approval"
"So then what do I do? Should I tell priests? Will they kick me out?","curiosity"
"That thing is rather thin , it wouldn't be a big problem to tap-swallow it","neutral"
"I feel like the last two seasons made me detach from the show.","realization"
"I don't know how you get over the survivor's guilt after something like that.","curiosity"
"Great reply as usual","admiration"
"Well, I'm extremely attractive and just got laid, so no...","disapproval"
"I didn’t notice till the replay and honestly, I screamed","disappointment"
"Hey it’s not bad though! Quick recovery, just follow their rules! Good luck!","admiration"
"Also Republicanism is a belief system. It's taught and handed down like religion. Conservative talk radio is its evangelism.","approval"
"Keep doing this with your meals until you have some part of your dish that was originally cooked a few months ago","neutral"
"No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.","neutral"
"Yeah imagine if he had been as efficient as the beginning of the season. We would have at least 2 more.","disappointment"
"I think its hilarious that you can't seem to understand the joke of the headline.","amusement"
"They claim religious persecution and no lawmaker would want to deal with that can of worms.","neutral"
"I used to hate them too, but since vikendi I’ve gotten pretty used to them ","annoyance"
"> I also could care less Back to school, again.","annoyance"
"Soon to be the 5th best prospect.","neutral"
"I believe he means he was a very pretty child to become otherwise after puberty...","admiration"
"Thank you, I love Heart and Zeppelin and haven't seen that till now.","gratitude"
"Ha, I thought it was about [NAME]. ","neutral"
"I didn’t know [NAME] disliked Pittsburgh so much","surprise"
"I'm not worthy to watch this haha","disapproval"
"Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.","anger"
"Wow this team has no clue what to do against this right now. There has to be 15 turnovers already.","excitement"
"Maybe it's similar to how [NAME] hates cantaloupe.","neutral"
"No words required :)","disapproval"
"Holy shit. Amazing response.","admiration"
"I have, and now that you mention it, I think that's what triggered my nostalgia. ","neutral"
"Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.","annoyance"
"It burns...","neutral"
"Emotional roller coaster","neutral"
"I mean, I know you are being sarcastic, but your words are too accurate for something a supporter would actually say ","confusion"
"More like the in-law that nobody likes.","neutral"
"I’ll try to follow your advice. Thank you very much for your kind answer and your prayer. I’ll pray for you too.","gratitude"
"You love your joke!","amusement"
"i can't believe i havent seen this before. well i was going to watch nosferatu tonight but change of plan","approval"
"I love lighthouses","love"
"I guess nobody cares about what you want.","neutral"
"And how often do you hear about feminists fighting for these women’s rights? Never. Feminists are cowards.","disapproval"
"I mean hands down Rhine passed out behind the wheel with his freak bride riding shot gun","disapproval"
"At the time it was a steal, and all the players we traded have basically been worst case scenario for the A's.","disapproval"
"It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America. ","annoyance"
"Most boring girl I ever went on a date with was covered in tattoos and piercings, and worked at a piercing parlor. ","disapproval"
"you seem like the kind of person i’d like to be best friends with! :)","approval"
"This is a guide to all major religions and their stance on vaccines.","caring"
"This sub has over 350k subscribers. How are there this many of us who enjoy this torture.","curiosity"
"This guy has the charisma and sex appeal of overcooked noodles.","admiration"
"Lmao at this point she’ll probably deliver Teddy/Owen’s baby.","amusement"
"I feel this. For me since I’m using those gamethreads to let out frustration but realistically I know we need to keep patient in this re-rebuild","neutral"
"Celtic das really are a different breed. If this is how they react to one loss, our next title is going to be fun.","optimism"
"There are definitely real women like that.","neutral"
"Me too!!!","neutral"
"Cool story bro.","admiration"
"I can't wait for the r/hockey GDT with the saltiest fanbase in Reddit. I think I'm just gonna stick to our sub tonight.","excitement"
"Please be my guess :)","neutral"
"Yes she was, but I'm here now. ","neutral"
"Thanks for this.😊 I like to learn new things. #experiencematters **Themoreyouknow**🌈 ","desire"
"What? I feel like temps shouldnt be in for 6 months","neutral"
"Such pretty kitties!","admiration"
"Why do you keep failing? Is there a particular part you can practice on, or just nerves?","neutral"
"It’s a nice basket.","admiration"
"so cute","admiration"
"KIA is mad at a guy streaming for a charity that they don't like?","neutral"
"This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan","approval"
"Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.","disgust"
"It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet","annoyance"
"That's one of the reasons why I'm wary 😂","realization"
"FYI she’s probably cheating on someone, so didn’t want to post pics. ","annoyance"
"I had a friend send me a 3+ hour paranoid conspiracy documentary, zeitgeist I think it was called... Wasted 10 minutes before I noped the fuck out..","neutral"
"Ugh can you imagine marrying into one of these families?","curiosity"
"It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.","love"
"I apologize. Wasn’t aware but thanks for letting me know.","gratitude"
"I agree it seemed very odd the whole live stream...","approval"
"Thanks! We had fun.","gratitude"
"No. You are not.","disapproval"
"Terrible shade of lipstick she's wearing...","disgust"
"Land of free, home of the brave, everyone. ","admiration"
"you too good sir","neutral"
"Kayaking on a hot summer's day with just enough of a breeze to rock you with the waves. I can almost fall asleep out there.","neutral"
"Flirt so much that it sinks in, or just ask him "Is this a date?" <--- Also a prelude to flirting.","neutral"
"Yes, that might be a good thing","approval"
"Awesome, thank you! :)","admiration"
"Best summary of the situation right here.","admiration"
"Umm did you see the guy? Serious question. He looks like he gets into fights at the bar","confusion"
"You do right, if you don't care then fuck 'em!","anger"
"True. I'm just glad I didn't have to go through my high school years we the her...","gratitude"
"Im not looking to be forgiven lol. I still stand by what i said. Pll only read half my comment and ran with it","amusement"
"Nothing better to do with their time, I guess?","realization"
"Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.","approval"
"So I've just read your whole post. Wow. Your mum is a piece of work.","admiration"
"Am love u","love"
"[NAME] gets a lot of unfair criticism. [NAME], too","annoyance"
"My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.","remorse"
"What’s the issue with [NAME]? I think he’s been good off the bench this season .","disappointment"
"dude, you need a some sun on those damn things you call legs. ","neutral"
"A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts. ","curiosity"
"Not a perfect game with the error","disapproval"
"Guy looks like average [NAME] at the gym. Reddit acts like he the new anabolic king 😂 I will go back to my cave now.","optimism"
"I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.","fear"
"I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.","love"
"We'll get em next time, Fox.","approval"
"As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.","caring"
"Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.","approval"
"At least the repulsive sex scenes are helping me maintain my diet","neutral"
"Interesting, thanks!","gratitude"
"The meth pipe is the icing on top","neutral"
"Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have a wonderful day! -HappyFriendlyBot","optimism"
"We have 9 home games which is awesome.","admiration"
"Victim victim victim. From your comments I can tell you think the world is out to get you.","realization"
"And for those who may not be aware, you may be even more infuriated to know that [NAME] is [NAME] son,","anger"
"This was legit the first thought that came to me when I saw them there at the podium","approval"
"Omg, your screen name made me lol!!","amusement"
"Yes absolutely extreme levels of anxiety reaching the sheer terror phase tbh. People have no idea what I go through","neutral"
"Wow - never seen negative karma before I clicked on your name lol.","approval"
"That’s literally the stupidest thing ever If you think that what is stopping it to be applied to more than just bi-sexuality Seems a bit self destructive","annoyance"
"Happy birthday 🎂!!","excitement"
"That sub lost it's way a long time ago","disappointment"
"I'm going to try and have this mindset ... I wanna eat slower","neutral"
"Thanks for checking it out man. I was definitely gonna add that song right when it came out, [NAME] is awesome","neutral"
"Good luck!","caring"
"[NAME] sure are afraid of brown women.","fear"
"Yeah guys assume 95% of attractive girls are taken OR have a bunch of guys hitting on them online.","excitement"
"RemindMe! 3 months","neutral"
"... [NAME] derangement syndrome sufferer spotted. What drivel you crazy lunatics say... The lies and falsehoods along with the out of place fearmongering is getting really annoying...","annoyance"
"Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives","neutral"
"It's not murder if he wants to die, it's euthanasia. She doesn't necessarily have to be the one to do it. ","realization"
"Fidget spinners are cool again","excitement"
"This is one of the dumbest things I’ve read on reddit this year.","neutral"
"Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.","admiration"
"Was waiting for a mirror to get clipped. Give this person the gold medal already!","neutral"
"But would the flashing swastikas be unexpected, if you already predicted them?","curiosity"
"I mean, OP is consenting and asking for it, it's better to let them be","approval"
"Something is eating this poor redditor and I don’t think it’s the injustice of society at large to accept face tattoos.","curiosity"
"The only thing I know is that none of us don't know anything","realization"
"Best bedtime Christmas story ever.","approval"
"That’s horrible. What country? If you don’t mind. My [NAME] was abused by her heavily religious (Pentecostal) father.","embarrassment"
"I love you too, no homo.","love"
"Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P","neutral"
"The douche is strong with this one.","neutral"
"I like this man.","love"
"I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now","realization"
"It’s also dangerous to be riding a motorcycle waiting behind a stationary car if another car isn’t paying attention and slams into you.","grief"
"That they will always love me despite how erratic I am and that they will always care about me, even if I haven't seen them in years.","approval"
"What about the small percentage that would?","curiosity"
"Walking into Chick Fil A feels like walking into a church. No thanks. I will forever see them as a bigoted organization.","admiration"
"Fuck off.","anger"
"Oh you mean the time when the world was controlled by individual land owners who created their own states","neutral"
"Me whenever I wear heels lol I literally look around to make sure no one is watching then proceed to do my penguin like walk 😂","amusement"
"Oh sorry I gotcha","realization"
"Try Yakuza 0.","neutral"
"dang, [NAME] with 4 and hes only 30! ","neutral"
"Whatever you do, respect the kids' genders.","caring"
"Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP ","gratitude"
"You give me too much credit... That comment is as trash as the meme","disgust"
"Damn. Moving like that in those heels is impressive.","admiration"
"I meant from when I was a kid and teen. Sorry.","embarrassment"
"Lol I do the same. Sometimes it gets stuck in my head for days.","amusement"
"Really? In real life, she's wearing comfortable clothes with no makeup. Other than that she looks the same.","neutral"
"Strange how it's funny until your mate's getting his arse handed to him.","amusement"
"Please provide a source, as far as I know our DND said they found nothing of the ","optimism"
"then explain to me why everytime I post reply to u/955bsp, in an old post, you start spamming me","anger"
"Went to their other location in Capitol Reef National Park and it was fantastic. The cauliflower dough is great even if you're not into gluten-frei.","joy"
"Having high empathy is great, but I'm still trying to figure out what to do with it.","curiosity"
"Humans are weird creatures","surprise"
"I would make that face too if I just realized I was HC of the New York Jets","realization"
"He could have spent way less money on backpage when it was still around or Craigslist...would have gotten around the same quality or better too.","desire"
"Bee happy! ' v')","caring"
"Penis who, now?","neutral"
"I definitely wouldn’t do a role change at the tournament but definitely when they get home. I should’ve clarified that sry.","realization"
"Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff","disgust"
"If you are feeding your two year old 1200 calories then you are fattening them up for the stew lady.","approval"
"This is garbage. No. My garbage has more compositional worth than this. Hipster pepto bismol vomit looking trash.","annoyance"
"My opinion is that anyone smart enough would simply not work for [NAME] in the first place.","annoyance"
"Pls come back","neutral"
"Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show","annoyance"
"I wish my mom was catgirl savvy.","desire"
"Jurassic world fallen kingdom was awful after they left the island","disgust"
"So what should I do?? I’ve been dating her for eight years and am confused on what to do please help me.","confusion"
"Eastern suburbs, the mullet never went out of fashion.","realization"
"Pretty and sweet? BURN HER ALIVE!! Nothing can detract from their beliefs!","curiosity"
"Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true","disapproval"
"What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.","joy"
"None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.","disappointment"
"I know it's so amazing. Too bad all the people that hate the game haven't thought of giving it a try.","admiration"
"imagine being engaged to someone and then finding out he has been hiding that he is a MLP fan","neutral"
"People that choose to work for NGO's already make far less than their corporate counterparts, do you want them to work for free?","neutral"
"Came here to say exactly this. It's almost the same scene, as if he tried to recreate it","disapproval"
"TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.","anger"
":) thank you!","gratitude"
"I guess I'm just too nice to people and I gotta learn to start sayin no.","optimism"
"#THANK YOU FOR THE RED ARROWS. I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED IT WAS THE TOP COMMENT","gratitude"
"No doubt about that","neutral"
"Fuck off.","anger"
"Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match","embarrassment"
"Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this","confusion"
"I don’t want my tax dollars going to some psycho who thinks he’s a girl trapped in a mans body","disapproval"
"Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!","realization"
"[NAME] is the worst coach in bulls history","disgust"
"Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!","admiration"
"I don’t believe it is part of my credential program. I am going through the IMPACT Program of San Joaquin County Dep of Ed.","disapproval"
"And perfectly perfect.","admiration"
"Prove him wrong.","disapproval"
"And the shit like "like for [NAME], Ignore for satan"","annoyance"
"hay guyz let's all hang around in a chat room about old pictures and masturbate in a circle with smug looks on our carb bloated faces","disappointment"
"[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier","optimism"
"We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.","anger"
"Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off. ","anger"
""I will do what I must."","neutral"
"Alligator eats the bigger number","approval"
"Woah nice. Did you enjoy it or was it a completionist pain? I wish I could get into [NAME] but I just dont find the fun.","disappointment"
"Good, I was hoping I wasn't putting false words in your mouth.","optimism"
"Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.","annoyance"
"He’s your rebound guy. Have fun. But expect little. And certainly don’t expect it to last.","neutral"
"Welcome to the future, kid. Unfortunately your mom isn't coming.","desire"
"Your friend must have had a horrible time writing papers if adjectives like that were off limits","neutral"
"I can only enjoy memes if they have been AI-checked to have never been uploaded to vine or tiktok. Otherwise I can not find it funny.","disappointment"
"[NAME] a drama queen?! Surely you jest./s","approval"
"Chill man, I didn’t see anything concerning [NAME] on here before that’s all.","neutral"
"All that condescension to spell "capitulate" wrong. Shame.","disgust"
"Don't hesitate to do it.","caring"
"I like that idea.","approval"
""okay honey, either this is gonna fix my back problems or we're calling 911"","approval"
"I really don’t want the I told you so moment to ever arrive. 😔","annoyance"
"he'll be hurt next year too","optimism"
"What kind of source has that info but not enough to say what would come back in trade? Meh... I'll ignore this one.","disapproval"
"Worth reading if you worry about","admiration"
"Boosting is when someone else is the biggest ad-hominem yet, because it was in a situation like this.","annoyance"
"Really? In real life, she's wearing comfortable clothes with no makeup. Other than that she looks the same.","admiration"
"Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.","disgust"
"SONNY-TATER!!","neutral"
"LOL that would be way better","amusement"
"I apologise. It looks like you can be charming from time to time, not only today.","remorse"
"If you want BCH to be successful on its on merits you have to vacate this subreddit.","annoyance"
"Oh I went balls to the wall and got SUPER SPECIFIC!!!","pride"
"So even confronted with overwhelming evidence, you doubled down? My man ","neutral"
"[NAME] do not have a profound love of mayo, where did you get that idea?","neutral"
"If your 2 year old son is consciously and deliberately manipulating you then you should take him to get his IQ checked.","neutral"
"Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like "why it's fun" but like I just want to find love ","embarrassment"
"Those charts seem to indicate approximately a net 4000 advantage for [NAME] over the period considered.","neutral"
"Keep practicing until you get real confident","neutral"
"A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.","neutral"
"No, it depends on if they painted it, or wrapped some tape on it for a handle. ","disappointment"
"I'll never understand how people make so many typos in posts that are meant to convey a serious, thoughtful message. ","confusion"
" You'd be surprised how meaningful life is when it actually has a purpose like "survival".","joy"
"[NAME] this makes me feel ancient.","surprise"
"Double the size of mine","neutral"
"Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.","disapproval"
"d'oh, my bad 😔","disappointment"
"In my opinion, there should have never been a canon character... Maybe keeping it a mystery would be the BEST!","caring"
"OMG I’m dying she said carrot!!!!","disappointment"
"Growing up in Chicago this was my life. Pissed he didn’t make it.","neutral"
"The problem I had was them painting the majority of men under this flag and then saying some are changing. Most men are not predators.","neutral"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** yosoyjackiejorpjomp! ^(hug)","neutral"
"Look at her all grown up 😍beautiful.","admiration"
"Well that sucks lmao","admiration"
"Oh mah gawd!!","neutral"
"Or as we like to call them.... HAI-YUN-DAIEEE","love"
"*holy shit* I'm pretty sure the panther thought the same thing","neutral"
"I’ve never heard of this before. That’s awful.","embarrassment"
"And often the failing is in the laws. Having to prove somebody is a danger to you is part of the problem!","neutral"
"I like how people get upset when someone talks about how they like this game. DayZ may be the most triggering game of all time!","excitement"
"Do people really use the phrase "my kid is poorly" to mean sick? The grammar in this post is really bothering me.","disappointment"
"Yow thats gnarly.","surprise"
"Dude looks like someone dipped Ansem into a super mutant vat","neutral"
"Looks like pure tabbaco but great roll !","amusement"
"[NAME] back too please. It's like [NAME] summoning the nazguls to retrieve the ring/stop 10IAR.","approval"
"the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!","neutral"
"You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.","disappointment"
"Victim victim victim. From your comments I can tell you think the world is out to get you.","neutral"
"I've done my part.","neutral"
"People back then just might have had a bad memory and kept forgetting about it.","realization"
"Be glad you don't know the answer.","approval"
"The hairs at the back of your neck; the butterflies in your stomach....","neutral"
"ORANGE MAN BAD GOLD TO THE LEFT","neutral"
"Yes - thanks for this. Have just finally contacted a counsellor after talking about it for years.","gratitude"
"I wish someone would just run [NAME] or [NAME] open ice, it would be worth the penalty ","approval"
"I actually did talk to him. You can see his response to me, I linked to it in a comment. He called me a land whale. ","neutral"
"Wow nice job. how long did it take? My Day is coming soon.","admiration"
"Are 3% of [NAME] really vegan?? That’s fantastic!","admiration"
"She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.","love"
"Sure but you gotta still be attractive. Something tells me that dude in the thread was an unattractive neckbeard.","desire"
"[NAME] you sound like my father, I feel sorry for you","remorse"
"Or you just don't understand what fascism is, the role it plays, and the material conditions that bring it about.","disappointment"
"Thanks for the info! I will definitely try my hardest now that I know what to do. I really appreciate your help.","gratitude"
"well she went to prison for **armed robbery and kidnapping** so after learning this i could hardly give a shit about her","disgust"
"What the hell are you on about now? Those are some weird examples to go with your clarified opinion.","anger"
"Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!","neutral"
"Imagine finding that in your bed","neutral"
"THANK YOU!","gratitude"
"I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits","annoyance"
"> I just don't see how this movie wouldn't get dull after about a half hour. then cut it at 90 min.","disapproval"
"Shoutout to my fellow retail workers stuck working on third shift during New Years","anger"
">Some very special moments are coming...","neutral"
"I remember [NAME] mentioning [NAME] and that was it. I do remember all the [NAME] hype.","neutral"
"And here we see the incel in his natural habitat: an imaginary dream world catered to his vision.","approval"
"This is honestly amazing.","admiration"
"You're a monster!","approval"
"You don’t need Radom sex, you will find a man who will give you what you need. Love,respect,and well.. you know..","disapproval"
"well there's a pretty damning set of pictures there, ace.","admiration"
"Well you're laid up so you can do some hardcore researching.","approval"
"Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy","neutral"
"I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.","sadness"
"US postal service right? Might have something to do with the government shutdown, but I’m not sure.","curiosity"
"Slow motion better than","neutral"
"Let's say for a moment that this was true. How does that get us the truth more often, and more reliably, than science?","neutral"
"Cries in Shinboner Spirit","sadness"
"You can do it but it won’t be easy or fast keep watching craigslist.","disapproval"
"i think [NAME]","curiosity"
"Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.","neutral"
"Who is going to guard [NAME]?","neutral"
"Is that bottom trey filled with beer? If so, how did he acquire them?","curiosity"
"Do you have the link to that ? I would love to hear the story from him","neutral"
"On top of that I just think [NAME] was saying "I know how to evaluate talent."","neutral"
"Taking a float plane is such a amazing experience - highly recommend!","approval"
"Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!","amusement"
"Why would we put a center at SF","curiosity"
"If you want to live the dream, good luck! I won’t change my mind until I get my stolen ETH back from them ","disapproval"
"OwO what's this?","curiosity"
"nsfw exists for a reason tard","neutral"
"I know. Come to us [NAME] and be lulled to sleep by [NAME] and his soft Catalan/Norf London brogue","approval"
"Damn you [NAME]!","disgust"
"I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.","optimism"
"Well then why are some people allowed to talk about strip clubs here and others are not?","confusion"
"Wha? I'd love more background on this.","love"
"it is adorable that you think that","gratitude"
"Imagine [NAME] ever saying this.","neutral"
"Text ain’t a great medium for sarcasm.","neutral"
"neat, thank you!","gratitude"
"No thanks.","gratitude"
"Thanks! Itll take some getting used to for sure but I'm excited to move on.","gratitude"
"You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.","amusement"
"Some things are worse than death. Being a dairy farm cow is one of those.","annoyance"
"Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.","gratitude"
"Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.","annoyance"
"Way to go mama for being so supportive!","approval"
"denying and lying or walking into a minefield what "nice" choices @.@","neutral"
"Are you sincerely saying that [NAME] are bad because they were in the minority?","sadness"
"O no shes gonna go after mandy","disapproval"
"That sentence should be illegal.","disapproval"
"You're telling me you don't get excited when you see a big hit or players drop the gloves?","curiosity"
"I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs","anger"
"No. I am good with it.","excitement"
"You made that up and are projecting your insecurities onto it.","neutral"
"I guess it's fair to say that that's one life ruined.","approval"
"Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗","love"
"I like your colour choices and I can feel your love of the city. Keep up the art! Sending you lots of love and healing.","admiration"
"I will mate. No worries.","relief"
"I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam","remorse"
"Didn’t notice but yeah he probably was in some prison gang that they don’t want shown.","neutral"
"Thank you!!! I'll do this now!!!","gratitude"
"Wow this basically means that 99%of bolliwood movies are basically documentaries! This changes everything!","realization"
"Roger that, I'll see if I have any in store~ Thanks!","gratitude"
"Calm down public school, It’s not that serious ","neutral"
"They are super super awkward.","neutral"
"You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.","approval"
"Not the first time. Won't be the last. Thanks!","gratitude"
"After they put the bullet in it I wouldn't be surprised if it got scaled back even further, considering just how much of the community up and bailed","surprise"
"Who was it saying that [NAME] destroys hooker and broner again","neutral"
"My dad had the same problem in the same fingers thanks Op .I'll share this with my dad.","approval"
"Wow that feels like discrimination against the poor [NAME] kind.","neutral"
"I can respect profiting from morons.","neutral"
"[NAME] shot has been quite frankly terrible tonight, wayy too strong on most of his looks","fear"
"The cop should have just shot his kneecap out.","neutral"
"The numbers are literally in front of you and not interested and zero categories have different votes. I’m genuinely starting to question what’s real anymore","confusion"
"I can hear [NAME] now: "Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"","anger"
"Thanks for your kind words. They made me tear up a bit.","gratitude"
"[NAME] on stand-by. 'Til All Are One!","neutral"
"Thanks bro!","gratitude"
"No income = no pension payments required. Health care, I think is mandatory, but I don’t know the enforcement scheme.","neutral"
"She looks like a televangelist.","admiration"
"Even if no sickness is spread, no one else wants to see or smell that while they are eating. ","disgust"
"Now I'm wondering if [NAME] drinks, and if he's ever been inebriated during one of his deals.","curiosity"
"That is one adorable meow loaf","admiration"
"Been spot on so far.","neutral"
"Nothing. I am much happier off all meds. Been off of meds for 2 years.","approval"
"Only after the initial vote is honored and brexit is implemented.","neutral"
"Good to know you have such a strong opinion on someone you dont know or a situation you know nothing about. Good on you for being so arrogant.","optimism"
"Was stabbed by a pencil when I was younger, can confirm gave me all the knowledge of the universe.","neutral"
"He seemed like he was about to run away and go do some meth.","neutral"
"I’m sorry :(. Lol. For me, after the ending of 3, and Andromeda, I have zero interest in ME.","disappointment"
"oppressed by nature!","embarrassment"
"Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!! ","amusement"
"Text ain’t a great medium for sarcasm.","neutral"
"How comes when Chinese companies help build infrastructure in Germany it's a terrible risk to their sovereignty yet this is fine","curiosity"
"Oh so that’s what you are into huh?","neutral"
"So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !","disappointment"
"lmao she WHAT","neutral"
"Pretty sure [NAME] would punch someone for that.","neutral"
"Sorry I am kind of new to posting here. Didn't even know that existed! Gonna try and move over there.","confusion"
"He burnt out. Give it some time. Other option is he never really cared, but I find that unlikely. Also maybe life just happened.","disappointment"
"Crazy how [NAME] sheds more light on this than Blm. Shame","neutral"
"All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...","admiration"
"One of these vids should end with [NAME].","disapproval"
"I’d love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28","desire"
"I have a great connect for 2c-b","gratitude"
"Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.","joy"
"Lmao that's a funny coincidence","joy"
"She loves to scream "[NAME]" during anal.","love"
"yes, please do I'm worried about her D:","fear"
"I've never read an article that made me experience both disgust and schadenfreude in equal measure like this one has.","disapproval"
"But his parents love him and that's what’s important /s","neutral"
"Too long, you gotta cut along the top of the cargo pockets.","approval"
"just a single point","neutral"
"Ok what other characters is her gameplay similar to?","curiosity"
">He was deeply and utterly insecure, and it was pathetic. He still is. And it still is.","neutral"
"I am so very, very happy at your last sentence. If you understand that, you will be permanently free.","approval"
"Is your PC beefy? It looks like Battlefield god damn","neutral"
"And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.","embarrassment"
"Don't be an asshole","anger"
"so by that logic the right lost its mind about a year ago","neutral"
"I’m jealous.","disappointment"
"It's vodka/tonic time for me buddy! I'm off work!!!! Hope all yaw be safe and have a great night!","excitement"
"This interview has so much gold in it. The Wreck it Ralph bit is my favourite.","admiration"
"Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists","amusement"
"I’m surprised they find toothpaste still","surprise"
"It’s almost def happening and there nothing you can do about it lol","amusement"
"THIS IS TRAUMATISING","sadness"
"So obvious you got downvoted 40 times, ok!","approval"
"As a CPA the part about the tax deduction triggers me more than your cousin trying to sell things to you.","neutral"
"Thanks for the recommendation! Hopefully my Ulta will have some to swatch!","gratitude"
""Don't worry honey, I'm not drunk. ... Of course I'm not cheating on you!"","neutral"
"Why is that a concern? Their not language students nor are they part of an international language program.","confusion"
"I’ll try to follow your advice. Thank you very much for your kind answer and your prayer. I’ll pray for you too.","gratitude"
"No negotiations with terrorists.","approval"
"Sri Lanka gives a 99 year port lease to China? Didn't England have one of those on Hong Kong?","neutral"
"[NAME] is back. So erect.","neutral"
"My gym coach used to make a buch of two pack jokes. This was before [NAME] died so it was alot funnier","amusement"
"No different than people making a big deal about their team winning the super bowl. People find it interesting.","excitement"
"fashion now wont age any better.. thats just the cycle of those things.","realization"
"I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.","approval"
"going to keep that in mind for the next time [NAME]","neutral"
"Do all you can. Really everything is put in perspective, my work seems very unimportant right now. ","disappointment"
"Thanks, I’ll look into it ","gratitude"
"I would never wish for someone to get injured, but an injury needs to happen at the Pro Bowl so they cancel it forever.","sadness"
"this is magnificent","admiration"
"“If something doesn’t affect me, it’s not important”","neutral"
"I love the logic of a better cheaper more reliable service comes along, so let's block the roads and highways that will make people love us LOL","amusement"
"Seriously? Never knew... but yea that would make sense","curiosity"
"All he's getting from that experience is the opportunity to pay a fine to the gubment.","approval"
"No problem. Released today is suppose to be in parenthesis.","neutral"
"Hmm surprised that went on for as long as it did, at some point there must have been some redeeming qualities. ","surprise"
"Lol no.","disapproval"
"It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!","gratitude"
"You have nothing to lose by going to the police now. They may help with the restraining order, shelter, etc.","neutral"
"That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.","surprise"
"They have directly targeted civilians. It's disgusting.","disgust"
"US is of the top oil exporters in the world. 2003 wants it’s talking point back.","admiration"
"Apparently young children have to figure out breathing through their mouth. I forget at what age that typically occurs, but yeah...","confusion"
"wow that is MINT","realization"
"I was talking about you when I said if Idk if your talking about yourself","neutral"
"You probably just have a fashion preference, if you arn't dysphoric about it then you don't have another gender really. ","caring"
"Alright leaving town now. Thanks again. Taking my mom she’s always wanted to go to a game.","desire"
"Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry","remorse"
"Who spends the whole night there? One or two hours max and I’m done","curiosity"
"Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well","nervousness"
"You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does","approval"
"And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.","annoyance"
"Gotta hurry up before the chicken gets there first.","neutral"
"This guy gets it...","approval"
"Could do even better by kicking out anything north of Cambridge or west of Oxford.","desire"
"Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check ","neutral"
"s p o o k y","neutral"
"Unfortunately, this sub is slowly being populated by prequel revisionists and the good-ol-day guys. ","annoyance"
"Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected","neutral"
"I would love to know the Governor'sr's response to that line!","love"
"I'M SHERRIFF JOHN BUNNELL","neutral"
"THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!","annoyance"
"I think it’ll be a flashback","realization"
"For sure. Thank you.","gratitude"
"This reply made me giggle. Sorry you got hit by a moron! Hope your car is repairable!","amusement"
"That can be a perfect gift for a [NAME]. Amazing work !!","admiration"
"I'm pretty sure the armor still shows on the person after you kill them even if it is broken.","neutral"
"And shockz isn’t? And he wouldn’t be too much of a threat for... fuck I forgot who’s on rec honestly","embarrassment"
"I’m guessing this is in response to an advertisement from the shaving company Gillette. missed my chance....”contextttt!”","confusion"
"I ate the PETA idiot who ate a vegan diet and had leftovers of him. He wasn't as tasty as a cow.","neutral"
"Because killing the same mice twice is very tricky","realization"
"Minimalist aesthetic stuff that doesn’t look goofy.","disappointment"
"I honestly don't know but the more attention something gets the less it gets ignored","confusion"
"Neat what she did. Tricked the trickster!","approval"
"I am so looking forward to in 5 years when people will be linking screenshot of all the hate on the frontpage these days and laughing about those heathens.","neutral"
"Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.","surprise"
"Or you know, don’t use your phone during school.","neutral"
"Honestly, I respect [NAME] for doing what he felt was best for business. [NAME] can go fuck himself.","anger"
"Would parking still be free on the weekends?","neutral"
"Stars don’t get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober","amusement"
"Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.","sadness"
"Ok for what it is fake or not this is fucking hilarious lmao","amusement"
"You said you will turn 16 next year, this summer isnt next year","disapproval"
"Way too much fuuuck","neutral"
"THANK YOU!!! I’ve been trying to figure out his name","gratitude"
"Great report! They are correct, it was never a hack.","admiration"
"2 more trae assists pls another 3 would be delightful as well","neutral"
"[NAME] always makes my day when he's yelling at the refs","joy"
"I'm guessing "Corporate Stooge" didn't focus group well.","confusion"
"I am in hysterics. How are these people so serious?","curiosity"
"Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.","annoyance"
"I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.","neutral"
"It’s a joke...","amusement"
"Naw, you're good. They had something else and lost it. Don't feel bad","approval"
"Thanks appreciate it","gratitude"
"The summer of love, hippie, anarchy communism thing kind of fell apart here: ","relief"
"Not all idiots with guns put others in danger. Many just have bad sense with guns. An even smaller percent actually causes damage to people.","disappointment"
"In Rainbow is super amazing album as well.","admiration"
"Nope. No joke. Also happy cake day","joy"
"Well done OP for acting on your words. I hope you have a great day together!","approval"
"I guess nobody cares about what you want.","neutral"
"That's pretty much ALL complaining...","annoyance"
"Complain about it.","neutral"
"Sucks to suck","anger"
"I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.","love"
"Having met [NAME] wife (figuratively)... I reckon [NAME] is a bit of a monster...","admiration"
"Thank you! [NAME] is a character that means a lot to me, and it makes me happy that you like my portrayal of her.","joy"
"OP is going places!","neutral"
"Thank you, it's pretty helpful.","gratitude"
"I have several questions.","confusion"
"No, he's fine. It doesnt compact","neutral"
"gag me (notice the nearly matching wardrobe colors)","excitement"
"Sounds like my kind of place.","relief"
"Nope, if i remember correctly it was a modded gibson les paul, i'm not a guitar player though","neutral"
"Well that is just absurd","disapproval"
"It kind of surprised us how much of a feeling of control it gave us.","surprise"
"SC is still the only game that makes mt entire body overheat to the point of death.","fear"
"Game of the conference season so far and ESPN screws up the stream with only a link to the game in Spanish?","curiosity"
"Thats sexist AF, man boobs are a thing smh my head","neutral"
"I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(","sadness"
"I love this idea","love"
"It's an absurdly racist phrase that these anti-racist activists are very comfortable using for some reason.","neutral"
"i feel like [NAME] doesn't fit with the rest","neutral"
"I know and that made me sad!","neutral"
"My mistake. Didn't see it was already posted. Cheers.","neutral"
"Aw you seem upset, you are obsessed with talking shit about me. This move is indefensible.","embarrassment"
"He looks like a Loony Toons character","admiration"
"Also because someone could then be either "An Asexual" or "A Sexual", and that would be confusing out loud. ","neutral"
"They will get the other. It's all fun and games until they noticed I was friends with a deep trust issues with humans since they were little.","amusement"
"Soft boiled huh?","curiosity"
"Friendly fire dude, I wanted the other criminal ","neutral"
"Correct! Unfortunately, we're looking for a bit more computing experience than knowing what site you're on. Thanks for your interest though.","approval"
"Those sound yummy!","joy"
"Yes, yes you did","admiration"
"I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.","approval"
"Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.","admiration"
"They just did. Check out the sticky post.","neutral"
"Hr is having a big go of “contract the casuals. No new hires”","disappointment"
"Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.","fear"
"Look up the paradox of tolerance and stop crying. Crytpo does not need a hack like JP, no matter what all the incels in the world think.","caring"
"So sorry to hear about your abnormal growth. I'm now green with envy. Are there other celestial gods that can identify with existence?","curiosity"
"That seems pretty rough. If I ask Google for directions from white center to Fiona it’s only an hour by bicycle even.","annoyance"
"These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.","annoyance"
"You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?","confusion"
">"fun" is what you say when you can't give an objective reason something is good. -r/movies Filmé connoisseur","neutral"
"Attention Bajoran Workers: Your videos our now ours.","neutral"
"Yo kiddan bro. You from Detroit?? 🤣🤣","curiosity"
"I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. ","disappointment"
"Yens are worthless. That's like, wait £10? For pants? Jfc you have a point.","neutral"
"Like have an anti interventionist foreign policy.","neutral"
"well we all know what a complex meal sandwiches are! hahaha","amusement"
"[NAME] is not a smart man. Giving a fraud a fucking card. Like wtf","anger"
"[NAME] and [NAME]. Both are really cute in different ways","caring"
"This dude was joking. OP is retarded","neutral"
"I think the real incels are the ones that were willing to buy her yoga pants, most likely her followers.","love"
"Congrats dude! Can you give us a quick tl;dw?","curiosity"
"I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album","love"
"Holy crap OP this is genius! I’ll be doing this from now on as this is a big problem for me, thanks!","admiration"
"Imagine the baby being retarded","sadness"
"Calm down or we need to call the Senate to take further actions.","optimism"
"Hello [NAME], my new friend. ","neutral"
"Saw it. Loved it. Wasn't hating on [NAME] man, was just commenting on what I was watching lol. ","love"
"[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore","nervousness"
"I'd take either without a second thought, in all honesty. Ideally both.","approval"
"Relevant:","neutral"
"Are you able to see a therapist or counselor?","curiosity"
"Dont forget asshat.","neutral"
"There is only one metal that should be sliding down their throats. Ka-chunk!","anger"
"motivated me to get up and pet my boy [NAME]. we don't realize pets are fininte... i hope you find you peace","optimism"
"Harder than you think? Not to be super morbid but uh - if someone wants to truly die, it won’t be a failed attempt.","neutral"
"Thank you. I’m sorry that happened to you.","gratitude"
"Our crust is way too active for that.","neutral"
"It's my monthly luxury. I don't go to Starbucks or eat out, I instead go to Disney lol","caring"
"Casual uber ad","neutral"
"My question is for [NAME] and [NAME]: What would be the one piece of advice you would give to aspiring Overwatch coaches?","neutral"
"You and everybody else is free to contribute though. Unlike r/bitcoin where all of us once came from.","neutral"
"Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️","disapproval"
"To try and get him to take off his blindfold the aliens will start invite him on the squat rack with them","neutral"
"Didn’t ruin anything imo. He made one of my favorite films of all time","disapproval"
"I’m 27 and I’m still finding high schoolers who look older then me at times still. I feel your pain","caring"
"Some idiot talks shit to one woman - > SOCIETY shames WOMEN for BEING ALIVE","anger"
"“I doubt I’m done writing” Kill me","anger"
"This child does not understand the economy","neutral"
"Oh absolutely. No way he should run in 2020. I don't know what alternatives there are though.","confusion"
"April 2018– so this sub is now all about finding the outrage needles in the haystack, eh? ","curiosity"
"nice one! but it‘s a much more underground one I think","admiration"
"Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game","surprise"
"They said [NAME] struggled but he made the all rookie team, this guy clearly didn't go very in depth.","annoyance"
"Why would a pop tart live in a toaster that’s like the most terrifying place for them","curiosity"
"drafting doesn't guarantee position or quality...AND tanking destroys free agency and devalues all the Magic assets for transactions this summer","approval"
"I’m single I’ve had it thrown at me But I’m being more choosey about who I spend my bed with this year","confusion"
"Slowing things down now","neutral"
"She’s the sister of the [NAME] that killed [NAME] brother!","neutral"
"bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor","caring"
"Yeah I have no idea. I’m guessing she meant to ask for someone to “sit” with mama [NAME] in her place?","confusion"
"Nah let's not be those people.","approval"
"black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you. ","neutral"
"Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries","sadness"
"Everyone’s so sensitive about Wigs. People can joke and support him at the same time","neutral"
"how eloquently put","neutral"
"Actually there are some terminals now that let you disable it lmao. Very sad.","sadness"
"Well, that’s the strangest thing I’ve heard all day, I guess I might as well delete this post then","neutral"
"My knees, I had to quit running because they got so bad. Even hiking starts hurting after awhile, especially on long downhills Also glasses and deep voices","disappointment"
"Nazi propaganda","neutral"
"I was getting changed!","neutral"
"Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.","realization"
"One elite run stopper please thanks","gratitude"
"No, he's fine. It doesnt compact","neutral"
"I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans","neutral"
"And? That still doesn’t debate the fact that he’s all about the money?","curiosity"
"I think [NAME] did such a classy exit! Hopefully people don’t give her too much hate. She comes from a good place.","caring"
"I would rather have a educated population in my country, no wonder Canada has to bring in 300k immigrants.","optimism"
"The Colts badly wanted to hire him. He’d get a GM job in a heartbeat if he wanted it.","neutral"
"I'm not going to kill you... But I'm not saving you either","disapproval"
"Why do people procreate, only to bring to earth a clone of themselves that's not attractive in any way. ","confusion"
"Haha, well it sounds like its done too good of a job!","neutral"
"i dunno it just seems like a really dumb thing to do?","neutral"
"The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.","annoyance"
"Sometimes the mouse attacks the snake ! I think you should start dating if he is going to be a asshat.","caring"
"Lawyer up bro and report him!","neutral"
"backstories for all the [NAME] kids, im super curious about it since they announced itll be released","curiosity"
">uploaded sept 20, 2016 >frysuspiciouseyes.jpg","neutral"
"> Still hard Phrasing. O_o Sorry, I couldn't resist.","remorse"
"I’ve legitimately never heard anything about disabled men relying on prostitution, nor have I heard any arguments using disabled men as a rationalization for prostitution.","neutral"
"I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.","disapproval"
"I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.","annoyance"
"I doubt [NAME] could do make up as well as a drag queen. He's not really good at anything.","annoyance"
"I know but for that one moment he was more than that guy who snuck in [NAME] room at night and wore his helmet","confusion"
"I bet he jerks off while holding a gun in his mouth while crying.","sadness"
"Exact same here. I blame the egg nog!","neutral"
"Maybe this will convince them we need mass transit! Haha.","amusement"
"Can’t stand that dwarfism [NAME] she is so cringe","curiosity"
"He’s still a handsome fella, imo. ‍♀️","admiration"
"[NAME] redeemed herself!!","approval"
"Sadly, it ran. :( I hope you're enjoying your trip overseas! :D","disappointment"
"He made no reference to they slogan.","neutral"
"[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.","annoyance"
"Now I guess the question is, were they dipping their brush in their own paint pot, or were they sharing with a friend ?","confusion"
"Ugh. I wish you were wrong.","disappointment"
"what has helped me was to figure out the root cause of the anger and address those feelings rather than hold onto the anger.","anger"
"I’m on mobile and I can see them. Omg it makes me so happy 😂 never noticed if before either. iPhone btw","approval"
"We smart apes","admiration"
"Well, it wasnt by 31.... So im still mad.","neutral"
"Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.","caring"
"Thank you ladies !","gratitude"
"[NAME], he’s who I’m most excited to see develop ","caring"
"That thing is rather thin , it wouldn't be a big problem to tap-swallow it","neutral"
"She going to run once she knows there is no money.","neutral"
"He didn't run off like a deadbeat when he thought the kids were his.","neutral"
""Professionals working OT are compensated for OT". I don't think you understand how salaried professional jobs work. Maybe you should sit this discussion out. ","neutral"
"I’m glad you are here. You got this.","approval"
"For both of us to be done school. To be in a secure spot financially.","neutral"
"[NAME] we support you! Love from Mexico I hope everything works out for you, whatever you decide to do!","caring"
"Omg this is too good.","admiration"
"“Inside sources” really don’t help the story even if this is true","disappointment"
"I Said that’s it’s unrealistic that he take gear !","disappointment"
"The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.","annoyance"
"Weren't the first set of reworks called updated movesets and major balance changes?","confusion"
"If the answer is No, the kid dies. If the answer is yes, the kid also dies","neutral"
"there needs to be a win, fail or something related to alcohol. Theres none; just a girl dancing and you faping:","annoyance"
"Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up","amusement"
"Even silk is something that will chafe the fuck out of your sensitive parts.","neutral"
"I feel you girl","neutral"
"Well done dude! Seriously :) But keep it up, don't lose this momentum.","neutral"
"Of course he gets you, he’s your brother. j/k","approval"
"I would stay away from buying from msL. Just remember that [NAME] looks like [NAME] on there. Trying to make a change :-/","optimism"
"But she still looking like late twenties","realization"
"It pretty obvious why they were filming Can someone link me to a video on here where someone didn't say this?","neutral"
"It turns out he works for [NAME], so maybe your instinctive distrust might not have been the worst first reaction.","confusion"
"Every single time","neutral"
"Careful, it's hot ","caring"
"I'll probably try this one day 😅","optimism"
"But she had to accept it for it to show publicly.","neutral"
"Might be wrong but isn't it [NAME] who wanted gase more than mac","embarrassment"
"Congratulations! Hard work always pays off! :) Hope you enjoy your new job!!","caring"
"Thanks, just bought this!","gratitude"
"The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.","disapproval"
"If you can make a mini portal gun that would be awesome. But nonetheless, great work! ","admiration"
"Thats a move i havent seen before","surprise"
"YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!","anger"
"Homophobic AND racist. Yikes.","neutral"
"So, just a super verbose tone trolling?","confusion"
"Thank [NAME] for the disclaimer you almost tricked me justin","relief"
"Goodbye maga, no ones going to miss you.","amusement"
"Lindt don’t fuck about","anger"
"Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.","approval"
"Poor kitty. All you can do is give her extra treats, playtime and cuddles. ","neutral"
"His definition of a grown man is someone who drinks irresponsibly and then beats people up. GET OUT.","anger"
"[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety","sadness"
"This is a very offseason thing to say","anger"
"To check if someone was home? Someone answers the door, he just plays dumb and asks for directions or something. ","curiosity"
"Incredibly stupid if they are caving to the anti-gun rights lobby! Not like [NAME] are big fans of gas-guzzling monster trucks...","anger"
"I found a shirt hanging on a pants hanger last week, but not even between the clippy parts.","surprise"
"I shave my face. Take that, boys.","annoyance"
"Aight thanks bro for the insight","gratitude"
"That's a curious thought, the science of our worries. Does that fall under psychology? Btw, fun pic on your profile!","amusement"
"Feel free to use as many rhymes as you want, after all you have the final say of your word play.","approval"
"Can't play defence when everything is call and on the other end the Bulls haven't gotten a call since early in the quarter ...","realization"
"Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.","approval"
"Must've been hard to resist, although the joke would've felt flaccid since it hangs so low","realization"
"Sometimes i think i am cringe, but then i see these people and feel a little better","realization"
" You're welcome, I think.","neutral"
"There Probly doing this because we’re for sure gonna tank next year as well","approval"
"Looks like this person just solved the world’s starvation problem. Get a Nobel Prize ready for them!","admiration"
"I would’ve preferred not to be vaxxed as a child, bc then I could’ve died by now","neutral"
"Normally the posts on this subreddit are pretty innocent and vanilla.....yeah not this one I think I’ll pass on “TheDickPill”","neutral"
"i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away","disapproval"
"Got my Crass tattoo in 1987","neutral"
"[NAME] was our only playmaker the past few years.","admiration"
"Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.","annoyance"
"Oh this is that one he posted a while back with the dinosaur and flowers 🤢","neutral"
"I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.","disapproval"
"I borrowed an old wedding dress from a museum. It was a one size fits all kind of dress. Thank goodness!","gratitude"
"What. The. Fresh. Fuck.","surprise"
"Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.","sadness"
"[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.","disappointment"
"Most of them keep it on the down-low, but, yeah, they voted and support [NAME]. Only one of the brother-in-laws didn't vote for him. ","neutral"
"I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes","disapproval"
"Happy birthday and cake day! I hope you find a little bit of joy somewhere in your journey today.","excitement"
"What does all that pill shit they talk about mean anyways? Like what the fuck is a black pill and a red pill?","confusion"
"Now let's sit down, relax, and have a nice cool glass of turnip juice.","relief"
"Thank you, I love Heart and Zeppelin and haven't seen that till now.","gratitude"
"I love this man.","love"
"Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.","disapproval"
"In what ways has [NAME] out-coached [NAME]? I see this all the time and yet never any examples.","neutral"
"Happy birthday!! Lots of love and hugs from a stranger in Hanoi 🤗🤗","excitement"
"Demented feminist ad Literally is just ad saying don’t be a scumbag k","approval"
"Lol what did you type in? Cause I posted this and its entirely mine.","annoyance"
"Everyone is reporting about it on TV. Was cool to see the highlight.","approval"
"My ETL been trying to tell us every box should take us 30 seconds max, and everyone ive asked about that has laughed and called it bullshit","amusement"
"You know what they say, when everyone around you is and asshole, maybe it's you who is the asshole.","annoyance"
"I feel like I know her. Is this Tampa by any chance?","confusion"
"Not from but I lived there for 12 years until very recently","approval"
"It doesn't make you horny it just gives you a boner.","annoyance"
"Welcome back, [NAME]","excitement"
"Fuck knows. They’ve stated both on seperate occasions. The media is all over them.","confusion"
"It's uncanny","surprise"
"Thank you for your advice! I couldn’t agree more.","approval"
"Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.","realization"
"No no! I meant it in a positive way. The emotional rollercoaster of the photo album.","disapproval"
"Try to watch this without crying.","neutral"
"I think you have to predict and dodge almost before the throw, same as [NAME] teleport kick.","confusion"
"Oh no! Poor dude!","disappointment"
"You look the same to me, but I'm happy you had a goal and accomplished it!! You're a cutie !! ","admiration"
"And you didn't read the filler did you?","confusion"
"Sometimes you just have to laugh.","amusement"
"ball just bounced up a bit as [NAME] hit it, unlucky. Need to test [NAME] more, he's really not that great","neutral"
"I mean you got 1.8k upvotes off it so far","neutral"
"Oh good one. It’s insane to think the last three mvps were once on one team","surprise"
"...oh goddamn it, that's in my sales territory.","surprise"
"Now you're appropriating the Bullingdon Club's culture.","neutral"
"Wow, way to be gorgeous as yourself!","admiration"
"Thanks mate.","gratitude"
"Ooooooh I wanna try it now!","desire"
"Lol. My gamer tag is the same as on here if you ever want to squad up and play man","joy"
"Aw [NAME] - she wanted this to be her legacy","neutral"
"> Just because you're white doesn't mean you should try to speak for white people. That's the joke™","annoyance"
"Arrow already did break this trend by having a mostly excellent S5, definitely much better than S3 and S4.","neutral"
"Never heard of high app but will look now!! Thanks for posting peeps!","gratitude"
"r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.","anger"
"No matter what, he won't have to decide until April. Until a GM calls him.","annoyance"
"Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.","gratitude"
"It’s okay bro saints about to beat them 41-3 next week lmao don’t worry","approval"
"Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day","disappointment"
""I shouldn't have done that, it's not the honorable way."","disappointment"
"Yeah, that’s probably what he was trying to say","approval"
"If your partner is so consumed by his addiction that he chose it over you, you know what to do.","caring"
"Stand up for your self once and be really serious it'll stop them","neutral"
"I run medic all day every day.","neutral"
"it's harder for them to do it in person.","neutral"
"Not only Russia will use this technologie.","neutral"
"Now they can say they tried and that the big evil NRA and the GOP foiled their plans to make America safer.","neutral"
"Well if you refer back to my original reply to you that should be clear, really. ","approval"
"I was just joking...","amusement"
"Like the Whitehouse is getting stale the fuck on now.","annoyance"
"That's all good, thanks for commenting.","gratitude"
"Imagine having to pretend you didn't edit your link. The inferiority is dripping off you.","neutral"
"I am removing this post because of sourcing. Read the sidebar.","disapproval"
"Wait what happened??","neutral"
"You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.","approval"
"[NAME] death is just so..... senseless. Why? WHY??? The based gods have forsaken us","grief"
"I used to fantasize about my morning oatmeal. One packet of instant oatmeal. [NAME] dreamed about it.","disappointment"
"I was well expecting the glee with which much of the userbase here would celebrate roadblocks being put up in front of "the other".","neutral"
"So do I, but I don’t want them to be associated with government espionage and other shady shit either.","neutral"
"Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.","neutral"
"Honestly most people don't even drink enough water to come even close to sufficient levels of fluoride","approval"
"No at that point you’re a POS, or just have horrible taste in women lol ","amusement"
"Go away [NAME]....","neutral"
"You need a hug buddy?","neutral"
"Call your attorney general. 615-741-3491","neutral"
"Same. The low cloud is neat, but to me the emptiness of that area of downtown is what's striking.","curiosity"
"there are a lot of heroes who have tricky mechanics, tinker especially for me","neutral"
"Stranger than fiction. Can't even begin to comprehend what that poor [NAME] was going through.","confusion"
"trust me, you do not want to do this. i used to live with 2 party people and it was absolute hell. save yourself now","caring"
"You're clueless if you think you and even 50 other people would protect you against outsiders without the implied threat of the US military being involved.","anger"
"And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.","disappointment"
"he tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like "just sit down festus"","caring"
"Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha","gratitude"
"Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them","fear"
"Snatched her up with the quickness","annoyance"
"Interesting my bodies blurry but I wanna dtW that","curiosity"
"I take it you haven't checked your balances lately...","approval"
"I was considering making a post with the same sort of thing. Good luck with the hunt!","approval"
"I was won against an ultra-hard brexiteer, he tried to hit me with an uppercut but I just teleported behind him.","embarrassment"
"The sad part is that we are not trying to tank","disapproval"
"I do that on my boyfriend too haha, super soft and makes me feel safe! Maybe we are all crazy","amusement"
"I'm just going to do what r/soccer done over Christmas and take it off.","realization"
"Bye, dude.","neutral"
"Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)","approval"
"I'd bet this guy is also one of those people that said "not my president" for 8 years when [NAME] was in office... ","neutral"
"Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.","admiration"
"He could have meant that his girlfriend is pregananant like how couples say "we're pregananant"","neutral"
"I don't think this is bad enough for the police chief to be embarrassed. (He should be, but he won't be)","disapproval"
"Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you","approval"
"Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.","amusement"
"My "three B's" were specifically moderate guys who'll pull support from [NAME]. There's not much overlap between [NAME] base and hers.","caring"
"I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.","approval"
"I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....","disappointment"
"Wrong sub, mane.","neutral"
"I mean, the whole point of this sub is to complain about not having a plate ...","neutral"
"Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!","annoyance"
"I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.","gratitude"
"I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.","joy"
"Don’t I know it! I can’t believe this breading station thing is so enormous.","surprise"
"You shouldn't skip to any scene. This is a masterpiece from start to finish.","admiration"
"We left the church, but it'll probably take awhile for him to unlearn all the bullshit","neutral"
"Print outs?!?!?! You tree killing monster!!!!","neutral"
"The latter is a good description of the last 16yrs of my marriage (now over, thank the gods). ","admiration"
"I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).","joy"
"😂 Well, that's just mean... and I'd probably pick that lock the first time I needed something in there.","neutral"
"Oh no, they down voted me, they canny take patter :'(","disapproval"
"I was kind of rooting for him to get stuck.","neutral"
"Man that sure is one fun kid. He's more fun here than I'll ever be my whole life 😞","neutral"
"He does kinda suck IMO Doesn’t mean Venezuela should be coup’d by the US","neutral"
"Then just tell him to stop it if you don't like it.","caring"
"Oh dear - I can spot a problem with this...","neutral"
"So we got Summer’s model now. Team STRQ flashbacks next volume?","curiosity"
"There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.","anger"
"If my buddy was getting his ass handed to him like this I'd laugh too. Sometimes people just deserve a little ass whoopin.","amusement"
"We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.","admiration"
"it was amazing","admiration"
"I can't help but agree with the headline at the bottom, bright side (the YouTube channel) is annoying.","annoyance"
"No, not sarcastically :) ","disapproval"
"Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...","love"
"I love rock music but I enjoy draft punk too.....*feels bad man*","joy"
"Logic and facts are verboten on that sub. Truly bizarre that people are that sensitive.","neutral"
"Thanks the mental heath team at the hospital were good, I can always check in there, if it’s too much","gratitude"
"Haha yes! Ill do that to my cat all the time. He seeems to appreciate the assist","joy"
"I feel like it's a one big woosh","approval"
"Sometimes we pick the bad option to make a point.","disapproval"
"Looking at that data, it suggests it fills up when the snowpack melts in the summer.","approval"
"Dan cool and rich","excitement"
"Or In my blood by [NAME]😅","neutral"
"But why....specifically?","neutral"
"It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.","annoyance"
"Felt like yesterday when they got married in that barn/bar/bistro. Truly the halcyon days.","joy"
"No problem. If you read it let me know what you think!","neutral"
"I wanted to see him show out over Kemba.","neutral"
"I like spicy, but I have made poppers with mini bell peppers and they came out great. Good to have options","admiration"
"You are not yet worthy to possess this knowledge. Watch the film and you may be rewarded.","approval"
"I REALLY love martini glasses. But not this much.","admiration"
"So. Much. Reality.Can’t. Take. Anymore. Reality. Not. Scripted.One.Bit. 🙃","confusion"
"She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.","nervousness"
"Just tryed choosing beggars. It hasn't taken the bait yet","neutral"
"2 warm days and we all lose our minds? :)","amusement"
"No. She was out of crack and jonesing. That’s what that’s about.","neutral"
"Im kinda hoping some woman flips the coin and posts how secretly poking holes in condoms with sewing needles to get pregnant was the best decision of her life.","optimism"
"I’m pissed wood only knows how to skate in one dimension.","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME].","excitement"
"that hunkish dunked his way into my butt if you catch my drift","neutral"
"WUTS THE ISSUE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON?","curiosity"
"which grind gives you the right to cheat on your girlfriend ? lmao","curiosity"
"Guess it's a good thing he cant feel them anymore","optimism"
"I'm not different than [NAME] secret refusing to sell male clothing.","realization"
"Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.","annoyance"
"And I thought Honda Civics smell bad on the outside!","disgust"
"Same. Thats not the usual flight path out of [NAME]. Really curious how they got this pic.","curiosity"
"Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.","caring"
"If you made it a goal to speak a word to him, then how do you know you are blocked?","caring"
"Well, could be worse. It could be India.","disgust"
"Works great until you sit down and burst the banana open.","admiration"
"I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.","joy"
"* Favourite is [NAME] * Least is [NAME] (excluding [NAME]) * Overrated is [NAME] * Underrated is [NAME]","neutral"
"My favorite gusgasm","admiration"
"Oh nice!","admiration"
"Am I the only one who is glad I saw this meme? I mean I'm officially traumatized, but still.","curiosity"
"So glad you are safe. It looks like icy conditions, too, so that is great that you were able to avoid this.","gratitude"
"Thank you and I try to keep our contact at a minimum.","gratitude"
"I would not be surprised seeing as both picked up [NAME] and the other [NAME].","optimism"
"Seems like you took a hard side in the previous 3 comments. Hypocrite much?","neutral"
"Here did you know that [NAME] slept with 35,000 women. Outrageous.","surprise"
"Not an ulcer (canker sore), like literally a tastebud","approval"
"Thank you; I hope so too.","optimism"
"Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.","gratitude"
"You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?","curiosity"
"Looks a little flaccid there","neutral"
"my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc","annoyance"
"I once described how sometimes my fart bubbles travel up my labia to an ex and he was so grossed out XD","neutral"
"that's nice :)","admiration"
"It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!","love"
"Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster","neutral"
"Well that’s definitely a pallet headed to walmart. Why am I not surprised","annoyance"
"Unless you have actual ADHD lol. But I think this was mostly meant to be funny","amusement"
"[NAME] is going to be jealous of this photo","annoyance"
"Are you in enough of a hurry to get in anyway? (Morbid humor, sorry. That’s really horrific.)","neutral"
"*and, sorry for the spelling mistake","remorse"
"It's just saying symptom severity is linked to amygdala volume.","neutral"
"lol this is nothin. I go on reddit to hear myself be right","amusement"
"This is probably the clearest and most concise explanation I've ever encountered for why authoritarian religions seem to focus on trivial behaviors. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Yes he is. Cling to your safety blanket for now cause momma [NAME] is about to snatch it from you.","neutral"
"Great, thanks :) remember, just let it go!","caring"
"you still didn't answer the point....lol","amusement"
"You're welcome!","admiration"
"No I don't, but I'm assuming they are true for arguments sake Why is more stress relevant or bad? ","anger"
"[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that","disappointment"
"Sad and very true though. Case in point.","sadness"
"*Poop hole* Oooohwee!","annoyance"
"That would be very cool and a nice non-HP bar visualization.","admiration"
"Sakura drops & Goodbye happiness","neutral"
"Not anymore, haven't heard of him in ages.","disapproval"
"Haha well thank you so much! You've been the only person to say that","gratitude"
"By the end I was I hysterics. Not a single reply from the wife too.","anger"
"Great to hear you're so loving together! Wishing you all the best. Feel free to PM me anytime!","admiration"
"Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0","surprise"
"Ugh, [NAME]. Gross. ","disgust"
"Also, the Detroit Police Underwater Recovery Team is a thing that I want to learn more about...","neutral"
"I think it was more hope, we all make mistakes. I thought [NAME] was going to step up.","optimism"
"Never seen an abandoned piss trolley at a bus stop in Armadale ever","surprise"
"Sure, there are plenty more if you are so unsatisfied","annoyance"
"May he rest easy, as for future officers to carry on his legacy, never forget his sacrifice.","pride"
"Things can be a little bit true, you know. It isn't all or nothing. Do you consider yourself a skeptic, by the way?","curiosity"
"You’re not going to convince anyone else either if you refuse to back up any of your claims.","neutral"
"Same truly adds to making La Liga the great league it is.","approval"
"Brace yourself","caring"
"Jokes aside, is anyone on the dev team? ~~taking even a remote look at [NAME]?~~ Fixed for you. LAWL","neutral"
"Ugh, sometimes I have both at the same time!","disappointment"
"Try to watch this without crying.","caring"
"The last two years have made me see why [NAME] do what they do.","realization"
"Will I get banned if i say "Boy I sure do love *collapsible bed word*"","curiosity"
"How is it racist? I fail to see how.","surprise"
"Is that a real tweet? From the actual president? Not a parody? I can't tell anymore.","confusion"
"Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]","neutral"
"Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.","disgust"
"You ever want to work so close with protocol and get blamed for changes in DV missions that were never communicated to you? Welcome to LRS!","annoyance"
"A fucking centaur","anger"
"That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.","disapproval"
"Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha","amusement"
"Those are separate issues from the sample size.","neutral"
"I wqs explqining my problems and my past to him, sort of venting, and that's when he offered.","neutral"
"Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.","annoyance"
"Wow that was really bad. But thanks for trying?","gratitude"
"Super excited to watch them in Syracuse next year. Might actually spring for season tickets","excitement"
"I can’t believe sb found this even remotely funny.","surprise"
"Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front","anger"
"Sneaky ass ESPN changing their app so I almost accidentally purchase ESPN+ for the low price of 4.99 a month.","annoyance"
"[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4","curiosity"
"Is it actually happening?","confusion"
"They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven. ","annoyance"
"I was looking for this comment, was not disappointed.","approval"
"What are you listening to?","curiosity"
"How many of each have been killed or injured?","curiosity"
"Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.","caring"
"Probably smashed his oil pan too, I'd give that car 3 miles to live.","neutral"
"There are videos of him blending the two songs together too....","neutral"
"As a man I would be quite pleased to hear this","gratitude"
"Kinda reminds me of the 11 foot 8 videos. Sooo","neutral"
"Looks like you don't have a story too.","neutral"
"[NAME] has only lived for [NAME] and [NAME] for now but the choices have been fair.","neutral"
"Yes that is so true why didn’t I think of that","approval"
"Thank you deeply for these words!","gratitude"
"Did anybody else noticed the mom right at the end hand gesturing the boy annoyingly as if it had been his fault?!","neutral"
"Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me","approval"
"Thank you for the tip. I've added it to my "to read" list.","gratitude"
"Lmfao I'm not here to Google easy shit for morons.","neutral"
"It's nice for him to take time out of getting angry at people to lecture everyone.","annoyance"
"i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow","joy"
"True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.","love"
""Man is still the most extraordinary machine of all...And women are even cooler" - [NAME]","neutral"
"If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?","disappointment"
"She night have a work permit that’s good for a year. Those usually arrive “earlier” than the green card.","approval"
"Communism naturally results in dictatorship. When you centralize power, you invite the power-hungry. Every morally-motivated communist seems to think they're immune to the bullets of power-hungry totalitarians. ","neutral"
"I have heard nothing about him this window. If anything it would be summer.","neutral"
"It was more of a sarcastic ‘lol yeah right’. Nothing funny about wanting to harm my cat or control my life.","amusement"
"Maybe you've been out of the game for a bit but literally every sentence is not a typical first date these days.","neutral"
"How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks","gratitude"
"Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...","admiration"
"I agree that you think that. Not sure myself.","approval"
"I'm glad you had such a positive experience on the sub and congrats on the relationship.","joy"
"Man.. I really loved that team.","love"
"Thank you. People always forget that The Happiest Days of Our Lives is essentially part of that song.","gratitude"
"sacked surely. no one would expect to be kept on after making such corrupt mistakes in their own job.","disappointment"
"[NAME], I love these kinds of threads.","joy"
"I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.","neutral"
"Good for you! I wish I had run for my life at 18, but brainwashing is real","desire"
""Eh" Love it. ","love"
"I never said prostitution doesn't exist. I said it is off the streets.","disapproval"
"What is his endgame? People are talking about him but this just makes him look bad.","curiosity"
"What about urban [NAME] supporters who are socially liberal and want to see tax dollars used efficiently?","curiosity"
"This. It seems he's undoubtedly [NAME] preferred option.","approval"
"And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.","sadness"
"I used to sell CDJR in Downtown LA Customers always wanted 350 on a truck financed because they "like to own" their cars Still gives me nightmares.","desire"
"Sometimes all you need is to know someone else has been there and believes you can do it too. You got this. Keep it up!","gratitude"
"Thanks! Oddly enough, it's actually the first place that I ate at, when I was apartment hunting in New Haven several years back.","gratitude"
"Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.","admiration"
"TO THIS DAY!!!! TO THIS DAY!!!!!!","neutral"
"I don't know dude, but I'm just saying that it's not weird at all that people are super doubtful whenever posts like this crop up. ","confusion"
"Oversleeping always makes me super depressed and even a little nauseous! Even so, I always want to go back to bed.","neutral"
"Talked about our demons after watching It's Kind of a Funny Story.","amusement"
"Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!","love"
"My god i thought he just hit his shins really hard on the pole but than realised what his shoulders did...","realization"
"What? They all look entirely different. Yes, they are all handsome, masculine men, but that's it.","surprise"
"Solid argument. Honestly this game’s a mess and impossible to balance for both sides equally.","optimism"
"Yes used to b bad into oxys been clean from any painkiller is 5 years beside subs","grief"
"[NAME] has been listening to this sub.","neutral"
"Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;)","amusement"
":) thank you!","gratitude"
"I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.","optimism"
"Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.","annoyance"
"She was HOPING she was gone!","confusion"
"Hahaha. Oh, you.","amusement"
"trUmP iS pRo guN","neutral"
"Right? I think [NAME] needs to be careful cause I could def see [NAME] snapping.","fear"
"I'd pause and say yes...? Haha.","amusement"
"I feel the same at 5 feet 9. Feels bad","sadness"
"But she told me she asked because of the post that I made","curiosity"
"I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.","love"
"Ah u/The_White_Baron... I didn't read all of it, but glad I know the reference now","admiration"
"Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages","annoyance"
"Don't let the bed bugs bite!","neutral"
"I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?","approval"
"Don't tease me with [NAME].","annoyance"
"As much as I don’t like his splits would have liked him on that contract that’s a huge miss for the dodgers imo.","neutral"
"Idk what dumbass downvoted you, somatotypes are bullshit lol","amusement"
"I hate roundabouts. For some reason road designers have a fetish for them as more and more are popping up. For cyclist they are rings of death","anger"
"yeah i guess being a sexually unsuccessful giant dweeb is being red pilled","disapproval"
"Can’t get hep or HIV from shitty politics.","neutral"
"Well, the [NAME] should help us out, the reason we are in this political mess is because we detained a person for them. ","anger"
"I didn’t downvote you because I would like to know the reasoning first.","curiosity"
"Last I checked people weren't running around raping people wearing MAGA hats.","disapproval"
"She's actually not dead at all. Even now shes still a good hero.","neutral"
"If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.","neutral"
"Welcome to switzerland 😂 I see it everyday, when I'm on my way to work. ","neutral"
"There has to be a term for people who use the Occam's Razor this much to get to their conclusions. Occam's Masochist?","curiosity"
"Thanks that's very helpful because I can't seem to decifer all of the levels of irony in some posts on this subreddit haha.","gratitude"
"The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop","approval"
"I'm still confused about what a ginch is","confusion"
"Yes it does count","approval"
"Your cat is the best thing I've read all day. Take care of your cat!","admiration"
"I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.","optimism"
"If [NAME] hands the presidency to [NAME] do you really think the public will be more accepting of independent candidates?","curiosity"
"To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.","relief"
"Hope you’re ok mate!","caring"
"You’re not being used but she has no right to tell you what to do with your money.","disapproval"
"Not really, they can do what they've been doing and force a no deal brexit pretty soon...","neutral"
"Could listen to it coz everyone talking.. not a bad thing coz the dude in the do rag was whack as fuck.","curiosity"
"Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.","disappointment"
"I though [NAME] was the offensive guru? Why would he get an established guy who has an offense?","neutral"
"That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life. ","annoyance"
"Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date","love"
"What does Clemson give pride stickers for? Snaps played?","pride"
"He has a youtube: Great watch.","gratitude"
"Hardly heard anyone I know talk about it but Damnation was amazing.","excitement"
"[NAME] is available","neutral"
"Are you implying this is not CGI?","neutral"
"Let us celebrate with a glass of kerbango.","joy"
"Love frank and moody together","approval"
"Two questions: do we still get a lip sync next week with [NAME] and [NAME] next week? do they do anything week 6?","neutral"
"I am so relieved","disappointment"
"Horrible waste of time.","anger"
"Just think of it as set in an alternate universe where America didn’t just take independence but went back to England and established their own colonies there.","neutral"
"That's adorable!","approval"
"Everyone is a little toxic inside. I feel like killers being toxic comes from survivors being toxic and vice versa. It's a vicious cycle.","sadness"
"Thanks I love him","gratitude"
"I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible ","annoyance"
"So those 2am cravings are really just my instincts keeping me alive","joy"
"He's dressing like his dead 'friend' to keep him in his memory","neutral"
"The move takes a lot of concentration, hence the blank stare of total focus. Ultra instinct ","neutral"
"I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...","disappointment"
"It is so ugly I felt personally attacked by it, what can I say","disgust"
"Don't tease me with [NAME].","sadness"
"Nice mix of trashy and classy.","admiration"
"Wow this was awful. What kind of audience do these morons have? I mean no one with the money to buy that junk would watch these fools","annoyance"
"No offense are you guys actually dating? Are you paying for every thing. Have u guys had sex?","neutral"
"I used to love to mix addys and Valium 10s though lol!","amusement"
"why the fuck is this getting downvoted","disapproval"
"Wack. Oh heard some 17 year olds are doing it too.","surprise"
"Lol, this one’s great too!","amusement"
"> a central bank that acts as a buffer between monetary policy and implementation. ... what?","confusion"
"In all honesty no slip shoes do actually prevent slips like 99% of the time. This guy just seems to be the unlucky minority.","neutral"
"She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh","disgust"
"She knows where the fleet is because of the beacon she carries.","neutral"
"All of Leviticus is wonderful and interesting. (But I do get the point you are making).","approval"
">For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard. ","sadness"
"Insulting [NAME] for being captured is good praxis","approval"
"There is nothing untraceable about bitcoin. The point of a blockchain is that every transaction is saved forever.","neutral"
"Yeah, he does. Just because he draws different conclusions than you doesn't mean he isn't reading [NAME]. Get out of your little bubble.","anger"
"Just don't cross the Tigers, hmmmm?","neutral"
"It’s like they’re in the middle of a pissing contest.","neutral"
"It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.","sadness"
"Thanks for posting OP, much love to the [NAME] out there.","gratitude"
"oh the irony of asking for nudes on a device that can conjure all porn ever conceived at a moment's notice","neutral"
"Pay, 69k each No, I was pirate legend before doubloons we’re in the game. Thanks!","gratitude"
"The bears still suck. The bears still suck. They really really really really really suck. The bears.... still.... suck","disappointment"
"This is beautifully written.","admiration"
"Here you are again my friend.","neutral"
"Thx man just reached grandmaster by doing this, while edgewalking","gratitude"
"I'm glad that this is a normal assumption to make... incels are my answer to too many things","confusion"
"What does “I moved on her like a bitch” mean? I never understood that line","confusion"
"It had a rough start but it really came around.","relief"
"I don't know","confusion"
"I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.","realization"
"Done, sorry about missing that before.","remorse"
"i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.","caring"
"That's an unusual idea, I must try it out! Thank you!","admiration"
"She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.","admiration"
"And who are you on twitch?","neutral"
"Fake news. Kids would be long dead by that age","anger"
"Thanks. I unlocked them 5 min ago. Just placed them in front of driving tanks and killed some infantry with the MG‘s.","gratitude"
"weird flex but ok (the heart is flexing)","neutral"
"I think it's normal. Don't analyse how you look like and worry about it btw, those idiots sure don't when they say their bullshit","annoyance"
"We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier","joy"
"Have to run some plays for him, he is guarded pretty tightly. ","neutral"
"There where over 40000 stabbings in the UK last year, and this guy reckons these “kids” are just acting tough 😬","annoyance"
"Going from [NAME] to [NAME] on the PP is like going from tenderloin to convenience store hotdogs","annoyance"
"Though I encourage! For an opportunity to play a game of such grand anticipation as this, is a sweet fortune.","neutral"
"[NAME] Twitter wouldn’t know what to do if [NAME] teamed up with [NAME] lol","neutral"
"I like how they’re not facing each other.","admiration"
"Maybe [NAME] would rape you too if that makes you feel better","annoyance"
"Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!","desire"
"Mom said it was my time on the repost!!","neutral"
"no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!","optimism"
"Is this not standard practice among many animal charities around the world? Not something that any of them like to put front and center.","neutral"
"Quit being a panzy and just have a laugh","amusement"
"You can request a hand count at bottle drop, I think","neutral"
"Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.","gratitude"
"If only they were more like [RELIGION] amirite?","curiosity"
"I don't think you can really go wrong with any of them, but I would suggest to watch him against South Carolina this year.","optimism"
"This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.","anger"
"Did he mention what you guys would do?","neutral"
"Happy kek day","admiration"
"Metallica recorded a congratulatory video for him, so effin cool: ","admiration"
"[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo","neutral"
"I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1","approval"
""[NAME] remains being [NAME]" is absolutely perfect.","approval"
"It’s so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!! ","disappointment"
"Definitely was a nonononoyes for me there lol, I'm a horrible person","fear"
"From the post history, I'd say this looks like a highly inept karma farm bot account. Edit: OP is for real! Yay! Upvoting!","realization"
"I thought it was illegal to practice ninjutsu","realization"
"She's stricter in the source material, I believe. Disney, as usual, watered her down. (No offense to the wonderful [NAME].)","approval"
"Will the RNG fuck me as with XCOM?","neutral"
"This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.","anger"
"[NAME] was the [NAME] of the [NAME] years. Didn't realise he was still about.","realization"
"Found the apologist.","gratitude"
"I bet there is an army of married couples who did the same exact thing.","neutral"
"Studid fuckin idiot","anger"
"Ice Cream or Tacos for me. Or the best of both worlds.... a ChocoTaco!","neutral"
"you made history, at least","admiration"
"Da Colts!!! Go frank go!!!","neutral"
"Should probably go see some sort of doctor tbh.","caring"
"Thanks for this 😂","gratitude"
"I don't even love myself that much. I'm glad I wrote myself out of the parenting pool long ago, I'd be terrible at it.","disapproval"
"25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.","surprise"
"What’s weird is. I never miss anyone. Like, ever.","love"
"Oh my god... i JUST realized this!!! AHHHH this makes me SICK.","annoyance"
"I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread","love"
"oh, rich people loooooooooooooooooooove to prey on the poor, they couldn't bear not raping, mocking, humiliating, profiting from, the 99%","neutral"
"Aversion towards Jewry is pretty rare in [RELIGION]. For the most part [NAME] are held in high esteem when compared against other [NAME].","neutral"
"Well [NAME] was pretty mad at [NAME] for killing that guy who was shooting at them. I assume she’d agree with him.","neutral"
"*police proceed to slide down hill* *I quickly jump in police cruiser, as friend holds bumper*","neutral"
"[NAME] that was so stupid lol holy fuck wat","anger"
"Right but you don't have to pay it a living wage, provide insurance, and it can't unionize. ","disapproval"
"My friends thought I was asexual","neutral"
"I'm a PR and I've been lucky enough to have millions in capital and that is ALL the statue states.","neutral"
"[NAME] fucking [NAME]. You'd think strangling someone until they're unconscious would be *attempted murder,* not just second degree assault.","neutral"
"Removing republicans is the first step. You can scream about how they are the same, but perhaps you should look at voting history. Good luck. ","approval"
"Now there are two of them!","neutral"
"Damn that must feel great!","admiration"
"This is amazing","admiration"
"Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol","disappointment"
"Hey I just reposted this without reading it dont blame me for it putting boy friend","annoyance"
"He was pointing out that they use the stadiums themselves since the football field itself is universal.","neutral"
"what a psycho","disgust"
"Wear some cool shades in your pics and play up your good qualities in your bio. If you’re funny and/or confident, really own it.","neutral"
"Really feeling you today.","approval"
"It looks like it's from the Molecule Effect on Santa Fe. Great quirky spot!","admiration"
"100% yes","approval"
"Totally amazing that some peoples' egos can't even handle being honked at.","annoyance"
"At least I have a source champ.","relief"
"Oh lawd he comin","neutral"
"Now I know where to do stag party for my friend, finally.","approval"
"That's odd. Where I live it all the disapproval has been silent. The loud people are older cougar ladies that are into that kind of thing.","disappointment"
"You suck at trolling. It's way too obvious.","annoyance"
"[NAME] saying [NAME] is already the best shooter on the team got my hyped too","admiration"
"omg what a nightmare, I feel for you 😞 is there any way you could order it online?","surprise"
"Thank you for saying that I just haven’t felt right and I’m so sad constantly","gratitude"
"but it's [NAME] saying it so sorta disappointing","neutral"
"Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations","approval"
"Damn. As a [NAME] [NAME] I fear who the last Greek restauranteur in this death triangle will be :(","curiosity"
"I know I was doing a thing.","neutral"
"The age of consent is 16. It's the indecent nature of the photo that has gotten him in trouble.","neutral"
"Yeah well most species don't kill off their own species unless for territorial reasons which we do already","neutral"
"Many of them do love LEGAL ones.","love"
"I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol","desire"
"They r like 5 dollars each","neutral"
"Hahahahahaha you 100 percent got my ass first time in months I’ve been got. Thank you.","amusement"
"New Theory: [NAME] wanted the decoder ring so he could finally figure out how to bond with his father.","neutral"
"My wife is not allowed to flick my ears for any reason, and apparently I'm not allowed to stick my finger into her bellybutton lmao.","amusement"
"Love the [NAME]","love"
"> Or is this another attempt to get remainers on-side without actually committing to anything? Pretty much","confusion"
"I said "try." Red wine is a thing for a reason","approval"
"So, I saw the video yesterday. I think there are real complaints by residents, but that video isn't normal, and absolutely crosses into antisemitism.","disapproval"
"Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today","anger"
"Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now","neutral"
"Defense that's why","neutral"
"Someone off screen threw one back at him I would assume","annoyance"
"Desktop link: ^^/r/HelperBot_ ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove. ^^Counter: ^^229126","neutral"
"The sign doesn't have units! Maybe the speed limit is 45 light yrs per second!!!!","confusion"
"yeah same issue with hockey short of places like [NAME]. 82 game schedule.","approval"
"Made my day","joy"
"Lullaby is excellent and so is Diary. His first 5 or 6 books are out of this world.","admiration"
"Centrists compared to which left wing parties in other countries? Compared to the UK you guys are **far**-left.","neutral"
"No Brexit is also an option.","disapproval"
"Your comment has been removed for shaming. Thanks [NAME]","disapproval"
"Harder than you think? Not to be super morbid but uh - if someone wants to truly die, it won’t be a failed attempt.","disapproval"
"Ooooh, we got a badass over here!","excitement"
"It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro","disapproval"
"And a place to live","neutral"
"I just watched this video on youtube and thought about sharing it here","joy"
"Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator. ","desire"
"Same. You all tried to save me, but I rewatched with the sound on and... I have regrets.","remorse"
"BLESS THIS WOMAN AND HER EVIL FAMILY","gratitude"
"Okay, thanks for the clarification!","approval"
"TIL the Recession, Great Depression, Colonialism, War on Drugs etc. were created by socialists. ","disapproval"
"I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.","amusement"
"True, haha. Anywho, have a great day.","gratitude"
"Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D","approval"
"Because he's a couple years older and not as good. If the trade is [NAME] for [NAME], then sure...","neutral"
"Well tell me what happened then","neutral"
"My seven year old usually wants to change behind closed doors and her decision is respected","approval"
"Oh my gawd. WHAT?","curiosity"
"Thats not him :( the most recent comment literally starts with "i'm not a dude" ","neutral"
"David Cameron's jealous.","neutral"
"Tried to think who else could compete for that honor and didn't come up with many: - [NAME] - [NAME] - [NAME] Anyone else?","confusion"
"Not sure what's cringe about this, even if you disagree with the political message","confusion"
"Not for me. The ankle area is the least painful, compared to the rest of your body ","relief"
"18 still seems too young soooo.....","pride"
"Wow. Thank you so much. I really appreciate this.","gratitude"
"Seeking, not expecting","desire"
"[NAME] has been somehow worse than [NAME] so far. Do we have any other subs who couldve played as wingers?","curiosity"
"[NAME] on twitter is way different that [NAME] on youtube... anyways i love tsm no matter the tiltles no matter the rosters lets have a good year !","optimism"
"Run. Dandududududud","neutral"
"You know they just blamed the neighbor who defended themself.","annoyance"
"Wow man, that is DEAD. You have no marriage, just a roommate. Life is short, get out and find someone who meets your needs.","caring"
"There's so much missing information that is hard to dissect. Did you initiate the divorce? What was the reason for the divorce?","curiosity"
"Lol I'm glad","amusement"
"(F) Actor here as well, also willing to learn anything and everything involving film!","curiosity"
"I follow that account in tumblr, it’s satire. It’s basically what an incel criclejerk of one person would be.","amusement"
"Omg like if you read this in 2019😂","love"
"Hello! how’s it going?","neutral"
"Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.","neutral"
"That's what i was thinking. Did she tell you she did?","curiosity"
"Something is eating this poor redditor and I don’t think it’s the injustice of society at large to accept face tattoos.","sadness"
"If that happened then I wouldn't mind if [NAME] left","approval"
"I basically know nothing about him, not even how to pronounce his name.","confusion"
"Such a good doggo, and no one gets to pet her and let her know.","admiration"
"Do you mind me PMing you for some help w/ dealing with the busy season? Thanks.","gratitude"
"Haha "like a snake on a toddler". ","amusement"
"I didn’t think about that side of it, thanks!","gratitude"
"Anyone else feel like this should have ended, "Enjoy the ride and there's a Pimento Taco--a Pimentaco--in the glove box?"","excitement"
"go on, it's not like your Ni is, 100% accurate, what is my type?","curiosity"
"It's the lists fault!","approval"
"just bulk until you can control yourself again.","caring"
"I've definitely erected something in his honor but idk about a statue","confusion"
"Can't play defence when everything is call and on the other end the Bulls haven't gotten a call since early in the quarter ...","disapproval"
"That'll make it too easy.","annoyance"
"Those ears...those horrible ears","fear"
"I get hella pissed when people who are shorter than me complain about being too tall.","annoyance"
"i love them on the grill with italian sausage they turn so sweet, ","love"
"I had a total of 5 pet chickens. No way I could've ever eaten any of them. Glad that gfather confirmed that Banana Chip was buried.","optimism"
"Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. ","gratitude"
"Why would a pop tart live in a toaster that’s like the most terrifying place for them","neutral"
"You'll miss a begging old man asking for a spare coin. RIP","disappointment"
"Thank you :)","gratitude"
"I stopped watching [NAME] the moment vie when they made the sub surface and I realised they were rewriting history. It's insulting.","disappointment"
"They all have these same moronic talking points that they memorized. It's hilarious. I hear them all the time","amusement"
"And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.","annoyance"
"My favorite movie of all time. This movie man... Words can't express how good it is.","admiration"
"This thread is one of worst things I've ever read","disgust"
"Hey thanks! Happy new year to you too!","gratitude"
"You see benevolent, I see cynical and morally bankrupt.","neutral"
"nah I could get better if I wanted but it’s the peak meme see my post history","neutral"
"[NAME]? That’s your answer?","confusion"
"Says the guy not replying to any counter points lmao","neutral"
"I would love to watch you become jaded by [NAME].","joy"
"Nope. stories always fall apart, like in Ohio a few years ago. ","neutral"
"Aww so sweet. One of mind fights to lay under mine while it’s in my lap. She loves the heat from it 😂","admiration"
"My saving grace: “Since we have an odd number of students, is there anyone who’d prefer to work alone for this project?”","neutral"
"When I am outside for daily errands, then it sometimes is inevitable, unfortunately ","disappointment"
"It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.","disappointment"
"Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME]. ","relief"
"Originally just a child murderer.","disgust"
"I'm guessing the NY subway has way higher rider rates","confusion"
"Nah, they always were a government's tool to enslave us","disappointment"
"Welcome to the new normal.","approval"
"Hahah. I wish I could say that’ll get less painful with time but it won’t. Sorry my dude. F","amusement"
"Zippers. Lots and lots of zippers.","neutral"
"This ain’t his first plank war","neutral"
"I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch. ","admiration"
"My [NAME] and Papa were married 44 years before my Papa died last February. I hope to have a long marriage like them..","desire"
"Yeah, what do you know about her? Her Wikipedia page is pretty barren.","disapproval"
"I thought this was a socialist Stossel-","neutral"
"Honestly I think most of that sort of stuff existed between the 1985-2012-ish. Depending on your age most young people would have experienced these.","neutral"
"Two posts to tell me how incredibly non-triggered you are.","curiosity"
"She looks like [NAME] as a baby but still as an old man at the same time","neutral"
"I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.","joy"
"Under rated reference.","disappointment"
"That’s so drastic. Just hide it by parting your hair on the other side for 2 weeks till the gap’s not so visible.","confusion"
"We all got our thing hun. Embrace it.","approval"
"Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.","admiration"
"You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.","anger"
"wow this seems like a huge ᴡᴀsᴛᴇ ᴏ- ᴡᴀɪᴛ ᴀ ᴍɪɴᴜᴛᴇ. ɴᴏ, ᴛʜɪs ɪs ɢᴏᴏᴅ","disgust"
"I love the post you just made! Well written and very relatable.","admiration"
"This is the greatest Bama game I've ever watched","admiration"
"i thought i was the only one who felt this way!","sadness"
"It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.","optimism"
"You called [NAME] a defensive player of interest. I don't know that logic is in this topic.","confusion"
"So the article is pretty much nonsense.","annoyance"
"At least he didn't throw them at someone.","approval"
"Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.","disappointment"
"Hahahahahahahaa (Sorry, that is all I can say, it does not require a more intelligible comment.) ","amusement"
"Thank you for sharing!","gratitude"
"Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies ","admiration"
"Don't do that i think its dangerous","fear"
"US team about to get a beat down","neutral"
"Superbowl 42 is going to be the greatest Superbowl of all-time for a long time.","admiration"
"It is actually out on the steam store right now.","neutral"
"And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.","admiration"
"Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱","admiration"
"I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.","neutral"
"Never heard of the artist or the song. But it sounds really great! Thank you for sharing!","admiration"
"Well that escalated quickly.","neutral"
"Ah thanks 👍🏻","neutral"
"Is it just me, or do things mean a lot less when they are repeated like 12 times. This video is pretty much that","neutral"
"DAE think that [NAME]’ insults towards [NAME] are lowkey racist and dissmissive.","neutral"
"Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.","love"
"Not unexpected this election was gonna be a brawl between him and [NAME] from the start.","surprise"
"Is this the best that you could come up with?","curiosity"
"You can vote for whomever you want even in the general. It's called a write-in.","neutral"
"I just want him to be successful though...I dont think he wants to be at this point","approval"
"Tis nothing but a scratch","neutral"
"That just sounds like a show that would piss me off tbh","disapproval"
"Honestly after he was so reasonable and calm throughout this confrontation, the hatchet man tattoo made me chuckle. Definitely unexpected.","neutral"
"“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao","neutral"
"I never knew cringing could be so ...cathartic.","embarrassment"
"Congrats on approaching the situation with logic unlike most everyone else","gratitude"
"Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.","disapproval"
"You’re being bullied. Leave.","neutral"
"Then it would have been removed. Don't assume my thoughts. I cringed. I posted.","disapproval"
"I love how he looks around for a flag and doesn’t celebrate at first","love"
"I'll take two please good ser.. How many chickens do I owe you ?","curiosity"
"this is great TV. I want to see her do this on Legends","admiration"
"another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'","neutral"
"I’m just trying to get a woman’s perspective on the situation.","neutral"
"I just wished they took [NAME] with them.","desire"
"Oh, prodigy might be a bit immature for that group. ","disapproval"
"I can't believe he got it while getting man-handled by two players!!","disappointment"
"that looks like a nightmare.","fear"
"True love, that's the way to go right there. Sex, drugs and Rock 'n' Roll","neutral"
"a jpg that's a gif, what a time to be alive","neutral"
"Omg more than anything I want to see [NAME] block a game winner from [NAME].","excitement"
"If they are going to do this why not just have individual bathrooms with locks on the doors.","neutral"
"All the best to you in 2019! I hope whatever lies next for you is rewarding. :)","optimism"
"It can't be, I won't believe it.......this is some antivawers bulls**t xD","neutral"
"If it was super easy to get citizenship. I would love to.","love"
"They do it because easily entertained people appears to be .... entertained by this. So they won't stop until people stop clicking on this trash","neutral"
"Yeah he does give intense and memorable performances. He didn't get to speak in Mad Max for like half an hour but he was still riveting.","neutral"
"Drives to work, realizes its a holiday because nobody answers their phones. Still stuck at work... nothing to do. We dont get paid holidays :(","approval"
"Not sure why you're trying to shove spoiler hints into the face of someone who explicitly said they just finished chapter 1 but more power to you I guess","confusion"
"Come on [NAME], time to step up","neutral"
"People only treat you the way you allow them to.","neutral"
"Wow, I stand corrected, it's *even worse* than I thought!","amusement"
"[NAME] why would you blow your load on your fucking suit with fur on it","neutral"
"So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.","annoyance"
"Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander","neutral"
"There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.","desire"
"Also whenever I try to stop focusing on her I think about her morep","neutral"
"We’ll have to wait and see next year when we deploy him exclusively in high leverage situations in the post season","disappointment"
"What was their GDP then? You forgot that part.","curiosity"
"[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] looks like... He ain't natty","approval"
"amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal","optimism"
"You are unfortunately far and few between.","sadness"
"It's not you, Taco Bell is grade D racoon meat and isn't fit for human consumption.","disapproval"
"I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? ","disapproval"
"Dont look back at the salt pillars, trust me.","approval"
"Man red dead 2 looks so good","admiration"
"Her skin is glowing! Love the eyeshadow too.","neutral"
"If many people truly see that as a consequence, I'd suggest SD's public [NAME] needs some work. Sad.","neutral"
"I already like the game. I don't to make the wins gimmicky for the game to be fun.","approval"
"[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!","excitement"
"What are you referencing?","curiosity"
"I mean clearly it's because they don't understand the pricing for babies/young children on the black market.","disappointment"
"No. You seem to still be completely misunderstanding what memory conformity is. Are you familiar with the process as documented in the peer-reviewed literature?","neutral"
"Just wanted to mention--Brazos Bend is closed due to flooding until next week.","neutral"
"Ok cool, thanks","gratitude"
"i’m so glad you’re wrong lol","neutral"
"I completely agree with mondawggg. Playing the petty way instead of discussing the issue with him directly is so much more productive....wait","approval"
"Cool. Glad I'm not the only one who found it weird.","pride"
"Also the infection that almost killed her because they tried to save the leg, leading her to get the prosthesis. ","neutral"
"Oh my god.... They used [NAME] voice!","surprise"
"[NAME] book? What the heck?!","neutral"
"Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad","neutral"
"Is that a little poot at :09?","confusion"
"Where’s the, “this” *cliché* bot!?!? Also, good on you for choosing a less stressful life.","neutral"
"To me, the best smell a person can have is just a clean smell. ","admiration"
"My pleasure. It pays the bills.","joy"
"Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?","annoyance"
"[NAME] is a fucking retard whenever he tries to pass forward","anger"
"It's cool.","neutral"
"Damn, [NAME] really moved up in the world after her breakup with plankton. Good on her!","caring"
"Oh man, dream date right there. Zoo then sushi?? Yes please. ","curiosity"
"Any good reading on [NAME]? I don't really know if I like her or not.","admiration"
"I like His And Hers Poker Podcast","approval"
"Or those morons that move next to a highway and complain that they can hear the highway","neutral"
"Most awkward looking super-athlete ever.","admiration"
"Wow, I read that years ago, but I didn't realize it was about Narcs.","realization"
"Is the use of stone that common for the medical field in the UK?","curiosity"
"If I don't shave I won't be able to wear a bikini, so not shaving is not an option","neutral"
"Ok cheers. I’m banned from there","disappointment"
"Oh nice, gonna add that to the list. Thanks!","admiration"
"...wasn't she recovering from pneumonia at the time?","curiosity"
"TELL ME MY FUTURE, YOU SORCERER","neutral"
"When you start correcting spelling and grammar you lose automatically my dude. Your points stand by themselves. Being an English teacher just makes you look like a jackass","annoyance"
"This bit was more fun than it should have been.","amusement"
"Maybe 10-12 years ago lol","amusement"
"Didn't [NAME] just have a kid?","neutral"
"Not any meaningful amount as far as I can tell. Although I’d love to be surprised","disapproval"
"Thanks for clearing this up!","gratitude"
"I think it quite apparent I was being satirical in saying Mississippi.","joy"
"Yeah for sure, they're too smart to go to class anyway, they've got time.","admiration"
"I'd be careful with that, could be construed as cybersquatting which is illegal.","neutral"
"While we appreciate trying to help with the report function, next time either block them after or ignore them instead of getting into a fight. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Does not look bad! Thnx!","approval"
">Any [NAME] who is married will skip her Well just for fun let's talk for a moment. Going to send you a PM.","neutral"
"Available 24/7? You could put a ring on it and still not get that kind of service.","admiration"
"I scrolled past this and thought this was a title reveal and got so excited. Good GOOD theory though!","excitement"
"Last time I saw it tested, it beat BO4 and was on par with Fortnite","approval"
"What's the goop website?","disgust"
"Get a handkerchief, ridiculously helpful.","neutral"
"Possibly. He spent time in the crypts, but he was told in no uncertain terms that, as a bastard, he didn't belong there.","neutral"
"This was not only true, but pleasing to watch.","admiration"
"Anyone else think [NAME] kind of reminds them of [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Wow great analogy, exactly like that yes","admiration"
"Happy birthday!","gratitude"
"Ah, the frigid winds of teen rebellion...","neutral"
"It pays well and I enjoy it. I travel 6 months a year. For the last 16 years.","admiration"
"Great post. ( you are learning to let it go)","admiration"
"that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.","sadness"
"I automatically love anyone who votes for best underrated boy [NAME].","love"
"I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<","annoyance"
"Damn Blake is on fire today","neutral"
"I appreciate the hell out of this.","admiration"
"From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.","sadness"
"Yep, it's all extremely frustrating.","disappointment"
"I’m aware but you won’t see the Turkish state broadcaster promoting that filth.","surprise"
"So unnecessary.","neutral"
"This can't be real...","disapproval"
"I know this is a joke but people on this sub actually think this way lol.","amusement"
"to 6:30. Does that look fake to you?","curiosity"
"The Melo FA is why I got a Twitter account I was an F5 machine that summer.","realization"
"Can't look at batting average. [NAME] 90 wRC+ in 3799 PA [NAME] 92 wRC+ in 4917 PA","surprise"
"That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.","sadness"
"This was insane. I knew [NAME] was legit when he swung at a pitch while being intentionally walked and almost hit it out.","surprise"
"If we win","curiosity"
"So edgy.","neutral"
"Subscribed! I love it.","love"
"I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.","surprise"
"Imagine trying to step down from there after you're done and your legs feel like rubber","embarrassment"
"yeah but [NAME] as well? unless she's significantly younger than him.","confusion"
"What does that even mean? How does one decide right or wrong with something so vague?","annoyance"
"TBH I think they would've been better without the hot dog","optimism"
"Oh yeah...family chantel!","surprise"
"> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!","fear"
"Good idea!","admiration"
"Directly tell me why you felt the need to threaten my life.","anger"
"Just why? No one is going to want to eat their food out of it and placing something on it is pointless","disapproval"
"Exactly my goals as well. Let's make it a great year.","desire"
"It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!","gratitude"
"> modern art Modern art lasted from 1860 at the earliest to 1970 at the latest. Thanks for your art critique though, it was very informative.","gratitude"
"Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.","anger"
"I personally prefer FIT to refer to these kinds of transphobes: Feminist-Identifying Transphobe.","desire"
"Pray for America. We’re a wrong country and love to be wrong.","optimism"
"They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.","approval"
"I think teams will still cut the cross-seam that made [NAME] and [NAME] so deadly last year. This is awesome nonetheless.","admiration"
"Make sure you actually try sativas. Don't just listen to people bsing about Sativa causing paranoia/anxiety etc.","nervousness"
"Really well said.","admiration"
"Hey now. Kirkcaldy is a lovely place to see in my rear view mirror.","admiration"
"If I met a woman that loved me and I her, that stuff wouldnt cross my mind. Its life. You make it work. ","approval"
"Haha i love chinese food","amusement"
"That was easily the best one. The lyric ended, but somehow he just kept going. ","neutral"
"Such a beautiful cinematic shot.","admiration"
"Thank you! Not to yuck any yums, but this bloody grease stain looks like something a haunted doll would leave behind. ","approval"
"Not all [NAME] supporters are tankies, but all tankies are [NAME] supporters","confusion"
"A [NAME] named [NAME] found these weird ads for am actual mobile game and then people start using it as a meme.","neutral"
"Sitting at home drunk waiting for my tech to charge so I can sit out back and listen to music lol","amusement"
"Sniffing all them electrical outlets is hard work! This is the PC version... Why didn't you use Print-Screen?","neutral"
"It kinda makes sense. What’s the debate here?","neutral"
"[NAME] is going to hit [NAME] again at some point isn't it.","neutral"
"the most romantic thing that can possibly happen to me","love"
"I said I'm curious to see how many women would do it.","curiosity"
"I probably would have upvoted it for effort.","approval"
"Nobody should keep any around that is this ass-cracked to oblivion.","neutral"
"Hang on to that feeling brother, it gets easier :) ","caring"
"don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]","love"
"Seriously. A lot of small businesses especially rely on federal work. I hope this gets solved soon.","optimism"
"And everyone will cheer for [NAME]","joy"
"I'm on it!","excitement"
"That's reasonable and pretty inexpensive for a 75 mile round trip.","admiration"
"Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.","anger"
"Don't feel bad! Hopefully they both run.. their delegates should go to whoever gets more votes in the end.","optimism"
"But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?","curiosity"
"We can but no other person. Not a spouse or kids no one.","approval"
"Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...","curiosity"
"I’d like to add that it’s British slang. We also use ‘kiddy fiddler’.","approval"
"I do feel sorry for the squirrel, but I wouldn't say the dog is a jerk for acting on natural instinct.","remorse"
"Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place. ","desire"
"Where is the best place for me to sell belt buckles, expensive watches, rings etc","neutral"
"Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.","sadness"
"Good for you bb. I wish you all kind of life gains","approval"
"And if they can't find US suckers to give them cheap labor with desired skills, they'll simply replace you with an imported indentured laborer from India.","annoyance"
"Honestly, they changed writers and it's been pretty good so far, maybe one or two not great episodes this season.","admiration"
"Take the child from them! Wtf? Theyre so dumb. You always secure the kids seat!","neutral"
"One of my favs was when we were in the playoffs against the Habs and we won all five fights in a line brawl","approval"
"So, so many hugs and high fives! You are an awesome momma. ","joy"
"Haha yea few cars drive worse than a Versa. Aside from performance, what are some must haves/wants?","amusement"
"Has it really been that many games? How time flies when you got nothing to play for.","confusion"
"> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.","disapproval"
"I think some people don't understand that they don't do him any favor by putting too high expectations on him.","neutral"
"Hey we make money something u can’t say. Come back when your store can compete guy.","neutral"
"As long as he knows [NAME] won’t take his shit lol","amusement"
"Sure but its exclusion isn't some big travesty","disapproval"
"Yes religious abuse by parents because their son dared question their religion","approval"
"I could see [NAME] doing something but [NAME] and [NAME] won't say anything.","disapproval"
"[NAME] isn’t a rookie, he played last year. Was pretty average but turned into a true RB1","optimism"
"Unfortunately that's a long old way from Sydney, but I'm glad teams don't mind having non playing members ","gratitude"
"Where’s Sharpton now?","curiosity"
"Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was "ItGetsThroughBoner".","approval"
"I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.","admiration"
"I was trying to prove the other guys comment","curiosity"
"Yup. Soft serve turd special","admiration"
"Nah coal is pretty inert from an environmental standpoint. If the barge wasn't hauling oil, gasoline or chemicals there isn't much to impact the river.","neutral"
"I haaaaaate vanilla scents and they are a 100% NOPE for me. I wear more neutral/woodsy scents and boyfriend loves it, so win.","disappointment"
"Oh and just fyi for everyone, the girls are bisexual (obviously haha) and I am Pansexual, though [NAME] thinks she may be Pansexual too 😁","neutral"
"Lmaoo a team full of [NAME] blunders, sometimes I feel like it’s sabotage from the man above ","disappointment"
"Sorry. This thing knows whats up!","approval"
"Vaccines turk err jerbs!","neutral"
"So which is more profitable for producers, brick n mortar or digital distribution? Which makes more money?","neutral"
"Found an Instagram account","neutral"
"What a muffin!","excitement"
"And sitting on the side of the road for 8 hours to catch you doing 65 in a 55","neutral"
"It's refreshing to not see comments with anti-china sentiments here every once in a while.","surprise"
"My problem with history in school is we learned about American history every year, which meant we learned a lot of the same stuff over and over.","realization"
"American democracy is weak but it's not dead. If the intention of your comment was to discourage people from voting then you are the problem.","annoyance"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"Start an initiative to take away cops guns since you feel so strongly about it","approval"
"Bike snob here. $400 is hella cheap for any bike that gets raced.","disapproval"
"This year would’ve been the year to start it... we’ll likely be losing the heart of our team after this season","realization"
"So what I'm hearing is your dad didn't do a good job ~~brainwashing~~ raising you :-P","neutral"
"Wow, you really missed the point, didn't you?","curiosity"
"If only buses had lights or something","neutral"
"That's not what I said. Re-read my comment.","neutral"
"I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet. ","love"
"It's perfectly fine","approval"
"I really hope for it to fail miserably, so we can all agree on the sequel trilogy never happened.","optimism"
"So using your figures here we make £12 billion in tax from the EU company's selling in to the uk. We save a further £9billion on fees to the EU","neutral"
"No point trying to hang on to players who are not committed to the club. If this is true then good luck CHO, all the best. ","desire"
"Yes!!!!","neutral"
"That is NOT a firecracker..","approval"
"He did!","admiration"
"That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.","approval"
"80% of the country is putting their faith in a man who doesn’t even have personal awareness of where he is.","disgust"
"Nobody expects you to finish the 10 string.","neutral"
"and this is why I, having been baptized [RELIGION], choose to be cremated after I die because I am sacred and can, finally, no longer be used","realization"
"A hope inspiring article; thanks for posting! Probably best not to read the comments under it though. Neurotypicals are the worst sometimes","admiration"
"This isn't bigoted at all. Pointing out flaws is actually a good thing. Good job","gratitude"
">Apple convienently provided an adapter. If they left the headphone jack, why couldn't I just use an aux cord?","confusion"
"That would be abused so hard.","disgust"
"I call even my dog my love (in local language) as a way to be caring to others.","neutral"
"Is it weird that my first thought was "at least it's not a Minion?" ","neutral"
"I can't thank you enough for letting me know this exists. I'm going to go waste an hour looking through it all now","relief"
"Those guys are dolphinetly not putting her down far enough to get the ball on porpoise.","annoyance"
"I thought the exact same thing. Especially since he kept saying he hadn't done anything wrong. He totally smoked crack with her.","neutral"
"The mods deleted it I'm sorry","remorse"
"Fart. Far less humiliating particularly in front of family or strangers","amusement"
"{(_Unexpected_error in [{response}] seek technical attention inmediately_)}","neutral"
"Great to hear that. Scary few hours for y’all.","amusement"
"That’s on Canada. Sorry but I gotta give credit where credits due","remorse"
"1. Well said. 2. I like your style. 3. Prove it.","admiration"
"Good demo","admiration"
"> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.","surprise"
"Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.","approval"
"Never get out of the boat.","neutral"
"Pleasure to meet you brother","gratitude"
"I think he's said before he'd never go on question time","neutral"
"dxm increases both cardio and body heat. so you should try to stay cool and dont exert yourself","neutral"
"I don't know, not everyone has at least 2 other friends willing to wear these shoes and dress in jet black.","neutral"
"Whoa this is really creepy","disgust"
"Do you have the car? Why didn't you get copies? What aren't you telling us?","curiosity"
"I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!","realization"
"Complete opposite for me. I lied about being at a friends how while I was sitting there talking to my recruiter.","neutral"
"Fascinating! Thanks for the info!","admiration"
"That's not [NAME]. That's [NAME]. His family founded this country.","neutral"
"Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.","excitement"
"Hope the horses are ok","optimism"
"6lbs is a lap dog, if someone shoots that cause they're scared it's aggressive...","fear"
"Things are much better then they were a few decades ago but we’re still shrinking.","admiration"
"Say bye bye to your vas deferens and hello to your ex.","neutral"
"Oh no, [NAME] is in pain","sadness"
"Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.","annoyance"
"You get her off 3 times and she doesn't finish you? That seems very selfish.","anger"
"Good luck [NAME]","caring"
"I didn't like this, not for even one second. ","disapproval"
"I have the exact same issue and also had my ears checked recently but there is no issue with my hearing","neutral"
"Utter nonsense from yourself.","anger"
"Well it depends on your level, class, and how good you roll.","approval"
"Suck my good behaviour!","neutral"
"Okay. The wall that he's mentioning. What wall would that be? ***on the border?? Oh my! Big surprise***","curiosity"
"To be fair, [NAME] broke his heart first","neutral"
"It's understandable to be in so much pain and agony after losing a child. If I may ask, was this your first baby?","curiosity"
"We have that, actually.","approval"
"Exactly....we need a car tunnel, and then let the old road to be allowed for truck traffic.","neutral"
"I love the claps after he fell 🤣","love"
"Okay, I see where you’re coming from. I guess I’m a RAW kind of guy so I tend to think that way.","neutral"
"Still don't get my point, but thanks anyway.","gratitude"
"Despite all the [NAME] hate in/on /Melbourne, here is a beautiful Indian song for you all ","optimism"
"Comments aren't the only thing here that's disabled.","neutral"
""That's impossible." "It's necessary." If they were aiming to make a [NAME] a steely-eyed missile man, they succeeded. ","disapproval"
"I propose Istanbul. I don't think it's dull, I find it incredibly appropriate and amusing.","admiration"
"Congrats! How long was the journey? Did you stick with [NAME] the entire time?","gratitude"
"A police response is probably justified for some of the larger spiders we have here.","approval"
"Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...","disappointment"
"Is that how you deal with people you disagree with? Nice personal fantasy you have there.","admiration"
"I'm watching it for the first time now. He's perfect for the role lol [NAME] is a god to me now","admiration"
"That’s a pretty cool TIL","admiration"
"Thank you for the support! Hope to see you in the chat!","gratitude"
"Cross posting is a thing.. I'm not subscribed to /r/funny so I wouldn't have seen it had they not.","disapproval"
"that was such a misstep from their PR. wtf were they thinking people were expecting with a public countdown","anger"
"#**i have decided that i want to die**","anger"
"Good demo","admiration"
"yeeey [NAME], My purpose has been fulfilled Now I must go","neutral"
"Immaturity at its finest","neutral"
"I would not recommend that, as communication is very important in this game. But whatever floats your boat I guess.","approval"
"A part of me rejects this as being real. No person can be this delusional right???","curiosity"
"Come on human let me in it’s cold outside and I want to play.","neutral"
"Actually my biggest question is why people are working if they aren't getting paid","confusion"
"The 30 second new's watcher is still in a far better place to judge *their own interests* better than you or anyone else.","neutral"
"Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!","excitement"
"You're a female? Sup girl, how you livin'?","neutral"
"Ok her siblings. She lacks humility? No you are talking about [NAME] ever since she hatched dragons.","neutral"
"That’s amazing! I’m so happy for him!","admiration"
"A UBI has to be sustainable. Taxing something to reduce its use and funneling that money into something people would depend on is absolute stupidity.","disappointment"
"Just like an unwritten rule to discuss a perfect game during a perfect game. Interesting","admiration"
"Haha. Got ‘em. Also this just in: Los Angeles is expensive. In other news, unrest in the Middle East.","neutral"
"I'm sorry but your username is absolutely horrible lol","amusement"
"If so, then LN payments are *not* safer than unconfirmed TXs.","neutral"
"Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.","anger"
"Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.","gratitude"
"DID SOMEONE SAY THE TH WORD!!!!! I HAVE ARRIVED!","confusion"
"I was just trying to work around the "no rude" rule. I like a challenge ;-)","amusement"
"8 years ago a “friend” of a friend very seriously said we should nuke Compton. One guess who is a rabid [NAME] supporter now.","neutral"
"Looks good!","admiration"
"The games are that expensive, because corporations have figured out that people will pay that price point. Now bugger off.","annoyance"
"I just wanna use all those fancy shields I keep yanking out of hoplites' hands.","neutral"
"oh is that it","excitement"
"[NAME] was back for a solid week and he didnt know he was attacked by a goddamn bear","neutral"
"Thank you for your kind words! Your energy is contagious!","gratitude"
"That’s an insult to special needs people everywhere.","disapproval"
"Let’s get back to the good old days","neutral"
"Intersectionality might seem strange at first, but it really is a good framework for understanding people’s individual struggles within the context of society’s biases.","admiration"
"oh pls no","disapproval"
"I’m surprised she didn’t name him Allesandrostien","disappointment"
"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action","gratitude"
"It's easier to have a discussion with a four year old. Four year olds actually want to learn new things.","neutral"
"Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this","nervousness"
"isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird","disapproval"
"“Listen, buddy!” “Listen, fella!”","neutral"
"Of course. Queen!","gratitude"
"LOL THEY DIED? like if you get reference","curiosity"
"Probably. Wouldn't be surprised if our current generation essentially lives forever...or well until something like climate change puts a stop to it.","surprise"
"You have to be trolling because I doubt you’re this dumb.","annoyance"
"They hated [NAME] because he told them the truth","approval"
"I guess there's this, but that's all I can think of.","neutral"
"Rats. Thanks anyway! Go Tartans","gratitude"
"That’s good to know- thank you!","gratitude"
"Not yet! But I waiting for a miracle any year now!!","excitement"
"I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?","curiosity"
"He needs a swing change. Too much swing and miss for that level","neutral"
"Please ruin my wedding","neutral"
"Edgy bro.","nervousness"
"Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong","admiration"
"I just relapsed after a 15 day streak.","neutral"
"one of them shotting 22lr if I recall? Heck most the worst used a pistol ether exclusively or with a shotty too","disgust"
"Someone tell Disney. The evil mouse has sued daycare centers for painting Mickey on their walls, they sure as hell will sue for this abomination.","neutral"
"Happiest of birthdays, hope you can share it with the ones you love ","approval"
"Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao ","amusement"
"Lol looking through old posts of .53 being the year of release 😒","amusement"
"I love how well 90dayF references easily relate to LAL. I hope you're able yo watch it.","love"
"Does anybody else see strong parallels between power and freedom? Feel free to distinguish or correlate the two in a comment.","confusion"
"And oops AND a yikes. Maybe even as much as an OOF. Definitely a wow from me","optimism"
"Oh no, my secret identity as a neurosurgeon/entomologist/radiologist/anesthetist/dentist has been discovered! I knew I should have given less detailed medical advice online! D: ","excitement"
"Yeah thank you you ungrateful bast.....","gratitude"
"Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday","amusement"
"Oh noooo. I once accidentally rubbed my eye after handling habaneros. It's the worst.","disappointment"
"Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].","approval"
"That has to be an understatement, I know several myself","disappointment"
"That’s cool. I had a few baby teeth dipped in gold and made into charms for a bracelet. Gorgeous work.","admiration"
"Its acts as a moisture barrier so the bread wont get soggy no matter what you put in it","approval"
"And you wonder why Labour get's a bad name for anti-Semitism with statements like that. Ok hun.","curiosity"
"The original argument was that he said the n word. Now the argument is that he just wanted to say it.","disapproval"
"Always and I appreciate your opinion good sir","admiration"
"I'll miss the podcast","disappointment"
"What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.","joy"
"Oh same here. Too relatable. Makes me wonder what 50 year old me will miss about the body I've got now.","neutral"
"Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury","disappointment"
"When they stop showing literally every big Viking loss in these games.","disappointment"
"i would feel really uneasy knowing i can never visit other countries, i think i would rather have the 50K","nervousness"
"I was told that upon waking up from a surgery, my first phrase was “don’t Terri [NAME] me” ☹️","sadness"
"I think its his brother ?","curiosity"
"Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.","approval"
"Those guys are dolphinetly not putting her down far enough to get the ball on porpoise.","disapproval"
"The last two years of heart-breaking Saints playoff losses have *almost* made up for the horror of 2009.","grief"
"Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.","confusion"
"Beverly Hills. They did a whole season about UNDERWEAR. I can't imagine why anyone would pick Jersey in this current phase of [NAME] domination.","embarrassment"
"Don’t forget to re-equip them for every specialist every time you prestige too! Oh and the emotes too if you like donating kills!","neutral"
"Good to see this getting traction again. It really exposes [NAME] to be a useful idiot, and his supporters to be even dumber than that.","approval"
"Had such a hard time cutting up the steak","annoyance"
"It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.","grief"
"Acestream is a great tool, just a shame that it's closed source, makes it a bit scarier for me to use.","admiration"
"I love [NAME].. I just hate how he leaves the net SO MUCH. He's got the heart of a defense. Damn that beautiful bastard.","admiration"
"I love how you're making an assumption to try and make a point.","annoyance"
"this is amazing","admiration"
"Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone","sadness"
"It's holiday time here in Europe. Today is my first day in work for 2 weeks.","excitement"
"> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.","anger"
"Bah gawd, she is broken in half!","neutral"
"He gets to watch boxing for free and get paid for it. It's probably his dream job. I'm happy for him! :)","gratitude"
"Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]","approval"
"RTD lines are free in Denver tonight. Stay safe.","approval"
"I was expecting a fun game about dolphins once upon a time...mistakes were made.","excitement"
"Hmm I wonder why the bot copy text LAOP says is in NY when the original post says LAOP says he's in TX","curiosity"
"That sounds terrible.","fear"
"[NAME] is amazing.","admiration"
"You know it’s really bad when the lashes are bigger than the brows","embarrassment"
"Good to know thank you! Is per diem at hospital?","gratitude"
"I started this morning barging seven minutes late into a meeting that was not the meeting I thought it was. W E L P","realization"
"I know that feeling man","neutral"
"nice one gards!!","admiration"
"It's been with me all day. Those reams of entries is one of the most quietly horrific things I've ever seen.","disgust"
"You are the one who wants them to waste away. That is literally your position.","neutral"
"you don’t have to wake up if you don’t sleep to begin with. problem solved","realization"
"I wouldn't ever make a broad generalization like that. Typical honkies, assuming stuff","confusion"
"Nope, not a [NAME] fan at all.","neutral"
"As someone who loves to play [NAME], FML. ","love"
"“I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.”","desire"
"Wow, /r/noisygifs for real. First time I genuinely felt I could hear it.","joy"
"I would give it a day before people started changing their minds if we had this option","desire"
"“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao","fear"
"THANK YOU!!","gratitude"
"U guys are like match made in heaven ♥️♥️♥️","admiration"
"It's a gift.","neutral"
"Well you came to the right place","neutral"
"Weirdly enough that's my favorite part of his videos: the ending sting/title card It reminds me of old school racing and fighting games with those over-the-top announcers","disgust"
"I feel like you should, in commemoration.","annoyance"
"This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out ","neutral"
"Even one second gets you killed against focus fire, especially if you're discorded, which is almost always in this meta. ","anger"
"With the Mets, I expect the worst 24/7/365.","neutral"
"For sure. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Also assumes a kid only has one teacher K-12 at school. Which is ridiculous.","disapproval"
"This comment is exactly what [NAME] also said about redditors blowing tweets waaaaayy out of proportion.","neutral"
"Funny part is, having financial issues is a reason why someone wouldn’t be able to get that job. Isn’t that hilarious?","amusement"
"Gotta wash your ass somehow. It makes it more funny that someone is as offended by it as you though.","amusement"
"I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.","disappointment"
"This never gets old for me!!!!","neutral"
"Pm me the discord info","curiosity"
"I appreciate that there's correct number of YES in there. It's so rare.","admiration"
"Not in Missouri according to my friend who moved up there","neutral"
"The [NAME] story is pretty amazing. Excellent stuff! My ears are both firmly attached. Thanks.","love"
"Gotta love the "its a metaphor" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]","approval"
"I'm glad it only sprayed soda when his thumb went into the can, and not blood everywhere.","relief"
"Borrowed time is stupid","annoyance"
"I I'm so honored","gratitude"
"If they are [NAME] supporters who are now reaping what they sowed, the laughing is appropriate.","approval"
"I like your style.","admiration"
"That is the first positive thing I’ve ever read about NJ transit.","approval"
"The paradox is not working, then also collecting entitlements is still theft.","annoyance"
"Greatest part of that goal is the pique backheel for me. What is he even doing there :))","curiosity"
"I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?","annoyance"
"In Catholicism, old is good. Truth does not change with the times. Malichi 3:6 "...for I am the [NAME], I change not".","admiration"
"The transit will be rapid until it, too, becomes bogged down by stops on every other block.","approval"
"[NAME] [NAME], you made me think I was going colorblind for a second! How are there more colors in your rainbow than in mine?","confusion"
"Don’t you spit facts! Downvote for you (everyone) with no reply. They don’t reply to good arguments just downvote you.","neutral"
"Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show","love"
"But platonic cuddling is comfy (after making sure the consent stuff is a ok for all parties)","relief"
"Was less worried about spelling and more worried about warning everyone in the match","disappointment"
"Bridge trolls people, people trolls back the bridge, not sure what's happening now","confusion"
"Bagel Bites?! Blashphemous! Pizza rolls or die. (All joking aside, welcome! And Bagel Bites are freaking delicious)","neutral"
"One more pos to add to the heap.","neutral"
"Sure you can, but the question is whether or not the kid will listen, or if you will upset the parent. ","confusion"
"I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.","realization"
"It's been over a decade since consoles decided to mandate wireless controllers and I'm still annoyed by it.","annoyance"
"That’s actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!","excitement"
"!RemindMe 24 hours","neutral"
"I’m totally having a fantasy about publicly shaming someone for giving their server attitude right now. Sweet justice.","neutral"
"This is art that I found via google","neutral"
"Seriously, [NAME], if you happen to see this, I love not just your work, but who you are. Thanks for being awesome. ❤️","gratitude"
"This is way too oblivious to not be satire","neutral"
"That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.","anger"
"Really confused how every comment with more than 1 upvote says this isnt cringe and yet the post has 1.3k votes...?","confusion"
"dont get how it was a bad episode. this sub really likes to nitpick i guess.","anger"
"No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.","annoyance"
"Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack","gratitude"
"How convenient /s","neutral"
"Id rather have native tribes have the opportunities than big business. And we really don't need anymore casinos anyways. Edit: in my opinion","neutral"
"I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊","joy"
"[NAME] is seriously in the top 5 best female characters ever written for TV.","approval"
"> some blue dog dems will resist Are you kidding me? The Dem establishment won't give her an inch","annoyance"
"She doesn’t even like dog fetus, how picky of her","disappointment"
"What are the odds it isn't someone on this list? I don't remember if the [NAME] hire was totally out of the blue or not","curiosity"
"Aww thank you. That’s very sweet.","gratitude"
"I miss old [NAME]","love"
"I can be hard on KAT at times but boy am I glad he signed here for 5 more years","gratitude"
"good luck! I wish you the best <33","optimism"
"How crazy is that, matrix confirmed.","excitement"
"Is it just me, or do these children look really uncomfortable around the Duggars? The smiles look forced...","confusion"
"You seem fun","amusement"
"Yes!!!","neutral"
"I told them I’m not ETFSEC so they cancelled the call :(","neutral"
"Was he the only short guy you dated?","neutral"
"Why not $1 million per hour muhahahah","amusement"
"What do you think is happening in the post? Read it again and describe your feelings","curiosity"
"Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.","anger"
"Because it was smh lol","amusement"
"Scotch tape for a leak. You might have better chances just asking it really nicely to stop.","neutral"
"Gotta cop the crust","neutral"
"This has been my dream for years!!!","excitement"
"Well that's because you're close-minded. But meh. I don't need your respect. ;)","annoyance"
"2009. What a year to be a 10 year old","neutral"
"Had me worried for a bit. As a [NAME], I’ve always been impressed with [NAME] love of their country ( great anthem too).","amusement"
"Probably looks more like the walls of any room you've inhabited for more than 10 seconds.","neutral"
"That such a sad flop [NAME]","sadness"
"“Stop. What are you doing? Stop.” 😂","neutral"
"Pretty sure this is how she'll learn to scream, "Mom! MOM! MOMMY! MOM!"","neutral"
"I would hope the guy is genuine and honest, but in my circumstances, there's not much closure. ","annoyance"
"I'm really appreciate someone saying this.","admiration"
"I feel shot in the heart.","sadness"
"I'd rather take the chance that a kind, helpful comment falls on deaf ears than a snide one ends up hurting someone. ","sadness"
"Wow, you probably live in a messed up place.","optimism"
"Is that the hot sauce she keeps in her bag?","confusion"
"I needed this in my life","desire"
"What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.","neutral"
"Beautiful face, but scenically over the top","admiration"
":O shame.","embarrassment"
"Didn’t notice but yeah he probably was in some prison gang that they don’t want shown.","realization"
"Wow, season 3 is actually out already. Need to check it out","neutral"
"It’s all a show. Welcome to season one of tanking in the Windy City.","neutral"
"Normally the posts on this subreddit are pretty innocent and vanilla.....yeah not this one I think I’ll pass on “TheDickPill”","approval"
"Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].","surprise"
"What? The claim is 2018 best shooters. Not overall best shooters","realization"
"No, just dont show off your books. ","annoyance"
"Haha exactly right!!","approval"
"Borderline Personality Disorder. It can be hard for me to form lasting relationships, although I’ve been doing pretty well over the last few years.","realization"
"Can’t die alone if you got yourself","realization"
"So..the head [NAME], is afraid of being rammed?","neutral"
"Will quickly be removed from lobby screen but the game mode selection button will keep the annoying warning/advert.","annoyance"
"There is also no dog in the white house. Why? Because dogs can smell an asshole a mile away.","approval"
"Interesting isnt it?","curiosity"
"The next year: Well, sequel time already, huh? Welcome back, I guess.","optimism"
"I'm really happy he and [NAME] are finding success","neutral"
"Stop the algorithm 😂😂 Like she’s living in the matrix or something!","curiosity"
"OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•","joy"
"Not [NAME]. He really didn’t seem like the Canuck players that played with him missed him at all.","disapproval"
"I'm good. Happy with my boyfriend.","admiration"
"Because nobody in their right mind would ever buy it","neutral"
"Thank you anyway! I’m 30 and I don’t get a lot of these things.","gratitude"
"Everybody let’s join hands","neutral"
"The whole thing is poetry. That finish is magic. Nose to the mit. Love this !","admiration"
"You literally changed someone's life for the better. You made the world a better place. Thank you for helping change the stigma against autism.","admiration"
"Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if it’s true...","sadness"
"They're hoping that him being found guilty was the news item that mattered, and they can let him off easy now that the attention has died down.","neutral"
"Counteracting my cold soul takes sacrifice","neutral"
"Uh oh. I think I love Calabro. That was a hilarious call. Gotta love it!","amusement"
"It looks like it's outdoors in the snow, so you'd be wearing gloves anyway.","neutral"
"That unfortunately still doesn’t stop the thoughts or really address any issue I raised in my post. thanks for your concern though mate. I appreciate it","admiration"
"I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...","excitement"
"Easy to forget [NAME] since he was hurt but I'd add him to your list.","neutral"
"Did you remember [NAME]?","neutral"
"Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.","gratitude"
"But I was told that sub was for civil discussion!!!","confusion"
"Nobody will ever be interested in me anyway, so it doesn't matter if I tell people I'm a virgin or not. ","neutral"
"By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)","anger"
"Was that before or after the Sulphuric Sphincter show?","confusion"
"He should have become an Uber driver","approval"
"I was getting changed!","neutral"
"Okay, a little confusion. Why are those “d”s not cancelling out? Edit :skittle-a little","curiosity"
"Or the Samsquatch","neutral"
"That was beautiful.","admiration"
"But who is filming him?","curiosity"
"You can smell the basement from here on him","neutral"
"Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl","optimism"
"> I know plenty of religious/semi-religious [NAME] who are not [NAME] in practice or belief. What term do they use to identify themselves as, though?","confusion"
"Haha! It didn’t HAVE to be but I didn’t want anyone having unrealistic expectations just because I said the word “inches”.","amusement"
"That's hot ... *Notices tags* "Fooled again ÒwÓ"","excitement"
"Goodbye to what QCX own you once Ernst & Young Inc pay themselves","annoyance"
"I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]","joy"
":) I like this.","excitement"
"I didn’t actually know that. I wish I was surprised.","optimism"
"That's kind of sad to be honest.","sadness"
"Exactly. Last year we were saying, “Don’t worry...next year we will get [NAME] or [NAME]. Or both.” What a joke ","amusement"
"Even [NAME] got sick of grunge","sadness"
"We lap up the bitter tears of misguided young men, some weird stuff in here.","caring"
"I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.","anger"
"He did not cheat on you. He ended it with that other woman before committing to you.","neutral"
"I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!","approval"
"Wouldn't wipe my arse with it.","annoyance"
"This was a hate crime. Cut and dried.","anger"
"OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•","surprise"
"Yep, hell of a listener","anger"
"This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!","neutral"
"Cake! Happy days!","excitement"
"When it comes to cooking thermometers are your best friends.","neutral"
"Then the school had a special assembly to honor this hero and everyone clapped.","neutral"
"My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.","anger"
"That would be an unfamiliar feeling","sadness"
"Well, bless your heart","caring"
"I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy. ","love"
"I just hope [NAME] gets hired","optimism"
"[NAME] is lining up for West Ham, holy shit im excited to see this play out","excitement"
"Kk cause I love touching up my tops so I'm just making sure 😂 &#x200B;","love"
""Ahyuck, did ya see that Baseball/Football/Basketball game last night" <--- you, probably.","excitement"
"[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth","approval"
"Mexico's or USA?","neutral"
"This is what I love about cats","love"
"really odd choose with pairing slack and sunfan together. These 2 should always be paired with a high IQ caster","approval"
"[NAME] had talked about this entire operation is shady with an anti abortion agenda that's hidden behind their intentionally misleading name.","neutral"
"[NAME] looked like he was having a heart attack the entire game... welcome to the madhouse lol","amusement"
"Just don’t bother. Let them have their hateful circle jerk. When they lock eyes while coming, that’s their favorite.","anger"
"EXACTLY. Not only is it incredibly important, but it's incredibly **fun** as well. ","approval"
"Should have just looked at them in disbelief and said what you don't make the police that have to work Christmas day a nice lunch. Lol","amusement"
"I know! I'd buy this for my unit my coworkers would love it 😂","love"
"Well I mean technically it’s not healthy anymore","neutral"
"Are you implying that I can not determine guilt by seeing a person's skin color and tense smile, you fucking racist?","anger"
"It's not illegal but cars insurance is usually primary and health secondary. Her health insurance will ask what caused the injury and likely subro against your auto insurance","neutral"
"Before we continue, I would first like to ask you what you believe net neutrality to be so that I know we're both operating under similar definitions.","neutral"
"[NAME] is the man.","neutral"
"**LET’S GO HAWKS!!!**","excitement"
"they were very hot for me half way in the year now diamonds seem dead opened 200 packs last week got 1 diamond","neutral"
"Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.","gratitude"
"I'm going to put my life first and run away.","neutral"
"Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry' ","remorse"
"It was on a washed out road in the at 2am. Which makes it even worse. They never should have been towing that vic.","disgust"
"Man they must really hate [NAME] out of position at SF. But let’s play [NAME] at SF that should work.","neutral"
"I did the same with a group of buddies. Nonetheless, Happy New Year!","joy"
"I mean, one has to do the research. Buying a lemon doesn't mean that having a car is "worthless".","neutral"
"DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!","anger"
"53 months?? That is insane, must've been a different type of octopus then the one I was learning about. ","curiosity"
"Just traded [NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] in dynasty. Go to SF","neutral"
"Lmao it wasn’t free, we were stealing","amusement"
"What doesn't exist? You won't even say what you mean by the term.","neutral"
"Could listen to it coz everyone talking.. not a bad thing coz the dude in the do rag was whack as fuck.","relief"
"Cool, yeah I feel I’m too old for college girls and too young for more mature women. But gotta work on myself for sure","neutral"
"accept no substitutes","approval"
"Excellent summary.","admiration"
"Ok. Believe what you want. Have fun starving to death.","amusement"
"It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.","anger"
"[NAME] pays big. He bought out Hot Doug’s so he could enjoy their foie gras sausages 4x a day.","neutral"
"Matinee games should not be allowed for us anymore, we’re terrible at matinee games","disgust"
"What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.","admiration"
"Are you one of them? Sorry. You asked for it. 😂","curiosity"
"What something is missing? Curious on your thoughts","curiosity"
"the force awakes wasn't a clear insult, it was just mediocre.","embarrassment"
"This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit","approval"
"The 10 game rule for expansion also includes AHL games, so regardless of his stint up here he was going to be made available in the Seattle draft","neutral"
"User name says you are a scumbag [NAME]. I’m confused","confusion"
"Well ya ideally should be cleaning piercings with sterile saline anyway sooo.","neutral"
"Had a quick listen and it could potentially be my jam! Thank you, kind [NAME] :)","gratitude"
"i just want emotional connection, im not missing out on anything as far as not having sex for sex's sake is concerned ","neutral"
"Not a deal breaker for me. But it depends on a lot of factors. How and when she takes it and so?","confusion"
"Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!","optimism"
"Completely disgusting.","disgust"
"We either bout to get a road win or have another historical collapse","optimism"
"I don't find anything about women appealing.","disapproval"
"So many great shows they killed because they didn't advertise them and put them at terrible air times :(","fear"
"Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...","amusement"
"Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.","approval"
"Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.","love"
"> [NAME] huh she hasn't even cast a vote on anything yet, you can't just apply your preconceived biases onto a person without a voting record","neutral"
"I've found that reading before bed helps my brain get tired without needing to exhaust myself by staying up very late.","neutral"
"Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.","nervousness"
"[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.","disapproval"
"The fourth person could be [NAME]. But looking at the trailer it’s probably [NAME] who is back because of [NAME] tumour. Sigh.","neutral"
"salarians don't have marriage, that's probably on account of their short lifespans. ","neutral"
"So many enablers!","neutral"
"There is a bud superhighway called Interstate 80 that connects PA to CO.","neutral"
"Oh [NAME], someone did it already, and it was 3 DAYS AGO O.O","surprise"
"[NAME] forbid someone make a joke around YOU","disapproval"
"So, can we not customise weapons anymore? These all look like the ugly unique weapons in FC5 I would never use.","annoyance"
"11 seconds. I'll try harder next time.","desire"
"He's manipulating you by using his mental illness as an excuse for his behavior. He knows what he's doing too.","anger"
"Cruz Azul choked? I never would have expected that from them, thanks for the heads up","gratitude"
"What in the actual fuck are these refs doing right now.","anger"
"Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)","desire"
"Got boomhauer(?)(boom-how-er) pretty right tho his character was apparantly a [NAME].","neutral"
"Fart. Far less humiliating particularly in front of family or strangers","embarrassment"
"You need to reevaluate your life","approval"
"Lots of community theaters have great programs. What part of the valley are you in?","curiosity"
"He came flying out of nowhere for that. I was impressed.","admiration"
"Can't believe [NAME] has been in the league that long...","surprise"
"Awesome. Thank you so much!","admiration"
"Actually, in some cases it's best certain people _don't_ think about the children..,,","neutral"
"when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol","amusement"
"Well the non mainstream media isn't saying he's doing a good job either, just that his opponent who should be in jail. ","neutral"
"They never seem to think this when the police arrive, with their guns, to end a terrible situation. ","disgust"
"She actually survived the incident, I don’t know if anyone has the article","approval"
"Thanks for saying that, but yeah: you really need to do something about your boy there. He’s not right.","disapproval"
"i'm not that into shower sex tho. like it's fun sometimes, but it takes me so long to get off when i'm wet.","neutral"
"Thank you. [NAME]","gratitude"
"If you're in luck, she might be waiting to be independent and find you but the chances are very slim. ","neutral"
"After five years she realizes that's not for her? No offense but thats a long time to do so.","realization"
"I don't think my town has a market.","disapproval"
"The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.","sadness"
"Okay this meme is getting old now.","neutral"
"Welcome to the depressed group","neutral"
"Well modern first world commies don't do anything, so that's good","admiration"
"Hey buddy might wanna take it easy!","caring"
"Thank you. I’m glad the club acted responsibly.","gratitude"
"You're right, but you forgot to mention they are registered [NAME]","neutral"
"The fuck?! You're in the wrong subreddit with this regressive bullshit victim blaming.","annoyance"
"Oh well... I'll like both of you.","joy"
"Fucking and being a boy","disgust"
"Kind of wierd to wield something you agree with someone on as a weapon against them","disapproval"
"Oh my, it belongs to r/comedyheaven. Laughed for a good minute","amusement"
"I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.","disappointment"
"Handsome man! Getting cuter with the years.","admiration"
"Clear lake is really nice (I’ve lived there for 5 years) and I’ve heard clear lake school district treats their teachers well.","admiration"
"I feel like this should be a copypasta... It's correct and I want the message to be spread...Can we make this a thing lol","amusement"
"Me to anyone:","neutral"
"Shame is a powerful drug","embarrassment"
"Thanks everybody!","gratitude"
"Or they freak out if it’s “not the right sub” for your post. Like calm down","neutral"
"Unfortunately there are also far less/weaker unions now too","sadness"
"I love Florida","love"
"Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems","optimism"
"Bet you $20 she had more in her than 0.05 hell, more than 0.08 hmm...","neutral"
"It's not about fixing anything, it's about making the wicked suffer.","neutral"
"It's a shortcut, dude, he just knows the map!","neutral"
"[NAME] is the best","neutral"
"[NAME] was the [NAME] of the [NAME] years. Didn't realise he was still about.","neutral"
"No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.","caring"
"Why,? It’s natural. That’s weird af.","curiosity"
"Now just sit back and wait for your boobs. So much phytoestrogen in one meal, it shouldn’t take long.","disapproval"
"The guy is clearly kidding... not sure how you missed that","confusion"
"Trouser maidens 😂 omg I love it.","love"
"We need some old school evil empire moves, sign [NAME] NOW!","desire"
"It's the lists fault!","neutral"
"Surly [NAME] always puts a smile on my face.","neutral"
"The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud","neutral"
"I love [NAME] at the net","love"
"As opposed to?","neutral"
"Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!","love"
"Ok you're a little homophobic","approval"
"Yea he does I only wish eli could do this","neutral"
"105 strikeouts over 81 2/3 innings. that's good lol [NAME]","amusement"
"Good for them","approval"
"Oh tell me about it. I'm INTJ","curiosity"
"See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.","anger"
"“NPCs”, “cucks”, “blue pillers” Well, there’s a reason nobody takes you seriously, buddy","approval"
"Just the kind of news I needed to hear!","neutral"
"It bothers me that he doesn’t respond to your texts. That’s weird","disgust"
"Well damn wish I could use venom too.","annoyance"
"Was really hoping for something about free aim in this update. Can't see myself playing gun rush against auto aimers lol","disappointment"
"Pfft. That's awful of him and her. They deserve each other then. Grab your shite and gtfo. Hope he enjoys his fog and dysfunction.","approval"
"Ah the high life. Must be sweet.","joy"
"Yeah the family loved you, who played porn at a family gathering with no warning. Sure.","neutral"
"I’m surprised I had to scroll this far down","surprise"
"anyone is allowed to talk to a therapist, and get counselling. that was never the issue","neutral"
"Didn’t the chinook end? How are her legs not freezing off?!","curiosity"
">the women's march chairs are so left wing they took a picture with LF.","neutral"
"Me since 2011 and still going strong :)","neutral"
"Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!","caring"
"Sapa is pretty good, but Takashi is by far the best quality sushi in Salt Lake.","admiration"
"So kind of like the Yellow Vests.","neutral"
"Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.","remorse"
"A horrendous amount of Sesame oil, god, that would be awful.","disgust"
"Oh and my heart is starting to back a little spastic but easy to control","neutral"
"I think some of them expect there to be a cashier standing like a statue at every register at all times no matter how slow business is!","neutral"
"How courageous of this man. He helped a distressed wild animal that can rip him to shreds. Good job sir.","neutral"
"this is so true!","approval"
"Leave ASAP. That is all. Your life will be better for it","caring"
"As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.","admiration"
"Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.","neutral"
"How are you supposed to get any links in the first place if no site is trustworthy as you say?","neutral"
"dang, [NAME] with 4 and hes only 30! ","neutral"
"At least she didn't cough into it afterwards. Double whammy","optimism"
"At the time it was a steal, and all the players we traded have basically been worst case scenario for the A's.","anger"
"Hes a daywalker!","neutral"
"The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.","gratitude"
"How would you get off? HOW WOULD YOU GET OFF?!?!","annoyance"
"Why him* Having a healthy sex drive isn't a problem.","approval"
"Talk to a psychologist. Sorry but they can help if you think you have a problem","neutral"
"Applied Math lol.","amusement"
"Good luck with your short","admiration"
"Ahhhh, the ol' cotton candy hat trick.","neutral"
"Take some time to ponder why you fancy yourself intelligent when you revel in pedantry and can't even understand such a simple point.","annoyance"
"I've been twice and both locations had a serious bee problem.","neutral"
"Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.","approval"
"Please give us updates. Oh wow.","excitement"
"Democrat politician, my bad should have specified. We are mostly all “liberals” here even if we’ve been alienated on this issue.","approval"
"READ HER!","neutral"
"Interesting, I'll scoop some","realization"
"Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].","curiosity"
"Apparently Sim groomed a 14 year old girl.","neutral"
"Man that's making me reconsider not buying his jersey...","neutral"
"[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe","neutral"
"that is what retardation looks like","neutral"
"Daaang [NAME] lost weight!!!! Is she making a comeback?","curiosity"
"> Blame the person who made the rules, not the enforce I am sticking with blaming both. ","annoyance"
"Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :)","surprise"
"Important part of this, surprising it's not there. ","surprise"
"If [NAME] gets the better of [NAME] today, EV should learn not to start [NAME] at RB against pacy attackers m ","neutral"
"I am getting so nervous watching this","nervousness"
"Cheers dude. Upvoted!","neutral"
"I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight","optimism"
"My dad wears that sweater every game day! It’s in much worse condition however","disgust"
"These look fantastic. Please go and work for the Suns, they need you more than they know.","admiration"
"photos taken moments before tragedy","neutral"
"[Did you really love the outcast cat in the photograph; editorializing is no longer permitted.","joy"
"Glad you found it!","joy"
"My wife is a [NAME] nut and I'm the Mets fan, this broke her.","admiration"
"I I'm so honored","approval"
"Well damn.","disappointment"
"I'm enjoying the witty comments but anyone want to throw in some analysis?","amusement"
"I'm 39 and still love being given chocolate.","love"
"gardnier has been a turnover machine tonight","optimism"
"Update: All is well with the old man. Thanks for letting me vent in a "creative way."","gratitude"
"I'm divorcing my narcissistic ex and that book helped me so much!","admiration"
"Time to go to heaven, son.","neutral"
"Remember, we still have freakin' Alaska","realization"
"I have 1200 hours and the highest i’ve ever been was silver elite. I should probably quit this game.","disapproval"
"My favorite is this gem where [NAME] told [NAME] to stop whining and there is no election rigging..two weeks before the election","neutral"
"i remember my grandparents seemed to hate each other. my grandpa had a hearing aid and when grandma starting nagging he'd reach up and turn it off.","disappointment"
"I'd rather [NAME] take the fight at this point, [NAME] looks ready to red mist","neutral"
"Ah Princess [NAME], the [NAME] of our childhoods","love"
"If charity worked, everyone in the world would be fed and healthy in this precise moment. Also, how are you going to enact basic income without social institutions?","curiosity"
"After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.","desire"
"No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.","annoyance"
"Had to stop and wonder what [NAME] has to do with this before I realize you wrote dumpster","curiosity"
"I passed the aftermath of this wreck on the other side of I-20. What a tragedy.","sadness"
"Lol yeah. It’s cute that he said it but didn’t realise it could have a double meaning.","admiration"
"Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye","gratitude"
"What a tool!","annoyance"
"Idk why anyone would think PMing abusive messages is above the law on reddit.","neutral"
"If you are at the stage where you want to quit then all you have to do is believe you can quit","disappointment"
"> Suggestions like this are why Blizzard don't take their own community seriously. This should be this sub's slogan.","annoyance"
"Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!","admiration"
"I can't watch Isco rotting on the bench and LV playing instead.","relief"
"I picked up smoking again thinking it would aid that void that is working. It just made it worse.","disappointment"
"Thats what makes me think OP is secretly the "nice guy" here.","love"
"I'm so happy you said this. I just accepted that I was going crazy.","approval"
"Ok I'm pretty sure [NAME] has been part of the main cast since episode 1...","admiration"
"From an Instagram post about the judge critiquing [NAME] look","neutral"
"Ah. I should've noticed that after my grandma shared it on FaceBook","neutral"
"I miss [NAME]","sadness"
"Yes, it's normal. More like considering you options than desperation","approval"
"Is this [NAME]?","neutral"
"Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness","approval"
"Did that EVER work? Why did [NAME] keep going to that play over and over again when it resulted in 4th down after 4th down?","confusion"
"Someone had to "strongly reccomend" that he didnt take another shot at that..... The stupid is incredibly strong with this one.","neutral"
"It's great! And it's his own choice, you don't force him.","admiration"
"Banks! I knew it!","neutral"
"Mozzarella sticks!","neutral"
"thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard","amusement"
"How do you plan on taking care of 2 infants at the age of 18? What about the third one?","curiosity"
"[NAME] marched with [NAME]!!!","neutral"
"Is he really your buddy if you have to ask us how to talk to him?","confusion"
"I like her too! I hope she does well and stays away from [NAME].","gratitude"
"Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news","disapproval"
"She looks JUST like that little girl [NAME] that won America’s Got Talent, the ventriloquist. ","neutral"
"That would actually be awesome.","admiration"
"I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)","gratitude"
"It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become "Posterboy for edgy manchilds"","sadness"
"That's a cute kitty :3","admiration"
"After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really don’t like you.","love"
"yeah, they both suck... i am not a customer of either, and never will be again.","disappointment"
"I like to believe he faked his own death, so he can enjoy his many Bitcoin coins and wealth. ","love"
"Ugh... hate when people talk to me when I'm fishing. This would be so awful hahaha","disgust"
"2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.","love"
"cant be gay if you die from polio at 4 years old","neutral"
"Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.","relief"
"That might’ve been the worst pass he’s ever thrown. Yikes","disgust"
"Way to cherry pick. Remember that time that [NAME] person got lit up for like, 9 goals against or something? Man, that guy sure sucked.","disapproval"
"off [NAME] you lame ass I bet you smell like bellybutton lint.","neutral"
"Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...","disgust"
"Congratulations, go for a beer and watch a Leaf game on Saturday! HNIC.","joy"
"Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.","disapproval"
"I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...","annoyance"
"My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.","annoyance"
"Self driving cars still won't help fix the problem if old people can't afford them","disapproval"
"Those smuggler missions were decently fun. Hold on a minute, I think I may play [NAME] again just to pass the time...","amusement"
"It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.","pride"
"this strikes me hard. I wish i knew my way out of this","optimism"
"Furry btw so why don’t you take yourself also","curiosity"
"Puts me to sleep. If I want to watch a bunch of dummies be dysfunctional and commit crimes I'll watch Always Sunny.","desire"
"Stop opening the pictures. Stop giving her the attention. Go no contact and watch her come running back to you.","disapproval"
"Possibly, but not if it actually succedes","neutral"
"Not initially, however... ","disapproval"
"He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!","disgust"
"Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.","excitement"
"You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.","disapproval"
"I like them all as long as they are not fake.","annoyance"
"I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories","love"
"I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.","joy"
"I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.","disapproval"
"Saying cancer isn’t bad precluded you from being a rational human being.","confusion"
"My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.","love"
"I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol","desire"
"Mo bam a or sicko mode","neutral"
"It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.","disappointment"
"Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.","anger"
"But it's soooo obvious.","neutral"
"Recent Russian behavior is unacceptable...no doubt about it.","neutral"
"I think the book portrayal is more ambiguous than you say. I like that the show leans into one interpretation of her character instead of keeping it vague.","disapproval"
"Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.","neutral"
"What was that behind the back nonsense, criminy. TO THE BENCH","disgust"
"I have, I've always wanted to celebrate Christmas and actually have a more closer family","neutral"
"I’m sorry. Happy Birthday! I care ❤️","caring"
"i passed thanks everyone","gratitude"
"LOL, what kind of company?","amusement"
"That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.","realization"
"I will, Thank you!!","gratitude"
"True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not. ","desire"
"You should call the cops of he comes back, I'm going to guess your coworker has plenty of similar stories about him.","curiosity"
"Now were talking. Acknowledge our short comings and bring in a guy that is essentially a solution to most of them. Love it.","approval"
"IDK about you, but associating things with [NAME] do *not* make me want them more. Even delicious Cheetos. ","neutral"
"I've always encouraged people to check out far-Eastern Oregon... like Boise.","caring"
"Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.","anger"
"Gotta protect’em!","caring"
"But how does he.....but where will he......can he even........fuck it I’m out","confusion"
"HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.","disgust"
"They are both lame.","neutral"
"Well dayum that was cool.","admiration"
"Fish tanks and fiddlesticks, that was intense!","neutral"
"Omg this is so amazing ! Keep up the awesome work and have a fantastic New Year !","admiration"
"But how can a [NAME]?","neutral"
"You’ve got the slight shit-eating grin of a long-tenured predatory priest with immunity due to inside dirt on the bishop.","neutral"
"Same.... I'm just perplexed","excitement"
"Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!","caring"
"I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die","fear"
"I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]","anger"
"We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.","sadness"
"I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.","desire"
"The constant pressure definitely isn't helping. I'm already on anti-depressants, but I am terrified of PPD.","fear"
"There is clearly something really goddamned wrong with the policy then.","realization"
"Maybe this one is more correct? Yours don't have Amarillo in the billboard","confusion"
"Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!","desire"
"Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.","annoyance"
"All you need to read is [NAME] death near the end of the book to remind you... “Twas a comical effect.”","neutral"
"Looks deliriously boring.","disappointment"
"Nia even in its current state vr can help you with that. And maybe even more 5 years from now.","caring"
"Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico","surprise"
"Airport is crazy busy. T2 specifically. Crazy crazy. Get there earlier if dropping bags... Virgin even had temp checkin desks on the footpath outside.","neutral"
"Ya I have rain barrels out in the region and it's crazy how dry this winter has been. Totally abnormal.","neutral"
"Yeah, hopefully the lesson learned from this is that our level of airport security is stupid and unnecessary and not that [NAME] is risking another 9/11 ","neutral"
"I don’t think you even know what you are talking about yourself","curiosity"
"That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.","realization"
"Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ","admiration"
"Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action","sadness"
"And by the way that it is","neutral"
"What's wrong with in group preference? Every other group does this. It's not a right vs left thing.","neutral"
"Such a strange signing, hopefully he wont cause to many problems in the dressing room","embarrassment"
"YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO","annoyance"
"what a ground licker. Day 9799 of being alive - I still hate people.","annoyance"
"*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*","anger"
"We also one because [NAME] straight took that game over late.","neutral"
"Probably from all the teens that get drunk and then start trouble. But because they are dumb teenagers they end up bringing fists to a knife fight..","neutral"
"Holy shit he hit him hard","annoyance"
"They were nice in the PMs just wanted me to be aware that my tone was kind of callus about mental illness","neutral"
":( im sorry","remorse"
"That beat is mad smooth","neutral"
"::but I like baby bangs:: /tiny voice","admiration"
"Damn, I hope that lady unloaded the rest of the bread and cleared out like a fart in the wind before homeslice came back.","optimism"
"I don't drink at all specifically because the next day is sheer terror.","disapproval"
"Anzac day rules are even dumber","annoyance"
"If she loves the place she’s at why leave? There’s something to be said for that. Idk your all’s financial situation tho","curiosity"
"Haha love it","love"
"because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste","admiration"
"It is though, you just want that to be false.","neutral"
"Pretty fuking sure exit scam..","admiration"
"This is just a terrible joke","annoyance"
"Yeah transgenders are stupid.","neutral"
"And of course, instead of calling out the men responsible for this behavior, the "Not all men" crowd has arrived in full force.","remorse"
"Err, she's still a weird fake tan shade, just oranger.","disgust"
"This is not porn lol","amusement"
"“The failing of mistaking internet trend.” Clearly he is a grammatical genius.","admiration"
"Minke whale have never been endangered and are delicious imo. Particularly minke whale carpaccio","neutral"
"I was kidding.","amusement"
"I always wondered where it was on ormond. I managed to find the toolbox last week on yamaoka as killer.","admiration"
"A little optimistic to call it trolling. He's pretty Damn stupid, let's not put anything past him.","anger"
"He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games. ","admiration"
"That seems pretty rough. If I ask Google for directions from white center to Fiona it’s only an hour by bicycle even.","disapproval"
"When a dog brinks you it's toy, that's the sweetest thing it can do :)","joy"
"That’s not cool","disapproval"
"My guess is they work with older folks","neutral"
"Lol "not sure what I'm going to do." Maybe stop digging through people's trash and judging it?","amusement"
"[NAME] deliver me from this nightmare I'm stuck in.","neutral"
"Update us?","neutral"
"It's a people problem, not an evil man problem. So if their perspective always paints men as the perpetrator, their perspective is flawed.","neutral"
"I'm most excited, honestly, for the new batches of eastern coral antivenom.","excitement"
"[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.","grief"
"The ones that actually think he's worse than [NAME] also thinki its ok to raise their kids genderless.","sadness"
"[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!","realization"
"Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.","annoyance"
"She looks late 30s. She’s gorgeous.","admiration"
"or, you're just being a good mom. Don't take his comments personally.","neutral"
"I LOVE this.","love"
"This game like 30 dollars on Humble Bundle on PC. When it goes down again (sale has expired) I'll try to buy it again.","optimism"
"You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.","admiration"
"I remember being so excited when we got AAA back, even though it cost us Fournier...man, that sure went south. #ThanksShaw","excitement"
"Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.","anger"
"It’s more important to document it for karma.","neutral"
"Very well said.","approval"
"imagine being engaged to someone and then finding out he has been hiding that he is a MLP fan","neutral"
"Seeing this kind of vulnerability makes me appreciate her music.","admiration"
"[NAME] do not have a profound love of mayo, where did you get that idea?","joy"
"Thank you [NAME]. Best of luck. I'll always remember your goal to clinch MLS Cup 2017.","gratitude"
"Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.","remorse"
"The Roy Laugh is the show's highest honor.","neutral"
"Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...","amusement"
"Most underrated subreddit.","neutral"
"This was not only true, but pleasing to watch.","realization"
"Sorry to hear that, brother. Why do you feel more lonely now compared to usual?","remorse"
"my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.","joy"
"My dads dislocated his twice. If it happens once, the knee is sometimes weakened which means it can happen again easily. ","optimism"
"yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself","caring"
"Well then I feel sorry for men for being such incontrolable sexual beasts I guess. My original answer was sincere, I can't speak for others though.","annoyance"
"Not to be the joke of the entire league","anger"
"[NAME] will be gone. Although I think end of the first is where he should go, he will go super early","admiration"
"The only one I'd recomend is [NAME] to be honest","approval"
"I just got banned from one of his subreddits, I haven't been this excited for a ban since the snap from /r/thanosdidnothingwrong!","approval"
""Chicken" out ","neutral"
"I don't know what that is so I dont care... you wont hear me clapping","neutral"
"They’re speaking Spanish and the character is racist, making the experience terrifying","neutral"
"Oh well, you can thank all the illegals coming into America illegally for that one. ","gratitude"
">but part of the whole inequality picture is women receiving lower pay for the same jobs. Honestly? Doesn't happen.","approval"
"I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.","approval"
"[NAME] damn cummonists","annoyance"
"Like protesting for higher minimum wages and better benefits for worker? Yeah, we protest for the opposite in Canada.","approval"
"Right. Because our modern society is NOT eye for an eye. If it *was* eye for an eye, the cycle would be endless. Thus the saying.","approval"
"Hot dang, this almost makes me want to go to the dentist. ","desire"
"Well, that’s the strangest thing I’ve heard all day, I guess I might as well delete this post then","gratitude"
"Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself","relief"
"He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.","sadness"
"Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.","admiration"
"I need the band name on his hoodie for, professional reasons!","desire"
"Apologies, that distinction always slips my mind lol","amusement"
"didn’t know [NAME] was still alive","confusion"
"Attention, [NAME]! The Empire is attacking the city! I've got a score to settle...","fear"
"Congrats to your wife and you! Hope everything goes well!","gratitude"
"RemindMe! 2 months","neutral"
"That's amazing! I love this kind of thing. Birds flocking. Fireflies synchronizing.","excitement"
"What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.","admiration"
"Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.","approval"
"They definitely do They wouldn’t play something else then","neutral"
"Honestly thought it was a peeled banana...","approval"
"It was complimentary. Was it a fly? Quiet possibly.","confusion"
"You are right","approval"
"Edited because my kneejerk response was kind of unnecessarily harsh. :/","anger"
"It did put me off at first but after you get better with a weapon it becomes far less of an issue.","neutral"
"This little piggy went to the hospital...","neutral"
"my [NAME] this is just *yes*","excitement"
"Take the compliment you good egg x","gratitude"
"Well, I **NEVER**! "Lady, you really *should*."","neutral"
"Thanks for sharing :)","gratitude"
"He wants to make excuses for his affair and I doubt you'll feel better after listening to him. In fact, you may actually feel worse. ","remorse"
"Yes, I should be- GOOD LORD, WHAT IS HAPPENING IN THERE?","joy"
"You should re-think the credibility of whoever told you otherwise. Seems snarky to me.","curiosity"
"Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.","approval"
">I mean most of the native tribes beliefs are centered around Pleiadian star people. Nope.","neutral"
"I just drank some chocolate milk, now I'm a 9/10 supermodel with a great husband and my own island in a tropical location. Thanks! /s","admiration"
"They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!","gratitude"
"Nah I choked on my food","neutral"
"I see him doing that.","approval"
"This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.","joy"
"Let's go boys","neutral"
"There's a surprising amount of [NAME] in this thread.","surprise"
"[NAME] doesn't have a rolling r lmao","neutral"
"This is a slippery slippery slope that ends with the backstory to the Wrath of Khan dude.","neutral"
"I meant I wouldn't bring up wanting it to be vanilla and changing terms.","remorse"
"On-court obnoxiousness should be punished and has nothing to do with the game of playing tennis. Bring your A game hitting the ball or walk off the field.","annoyance"
"Eh... just watch the season. The leaked pic of untucked was the week she goes home.","joy"
"Oh man, I forgot about that! Which episode was that from?","curiosity"
"First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out...","disapproval"
"🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀I’m bad at this game🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀","disappointment"
"Nobody, thinks desi is offensive. Source : I am Indian. ","neutral"
"> Don't see the problem here if the guy is in his own house. Anyone else making that much noise would get a visit from the police.","neutral"
"Bottom right is the cutest","caring"
"[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb","annoyance"
"If I was any of those and my parents needed it, of course I'd do it. Everyone else: fuck you, pay me.","anger"
"I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here","annoyance"
"Awesome! Congratulations. That is a nice investment.","admiration"
"As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would ","optimism"
"Thanks man!","gratitude"
"I didn't say [NAME] was on the left. I asked how he isnt on the left, because I dont know. Thanks for your help.","confusion"
"Oh [NAME] your tolling.","neutral"
"HR is there to protect the company. Not you.","anger"
"It doesn’t work as well as you’d think, but thanks either way","gratitude"
"As a lover of PG and Scrubs, I've not seen this one. What a genius tongue in cheek celebration to [NAME], [NAME] and PG.","disapproval"
"Yes. The citizen received no “direct benefit or gain”. This is being looked at like someone paying for our lunch.","disappointment"
"Do not go gendered into that good lighting. *takes selfie*","approval"
"It just feels nice to share uplifting energy with people.","love"
"The economy of NI would thrive while the rest of the UK falls apart. They don't seem to know how good that deal would be.","neutral"
"That’s how it be","surprise"
"I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people ","love"
"Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.","annoyance"
"With Firing Range and Seaside having 2 variations, and everyone voting to replay them every time...It already feels like this","neutral"
"Would someone even be able to pursue a diagnosis for type 2 if they already suffer from type 1?","curiosity"
"That's a surprise from this guy.","surprise"
"I do this too, and it works, but I think it’s largely psychosomatic, right? ","embarrassment"
"Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.","admiration"
"Single payer is not what they have in Canada or the UK.","neutral"
"His other stuff is considerably more intense. His shows are pretty incredible.","admiration"
"The realization is pretty grim. Can't say I'm terribly happy.","joy"
"i’ve heard its convenient if its a particularly messy job","curiosity"
"If you’ve never been to DSA you’d be surprised by how many amazing, smart people you’ll meet. ","excitement"
"HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery","joy"
"Ah, I didn't understand the context.","confusion"
"You should. Come on man.","neutral"
"It's almost like OP is the real CB trying to make fun of people to get them mad and then screenshot it for karma","neutral"
"Wait his nostrils are plugged? Isn’t that the opposite of breathing?","neutral"
"Would be a real shame if someone volunteered to call [NAME] and ask [NAME] about dating a [NAME] who banged [NAME] and thirsts for Feits","neutral"
"Ive done this to a couple of people. It makes me feel really pleased with myself. Just riding in circles around people.","relief"
"Now it just looks like she has a cape...","neutral"
"Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating","sadness"
"That's gonna be a no from me dawg.","neutral"
"All the best, [NAME] bless.","gratitude"
"> Humans are empathetic and do this daily. I have to remind myself of this sometimes.","annoyance"
"I feel like we have a deceptively large fan base","realization"
"I mean, I believe even Showgirls is a better movie than TLJ at this point.","admiration"
"This is an attempted genocide. Genocide happens because of those seeking power, not because of religion or ethnicity or college educations. ","neutral"
"Did she happen to find a magical ring before she drown?","curiosity"
"Read it again. He "really likes" her. He never claimed to love her.","neutral"
">Parkour is better in odyssey Hah. Nice one. I was actually believing that this was a serious post up until that point.","disappointment"
"I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.","neutral"
"Jump already !!!","neutral"
"You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.","approval"
"What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.","disapproval"
"I like seeing this. There is hope. I want to hug this guy. He'll be allright.","caring"
"So people will support him in this fake news quick reaction political environment","neutral"
"Competent, maybe, but erratic, unpredictable, and somewhat homicidal. ","fear"
"> asylum Asylum doesn't mean "handouts"- they are abusing the asylum process because their countries are shitholes.","anger"
"This very thing got me diagnosed as ADD. I'm of the drugs now and feeling way much better.","relief"
"Its kinda odd,how theres always kinda a war between "Party music" and "Feelings Music"","confusion"
"Nasty, pigeons are nasty.","annoyance"
"I wonder how that works if the seatbelt wouldn’t fit even if they were sitting in a regular seat? They only go so far, right?","neutral"
"I feel the same on [NAME]. She's trying too hard to be hard-hitting etc. Thought she was poor on Thursday.","disappointment"
"Thanks and you too!","gratitude"
"could be, I have a distant aunt that's like 6 foot (we're kashmiri-punjabi).","neutral"
"Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.","admiration"
"100% yes","neutral"
"hum yhea i kind of agree, but i still dont understand what it has to do with the amount of devs left working on the game.","approval"
"We need an irbe so bad right now. I hope [NAME] is that guy","neutral"
"I aint going back. This is going turn [NAME]” to “unconditional love” big facts.","neutral"
"Disgusting trash feminazis, fuck your hijab","disgust"
"I thought he was trolling oops","embarrassment"
"Yep. She stopped wanting it after she got pregnant with #2","neutral"
"I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate","excitement"
"Seriously? I have to work Monday. I can’t be thinking like that over the weekend.","amusement"
"Weird flex but okay 💪","neutral"
"[NAME] just has to wait a few hundred years","neutral"
"I do this all the time and I have honestly never noticed.","neutral"
"Oof. Same guy probably would've had an aneurysm if he saw how much my boss charges for a cup of shredded cheese","neutral"
"Powerful stuff. I'm sorry I gave you this much time and credit.","annoyance"
"No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know","disapproval"
"me too it really b like that sometimes","neutral"
"That's amazing! I love this kind of thing. Birds flocking. Fireflies synchronizing.","admiration"
"Also drill man exists for an alternate for Balrog.","neutral"
"I like the dog better than you too.","admiration"
"Lol, my parents know my old account too and probably this one. The struggles are real","amusement"
"Omg this is too good.","admiration"
"What kind of frankenshoe...","curiosity"
"It looked like a bad suit of pajamas on Amell... which says something about the costume design.","realization"
"They should just give us the cup now and save everyone some time","neutral"
"Such grace.","admiration"
"It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !","approval"
"It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.","sadness"
"Through a glass door","neutral"
"Yes its absolutely freeing! And so pure :) Aaah my heart","joy"
"you obviously dont know how the wilpons work lol","amusement"
"Your sacrifice will be remembered.","admiration"
"I think you should nourish it with activated almonds.","approval"
"Of course they do, feminists are self-absorbed pigs that just want to control everything and never be held accountable for anything.","gratitude"
"but she got kicked out of japan and isn't allowed back bc she violated her visa lol edit- also no one in japan want her","amusement"
"Oh you mean a documentary he produced? I watched it and it felt kinda bias imo","neutral"
"Sad if step kids are nice children I am sorry they are in this dynamic","disappointment"
"The worst part is the character in the image behind it is great and this just hurts to read in his voice.","disappointment"
"Oof I’m glad this was the top post bc I literally came here to post it after seeing it on Facebook","grief"
"This is my husband","neutral"
"I'm new here. Can you help me understand what you mean? I read Jacobin quite a bit.","curiosity"
"The fact their team is stacked makes me hate them, along with [NAME] being a dirty player. Also they are in our division ","disapproval"
"Please elaborate on that story! Ive always been afraid of exactly this happening to me.","fear"
"Somewhere to buy a hella warm winter coat? #polarvortex","curiosity"
"Like really when did it become about good or bad sex I thought we were taking about one sided","neutral"
"Oh no! I'll check into it; there are transcripts available, but it isn't really the same thing, is it? ","disapproval"
"You can buy the full "girlfriend experience" with a hooker for way less than 13k lmao.","neutral"
"oh my good","amusement"
"Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on “fleek”","joy"
"[NAME] damnit, have your upvote ","annoyance"
"Ate too much “hot chips”","disappointment"
"I laughed but unfortunately [NAME] is our problem because of how close Canada and USA relations are.","amusement"
"That basically means this site steals and sells your data so they don't want to make it GDPR compliant.","disapproval"
"A stunning place, you will need lots of cuddles to stay warm though!","admiration"
"In your logic, billions of people being less poor is somehow a bad thing.","annoyance"
"That username lmao","neutral"
"Oh man that hurt to watch","fear"
"Hm. I just saw a kid steal a string from his kitty.","neutral"
"I will pray for your marriage. After we win.","approval"
"This is the truest statement I’ve ever read about [NAME]. May he smile mercifully upon you.","approval"
"Maybe crazy dude is looking to bring water to [NAME] in the 90s-set Fresh Off the Boat. Something about [NAME] does it for me too. /s","neutral"
"Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.","disapproval"
"If state showed any competence they would sue on behalf of the residents.","realization"
"We can agree this season is ♾ times better than AS3?","admiration"
"Hey you need that fifth DPS player that just keeps feeding or that bastion on attack.","neutral"
"Eh [NAME] left before and the show was fine. Then “she came crawling back from New York” lololll","neutral"
"Oh wow, that's interesting! Genesis is a pretty interesting take on the luxury car market, hope the brand succeeds!","surprise"
"Thank you for the level headed advice","gratitude"
"I was having a good day. We were ALL having a good day.","admiration"
"The butcher seems to bug out, and not pay you, after around 3 horseback pelts, anyway.","realization"
"You’re welcome","neutral"
"I don't think any game mode has a guarantee anymore. I five stacked last night in unranked and waited 15mins for a game. TL feels the shortest","neutral"
"And both are women... His lineage exists because of two foreign women. Take that in.","neutral"
"Does that have any bearing on as to why cats are preferred over dogs?","neutral"
"Or don’t. This sub would be half as fun without morbid people","neutral"
"But those rich kids get to save an additional $600!!! /s","neutral"
"You say tomato I say tomahto.","neutral"
"Lol the fact that actual fans can't afford tickets is why there are let's go heat chants at this game","neutral"
"So you have your twin 6'9 215 pound forwards playing different positions? Interesting gm'ing. I see why the Hornets are so terrible.","curiosity"
"I got I got I got...","excitement"
"Yeahhhh I’m going to go to sleep now...","approval"
"It's too bad that you think helping out the less fortunate is sad and make a joke about it . People like you are the problem.","annoyance"
"Good grief.","annoyance"
"WHY IS PULJUJARVI ON THE 4TH LINE?!?!?!?!?!","neutral"
"Oh interesting username","admiration"
"H-how did I not notice that?! I was looking at some of those shoes yesterday","nervousness"
"Demented feminist ad Literally is just ad saying don’t be a scumbag k","disgust"
"If he breathes he’s ready!","neutral"
"Yeah, might just grab a coffee and be done with it.","neutral"
"Only misogynistic people are offended anyway. Most men would look over a Gillette commercial about rape the same as they would overlook a tampon commercial.","neutral"
"Lol i love this person","love"
"You are fucking retarded","anger"
"Yeah I have no sympathy for them.","anger"
"yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3","admiration"
"Yeah super confused about that considering it was only [NAME] she had beef with lol","amusement"
"You might be able to google earth it? I dont know that area very well so I cant help at all. But thats what I would try.","curiosity"
"It’s good to be in good relations with other gms. The bulls basically did the rockets a favor. We got money and build rapport.","approval"
"You know that this happened in germany, do you?","curiosity"
"It's not Russian land either. Your argument is still complete nonsense.","anger"
"My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.","amusement"
"Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.","sadness"
"Now that I'm adult, I have taken an adult name and let my baby name be a thing of the past.","neutral"
"Poor thing. Her arm looked stuck in the crutch as she fell. That had to hurt","disappointment"
"Hangry is real and it comes with a horrible vengeance at fast food places and restaurants","fear"
"Tbh I couldn't tell if he was serious or shitposting","confusion"
"Young Pink Floyd fans are the worst Source - Am a young Pink Floyd fan","neutral"
"It may have been funny in 2010, but now it's completely unorginal and boring. ","amusement"
"It’s mostly because PAX is this week and a lot of players and GMs were off doing that . The game store was super supportive.","neutral"
"Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].","annoyance"
"BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)","anger"
"That’s a lot of chonkers!","neutral"
"that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing","disappointment"
"Life is just an endless series of disappointments and no one gets out of here alive.","approval"
"Looks like they couldn’t figure out how to keep the handle on","neutral"
"I love how their comparing [NAME] one shtick (not including highlighter) to the comedy skills of queens with actual performance talents.","neutral"
"I found [NAME]!! That took me way too long to spot the watermark lol. Good eye!!","joy"
"They must not have known their daughter was such a badass.","neutral"
"FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.","curiosity"
"Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety. ","disappointment"
"Maybe that’s what boogie was trying to say!","confusion"
"I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.","disappointment"
"r/rantsfromretail would also like this.","neutral"
"We need a law like that in the US since they ignore our doccument thats supposed to protect those sort of things.","disappointment"
"Is that not with mice though? I could be wrong or maybe its rats & mice. Edit: field mice in particular.","confusion"
">The only way change will happen is when the national media actually focuses on them. Precisely what a protest is aimed at engendering.","neutral"
"Take it easy, hater. He nailed it.","joy"
"At least he didn't knock himself out on the ground....","neutral"
"Test levels have been dropping significantly It’s well documented Why do you think that’s stupid","confusion"
"**YOU CANNOT MURDER ME! IT'S ILLEGAL.**","disapproval"
"While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.","neutral"
"This is a school announcement: Remember not to commit thought crimes in the classroom. Repeated thought crimes will result in a lowering of your grades.","neutral"
"Damn, you could make money out of this. Come people I'm Intj, i'll tell you if your ex still loves you. ","approval"
"Can’t even tell what’s happening here. This isn’t cringe.","confusion"
"Oh yes! You're great.","admiration"
"...be careful, guys","caring"
"Thank you for your help","gratitude"
">Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.","neutral"
"Only [NAME], their deputy leader, their most experienced minister....remember there was evidence she assaulted a staffer and kept her job as a MP...","neutral"
"The best story I've read this year!!","admiration"
"Sounds epic man","admiration"
"I hate how much I love it","annoyance"
"I have the Paraguard. It’s the Non-hormonal copper IUD and it’s good for 10 years once inserted","neutral"
"Bet that'd cut down on road traffic accidents.","neutral"
"Haha, that’s meeee! ","amusement"
"Interesting... is it a felony in certain jurisdictions?","curiosity"
"I have never laugh cried so hard at a TV moment","neutral"
"Been a weeb for yrs and i still cant understand besides a few phrases","confusion"
"3 guys try to walk into a fake door to shit in a bucket.","neutral"
"Anyone else see her 10 year challenge post today or yesterday. I'm so shocked she wouldn't pick this picture.","neutral"
"They were pretty hysterical about [NAME]. Certainly surpassed by [NAME] hysteria though.","neutral"
"With the up and coming hit single "I have a new Daddy every week".","excitement"
"Gotta boost that self esteem.","neutral"
"Lets just say I'm hopeful! Don't die on me [NAME].","optimism"
"Its less than a year old... Doesnt it seem longer","approval"
"I've seen [NAME] at the bars in Huntington a couple times and every time I see her I buy her a drink.","neutral"
"r/rareinsults also i’m surprised this guy isn’t fussing over the “it’s” instead of “its”","surprise"
"Oh. For real? I stand corrected then. I haven't encountered that before. 🤷🏻‍♀️","approval"
"Because sending a defenceman to a 3v3 tournament is much better than one of the top goal scorers in the league right now.","approval"
"Apple can still go kindly fuck itself tho","annoyance"
"No worries, glad I could help. Just pleased I started learning to read!","joy"
"I see One Punch Man is on quite the rampage","neutral"
"That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!","sadness"
"This sub absolutely gets personal within seconds of anything he says being postes","approval"
"thanks man.","gratitude"
"When I was a young warthog!","neutral"
"Uhhhhhh, damn son","love"
"These are great","admiration"
"YES they all going in on LIEda","approval"
"I prefer buying the winner chests and holding on to the Godlike chests until a skin I want is in it.","neutral"
"The man in the picture is a legend since he is the only non toxic and not annoying mic person","admiration"
"I'm not saying the dog might hurt her, im saying she might not know when it is appropriate to have the dog degend her","disgust"
"Lol no.","amusement"
"Thats me. Delivering justice two sentence at a time","pride"
"Doing my part","neutral"
"I like your style B)","love"
"Maybe they want to be a show couple ?","neutral"
"I wouldn’t call Sargent Peppers underrated by any stretch of the word","disapproval"
"ELABORATE plz!!!!","confusion"
"Ya hell ya","neutral"
"The shattered glass looks like a sassy elf","neutral"
"Wow that was ...mind blowing.","admiration"
"Well, glad I could help. Have a fantastic day and don’t let the straights scare you away!","caring"
"I didn't say it was soulless.","disapproval"
"Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)","gratitude"
"Tell me about it. Never felt like I fit into this gen.","curiosity"
"Chuckled. Upvote!","approval"
"It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.","sadness"
"2018, more disappointment. ","disappointment"
"Sounds like you want to control what tthey do with their nukes! Who cares if they leave it laying around and let their children play with it","disapproval"
"This is good.","admiration"
"I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. ","love"
"Nice try FBI.","neutral"
"Yeah Yeah Yeah! Im still Standing Yeah Yeah Yeah!","neutral"
"This reminds me to take a before picture. I'm losing 5 kg of beer gut before May, got to fit into that dress. ","approval"
"omg [NAME] is so pretty","admiration"
"What a pain. I don’t understand the tantrums whatsoever. Respectfully decline or express incompatibility and some of them just explode out of no where! Smh","neutral"
"I'm just messing with you, dont be mad! I actually upvoted you, its probably just burried under all the downvotes.","neutral"
"Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season","curiosity"
"> If you actually believe they are still a threat oh, if only it *were* up to me...","annoyance"
"What? I am aware it isn't permanent. The other legals aren't permanent either.","confusion"
"Accidentally clip through a bathroom wall, get slapped","fear"
"this is the type of high level discussion I come to this sub for!","approval"
"Let's not pretend that all fetishes are fine.","neutral"
"Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling","love"
"i can also post pics of the receipt if anyone doesn’t believe me!!!","neutral"
"Neither of them have the IQ for true narcissism!! Stop insulting the intelligence of narcissists [NAME]!","disapproval"
"* [NAME]: 17 million * [NAME]: 90 billion * [NAME]: 4 trillion I think that one question sums up the DLB Show perfectly.","neutral"
"I wish it wasn't so crumbly. It feels like sand in my mouth.","desire"
"And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.","anger"
"Keep any hat you find.. Now for only 100 gold bars! -Rockstar","neutral"
"I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.","annoyance"
"I do not believe she has any secret information, but I still suspect she's in danger and her plan has backfired substantially.","neutral"
"Both Islanders goaltenders support [NAME] and they are having career years, coincidence? I think not. ","confusion"
"Just [NAME] rush the sub, they can try and get us but we’ll break through like the videos of the England team they tried deleting.","neutral"
"Do you work in education?","neutral"
"Makes sense. Interesting perspective.","admiration"
"That awkward moment when people who passionately hate [NAME] inadvertently portray him as a hero.","disgust"
"Grew up in an early 90's house with door handles, no knobs. My parents just switched to knobs after 25 years.","neutral"
"Why do you think many feminists are angry?","anger"
"Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed. ","approval"
"She completely understands, that's why she does this.","realization"
"Laughed. Out. Loud","neutral"
"I lowkey think they been messing around. It wasn’t a “oops we were drunk moment”. 🤔🤨🧐","neutral"
"You should dm her and say I'm sorry","neutral"
"Hmm, I'm 99% sure he says there's a call for her. Could be wrong ","neutral"
"This is the best Cowboy Story Arch.","admiration"
"look at that gym! Id kill to have one with such a nice view","excitement"
"Well duh. The Chinese government control all Chinese language media in New Zealand. That's a fact.","annoyance"
"There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.","disapproval"
"Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury","neutral"
"Op you're fine, anyone who's actually been in your situation would have reacted the same. This commentor is just trying to make you feel bad. ","caring"
"Become friends with people who work night shift. We are always up at crazy hours and need a distraction from our work.","approval"
"Fortunately for you, Racist [NAME] anticipated this when he added, "Let the past die, kill it if you have to..."","neutral"
"Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him","sadness"
"Using that for the r/bossfight x-post","neutral"
"I feel left out... I never get invited to our new world order meetings with our elders of zion","disappointment"
"I don't need to have [NAME] as my husbando to love my mom","disapproval"
"These posts must make people want to be security guards.","caring"
"That 0.75 is not for the same job. It's looking at the totality of female salary vs male salary.","anger"
"Facial hair ability: [NAME] Looks like [NAME] got a bloody nose a week ago and hasn’t washed the blood out yet.","annoyance"
"You must be new around here.","confusion"
"Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair","gratitude"
"Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.","disappointment"
"If it was communism, the poor lad would be killed","neutral"
"thank you for taking the time to answer, im freaking out big time","anger"
"I’m only denying what’s not true, and [NAME] being my name isn’t true. ","approval"
"I'm not telling them, I was just saying that the person who knew them irl said they were a she. That is all","neutral"
"Bad timing for [NAME] to say this just now.","annoyance"
"One of my biggest regrets is that I never got to see [NAME] in person. Incredibly talented and the league is clearly better off for it.","remorse"
"[NAME] my new favorite Hollywood person","neutral"
"This, like it varies and fluctuates","neutral"
"There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...","desire"
"Yay, now we're only down by 7","excitement"
"Ha, I thought it was about [NAME]. ","neutral"
"It's extremely rude.","anger"
"And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.","disapproval"
"Who still unironically says SJWs? You look like an idiot saying that.","annoyance"
"These are the signs I'm getting old... Wtf is a weed cartridge??","disgust"
"Colored for our pleasure too","approval"
"These are lovely, I have one.","approval"
"Yes but if you had scrolled down even an inch you would have seen pictures of his actual brother","realization"
"I’d imagine so.","desire"
"Oh please lol","amusement"
"I hope Thier friends now","optimism"
"I also have a boner!","disapproval"
"Play the lottery my dude, you just got lucky.","caring"
"This is so wholesome! I can‘t wait for Animal Crossing Switch! 😍🤩","admiration"
"U have the Balls to do this","neutral"
"I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.","annoyance"
"I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food.... ","love"
"he's been around forever but apparently none of y'all have RES","disappointment"
">Being sexually desired False, since there are a lot of things you can change on yourself to be more desirable. Also you act out of experience.","caring"
"Falling for such low quality bait","disappointment"
"17 my boy. Best league minimum contract out there right now","approval"
"Damn. You sure showed me.","approval"
"I think this isn't allowed on /r/cringe and I think that's why they hid that sub.","approval"
"Someone somewhere decided that today is the day they're tired of their job. We've all been there.","neutral"
"I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.","confusion"
"Unsurprisingly our closest competitors will try to capitalise as we stumble. Good luck to them, we have brought this on ourselves. ","anger"
"This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever","anger"
"This is why I have trust issues","disappointment"
"He must smell terrible when he sweats. That's honestly pretty gross.","disgust"
"If they lightbulb doesn’t change then it’s racist, sexist, Nazi scum. Am democrat just playing along. ","joy"
"back when mercy could get play of the game.. and not be useless.","disapproval"
"Have either of you or anyone else in your newsroom faced personal threats because of your work on this project?","curiosity"
"Disgusting of you [NAME] you filthy who're you pedophilic scum trying to beguile our children it's not gonna work I got [NAME] castorated","disgust"
"And let's all not forget the #1 cause of accidents is following too closely(tailgating).","approval"
"Yeah I can understand there their confusion more but yeah. Reminds me of [NAME] haha.","amusement"
"Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!","approval"
"Omg where did you get this?","curiosity"
"has skype installed","neutral"
"My block has about 40. East York residents got screwed by their 60s-70s predecessors.","neutral"
"Two questions: do we still get a lip sync next week with [NAME] and [NAME] next week? do they do anything week 6?","confusion"
"ive had a gedmatch account since 2012, i was just commenting that 23andme hadn't given me any more specific results than it had previously ","neutral"
"Oh well, very nice then :)","admiration"
"now if only there was some sort of *shock them through the phone* button....","neutral"
"Them boys smelling even more blood in the water. Rack them fuckin points up boys!","anger"
"lol [NAME].","joy"
"Wow [NAME] just lost a loyal customer. From now on I guess I'm gonna have to use dollar shave club to shave my taint","approval"
"He's ancient. If elected, he'll be 79 in 2020. I like him but that worries me. ","caring"
"Yeah, as a [NAME] id love to see the two biggest talents of Mexico and the US play together ","approval"
"[NAME] was pretty rude to the maintenance guy too, but what a comeback he had for [NAME]!","admiration"
"Can this be posted on r/BreadTube if the person doesn't pour some kind of fluid on themselves?","neutral"
"Nukeville sounds like a nicer neighborhood. Like no broken and burnt houses and like children playing in the street and people having barbecues","admiration"
"If it remains free at point of use and the level of service doesn't decrease then what's the problem?","realization"
"You crashed and burned but managed to save it. Congrats my guy","approval"
"Just googled him. Only thing is how do I get in contact with him.","confusion"
"What a very "centrist" thing to say. ","approval"
"No, i'm arguing that if she calls someone disgusting for how they act it's wrong to act like the other person is an asshole for retaliating. ","annoyance"
"Ad hominem. Ridiculous argument, not even funny or hilarious.","disapproval"
"Nonsense. People are either the best or the worst. All of the time.","confusion"
"Because it's incredibly cringy.","fear"
"[NAME] is really going to have to work his ass off to make this team.","admiration"
"Great pick! Especially when I realized she was meant to lose yesterday...good luck!","admiration"
"and [NAME] got blessed with a LocationBot cat fact?! There is no justice in the world...","disappointment"
"They had [NAME] on MSNBC and he said the same thing. This is the next phase in operation freakout.","neutral"
"I know so I also make a joke about how we’re going to give bell so much money that we’ll be in the negative for cap","approval"
"eggs last forever","neutral"
"I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.","approval"
"Wow, this is bizarre. Well, I agree too. A wealth tax is exactly what we need.","approval"
"Pretty wild.","neutral"
"Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.","optimism"
"There are no reasons to visit [NAME]. They're lawsuit-happy corporate scum.","realization"
"By the way the dogs also alerted at kuss road but will just ignore that much like [NAME] did lol ciao","neutral"
"Denigrating your opponents as either racist xenophobes or labelling them too stupid to understand the issue at hand will have that effect.","confusion"
"Omg congratz for you guys!!!!! That is amazing news :) good luck with twins.","gratitude"
"How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing. ","amusement"
"Rotfl! 🤣🤣🤣 I'll have to turn on caption from now on...","neutral"
"Drop a link or piss off","anger"
"Right there with you! Unladylike was so depressing, I couldn't keep listening to it.","disappointment"
"Both good and not so good, but mostly good! You should DESTROY HER. NOBODY NEEDS TO TAKE UP THAT MUCH SPACE ON THE CURB. ","annoyance"
"How did [NAME] just give that beatdown to Attach, the other player was so far away.","neutral"
"We are by far the greatest team the world has ever seen, we are just having a rough patch.","admiration"
"Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah","approval"
"PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.","gratitude"
"I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger ","joy"
"You’re so perfect :)","admiration"
"He had to say, "But alas" which makes this soo funny.","joy"
"HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!","annoyance"
"Wow this is supee trashy. How did it get to front page?","surprise"
"Shut the fuck up, loser.","anger"
"Scotch tape for a leak. You might have better chances just asking it really nicely to stop.","neutral"
"I had a little kid once get really concerned on Christmas Eve that I would not be home in bed before [NAME] was due.","neutral"
"hmmm interesting... i guess your an interesting lady. PM me then. :)","amusement"
"cause he likes to eat garbage.","neutral"
"Did you guys use condoms before? Or was it just the mental hurdle of knowing you weren't taking any birth control?","curiosity"
"OMG. This is such a great point!","admiration"
"It’s harder when you have kids with the partner.","disgust"
"Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.","admiration"
"I honestly can't remember how many things ended up in my hair for this very reason. Break out the peanut butter and conditioner, OP.","confusion"
"It's over! Move on and find a better partner.","caring"
"Why do you keep doing this thing where you say you disagree but not why? If you have a counterargument, go ahead.","disapproval"
"Waited 4 months for trash. But hey I can drive the truck around and live out my can recycling fantasy.","relief"
"Women don't get an ego boost from and don't enjoy sex with men they're ambivalent about.","neutral"
"I'm concerned because I understood it as well. Is Kykko a bot?","caring"
"I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!","remorse"
"Happy New year! 🤗","excitement"
"Cause this isn't a woman its a dude :D","amusement"
"I hope you'll be feeling better soon, friend","approval"
"Haven't heard that it has to be under the stars (ie at nighttime) specifically. And that one happens to be only a few centuries old.","neutral"
"May is like a bad smell you can’t get rid of","disapproval"
"Sadly, the military is archaic about non-conforming relationships. :/ I wish more of these decals existed. ","desire"
"It was an honor just to be nominated. Being a runner-up is a dream come true ( I keep my dreams realistic and attainable).","gratitude"
"At no point in the game has that been true","neutral"
"I’d be interested in reading more about this if you have a good place for me to do so. Thanks.","curiosity"
"I never said they were garbage, just that they come out too frequently.","annoyance"
"Great game! Got more intense as it went on.","admiration"
"That is not a side swipe. That's a full on t-bone. But I hope they all made it through somehow.","optimism"
"Can you provide any evidence to your claim that right wingers are using this to smear her?","curiosity"
"He has made threats saying if he sees me on the street he will attack me that’s what the situation boiled down to","nervousness"
"I don’t care what anyone says. Party pizzas are the best frozen pizza you can get. Still mad about them being square now, though.","annoyance"
"Truth Yeah keep living in your reality lol Delusional idiot","anger"
"If your enjoying your time with the other person then you are always on fun dates.","joy"
"FOR THE PEOPLE","caring"
"Yiddish is such an in-group language that you basically just have to go by whoever you're talking to.","neutral"
"Yeah I never tried because I think it's stupid.","disgust"
"The last message was particularly painful to read","sadness"
"[NAME] a fuckboy, he was never your boyfriend.","caring"
"I love how they didn’t really react negatively","gratitude"
"> I don't care what context this has Why are you so proud of being ignorant?","neutral"
"I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console","neutral"
"She looks just like that dude from Santa Clarita Diet","neutral"
"remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool","admiration"
"Man Management: 9/10 Tactics: 4ishh/10 Anyway, he wasn't brought to implement brand new tactics but to develop our young core, was he ???","neutral"
"lmao and I thought I was the only one","admiration"
"That was one of the first thought I had too. Three!!","neutral"
"Well fuck. I didn't think anybody cared at all...it's order than that?","disappointment"
"I have mixed states and rapid cycling too! Super fun","admiration"
"Ah, so you've an ugly face as well. Can it be rectified via plastic surgery?","curiosity"
"I never said it was irrelevant. I am trying to add on to what the OP had said for potential savings.","disapproval"
"I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.","disgust"
"Sure let's leave a bomb outside a [RELIGION] secondary school, that'll show the [NAME]!","anger"
">muh siege Screw off, if I wanted to listen to some [NAME] ramblings I'd go to my local range.","neutral"
"I came to say this. Lebanon is on there twice, too.","neutral"
"Seems legit. Supremacy was big enough. In fact, it's hard to see the scale on screen with that size.","disapproval"
"dae [NAME] IS MOMMY FUCK MY ASS WITH A BACKHOE MOTHER YES GAWD *tongue pop* WHAT A TALENTED ACTRESS BUT ALSO PARENTAL FIGURE","anger"
"You must be new here if that's the cringiest shit you've seen so far.","approval"
"Happy for him, great game. ","admiration"
"I cackled!!!!","excitement"
"Oh, thx for clarification!","gratitude"
"I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(","neutral"
"Google Tom Green sandwiches. It isn't the kind of thing you explain.","neutral"
"Interesting. Never heard of it. Do you like it?","excitement"
"Similar feeling here. We'll are just bunch of weebs.","approval"
"I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex","disapproval"
"Oh Lord...","neutral"
"All the best things happen after midnight. All the worst things, too, but life is all about taking risks. :^)","joy"
"I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school","neutral"
"This is my fiancé and I hate it","disapproval"
"It is so ugly I felt personally attacked by it, what can I say","disappointment"
"[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] ","love"
"unpopular opinion - but [NAME]. I'd take him over [NAME] any day.","neutral"
"Ya hell ya","neutral"
"Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss","love"
"I think people are more worried if he'll stay or not than whether he plays at the same level or not.","confusion"
"Man up and get yourself a date with a different woman.","caring"
"Looks like goodfellow","admiration"
"Did you just equate the tomahawk chant to lynching as a reply to being called out for virtue signaling?","neutral"
"maybe post the article since it's already out lol","amusement"
"Yea ur probably be super drowsy tho.","admiration"
"Just rubbish.","anger"
"No, we both know you are liar. Thanks for convincing me to block you.","embarrassment"
"Definitely not a misunderstanding if you read the articles Bloomberg posted.","annoyance"
"oh look at you /s","neutral"
"Awesome! I’m a cradle [RELIGION], so really interesting to hear your experience. Thanks for sharing.","excitement"
"We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.","admiration"
"Idk I’d kind of like [NAME] to come up next year. [NAME] still scares me a little. Not saying I don’t like the guy","annoyance"
"I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.","neutral"
"Shawty whats wrong with you. I want those people dead","disappointment"
"Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.","realization"
"The Netflix documentary about [NAME] absolutely sucks. Don't waste your time.","anger"
"I heard it to the beat "I want you to want me" I like your squanch!","admiration"
"Well they never got into metal. Get over yourself and get a lot safer in the comments.","approval"
"My friend is also interested!!! 👸🏻 Sent u a PM girly!","approval"
"#""Haha so relatable omg so me""","joy"
"I'm going to start this weekend! thanks for the tips.","gratitude"
"Enjoy the ride!","joy"
"Wait, what does golf have to do with this? ","confusion"
"Our Republic's integrity is under threat by a president who has failed to defend himself and the U.S. from foreign powers.","approval"
"Hmm okay, maybe I was just arriving at threads too early or something before they got cleaned up...","approval"
"lmao... okay buddy","amusement"
"How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].","disapproval"
"[NAME] dude... Hasn't anyone ever told you... Never trust a crackhead NEVER! ","neutral"
"Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell","annoyance"
"Pretending to be a racist just to troll people is fucking stupid and not any better than actually being a racist.","neutral"
"Thank you :)","gratitude"
"Oh yeah, from the vulcan council","approval"
"Spicy water.","neutral"
"Not enough power, need at least 85 power, preferably 90+ to compete in 18","desire"
"[NAME] needs to be be right next to the basket with no one around for that to work.","neutral"
"Shame ,your quite cute ","admiration"
"Being a complete idiot and blocking a road in front of a bar. Which is where most cops tend to hang out trolling for DUIs at 2 am.","annoyance"
"Omg yes lol","approval"
"Don't y'all scream communist at everything and burn Nike stuff for no legitimate reason?","curiosity"
"[NAME] a pro","neutral"
"More fake news from CNN. I thought coming off the last fake news blowup they would at least bother to watch the video before writing their ridiculous story.","neutral"
"Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!","gratitude"
"Slowing things down now","approval"
"Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.","admiration"
"he blocked me right after 😂","neutral"
"this is proper funny actually","amusement"
"[NAME] isnt right wing. Hes center left.","neutral"
"Because most shit right wingers say is so awful that if they said it in a space where they weren't anonymous they would be fucking done","disapproval"
"Maybne it dropped omg.","realization"
"we stan supportive parents!","surprise"
"account got suspended lmao","amusement"
"Take on me time!","neutral"
"thanks for answering!","gratitude"
"70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!","anger"
"I would say the same thing except I can’t cuz it didn’t immediately fall and everything break.","neutral"
"Right? He actually came across as level headed and mature here so that was a shock.","admiration"
"That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close","annoyance"
"Does include bad cgi, tho?","neutral"
"FINKLE IS EINHORN EINHORN IS FINKLE!!!","neutral"
"And the problem?","curiosity"
"We're are going on a trip, in our favorite rocket ship","excitement"
"Lol! Taxes are where the soul goes to die. Good luck, man! Get that degree and run far away!","admiration"
"Even if he plays bottom pairing, his hockey IQ should help the team. At least, that's my hope!","approval"
"I had a guy who just kept jumping off the bridge in Eichenwald to his death over and over.. in a placement match.. WHY!","neutral"
"This is why the option isn't "be accurate" but "be as accurate as you can"","caring"
"That’s cool. I didn’t know they had cameras like that. Thank you for sharing :)","gratitude"
"What exactly are we looking at?","curiosity"
"It's my masterpiece.","pride"
"Yes, we do. One with very misguided priorities","annoyance"
"You’d think the higher ups would look at how much these law suits are costing and tell their boys and girls to tone it the fuck down.","neutral"
"YES they all going in on LIEda","neutral"
"Ah that makes sense, thanks for the quick reply. I'm new to the world of working so I have no idea what's what. ","approval"
"I hate [NAME] and [NAME] for what they've done to this franchise. And I'm growing to hate [NAME] as well.","neutral"
"I think you're missing a /s","neutral"
"This is so sad. #playdespacito","sadness"
"you seem fun!","amusement"
"Yeah, that's why I feel [NAME] or [NAME] would have a better chance.","neutral"
"Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO","anger"
"It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.","approval"
"Let's go get you a Paunch Burger burger, soak up some of that toxin.","neutral"
"Cheers, sololander!","admiration"
"Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.","disapproval"
"They scammed you by wasting your time","neutral"
"Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇","admiration"
"But they're here to ~~buy properties for their family!!!~~ I mean study, they're here to study!","neutral"
"Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.","gratitude"
"I enjoy it as well, there's dozens of us!","joy"
"For a second i thought you were talking about dubai expo 2020 lol stupid me","joy"
"It’s not outrageous though. Just a 2 night hotel stay alone for 1600 people will be around 200k.","neutral"
"No organic webs, no [NAME], no [NAME]. Pack your memes, get out of my subreddit. You're NOT [NAME]!","optimism"
"love cats, dislike the regular news. you?","anger"
"I hate these cakes so much.","anger"
"> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.","disapproval"
">The only person who said the CIBC cheques were not cashed is from Quadriga. I believe [NAME] said the same when interviewed for the coindesk article.","neutral"
"Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.","relief"
"Congrats keep going","gratitude"
"[NAME] [NAME]","neutral"
"This man... This man is doing [NAME] work!!","admiration"
"The picture in the thumbnail looks like the kids in the maga hat that fucked with the native [NAME]","neutral"
"Hey now I didn't flunk out of med school to be insulted like this!","embarrassment"
"Every. Bloody. Time. I never learn to just shut up though.","neutral"
"Here's a little comment from the Yellow Vests Facebook page. Not at all","neutral"
"Damn that is impressive. Can we draft an entire o-line from them?","admiration"
"Happy New Year everyone!","joy"
"I don't like it, simply because men never want to be just friends, and I have no interest in dating random dudes who message me.","anger"
"The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.","fear"
"This would be perfect for a new sub sound","admiration"
"[NAME] would have cost [NAME]. I don’t blame them For saying no to that.","realization"
"Lol you got nothing to worry bout from me bro. Thanks for keeping the game on","amusement"
"Looks more like [NAME] to me","approval"
""Fascist criticizes another fascist." Not much to see here.","disgust"
"It's been a long time since that was true, but thank you.","gratitude"
"lol, not a bad idea I could always ~~use more easy money from you suckers~~ help the community ","caring"
"at 3:49","neutral"
"He forgot the most important law : Everyone can be stupid, and everyone will be at some point. Although he does illustrate it very well with his article.","realization"
"Thank you. People always forget that The Happiest Days of Our Lives is essentially part of that song.","annoyance"
"I'm going to steal this and pretend I came up with it so I downvoted it so no one will know(just kidding)","amusement"
"I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.","disappointment"
"I can't wait.","disapproval"
"[NAME] doesn't want to leave St Louis, his family is there and won't move away.","neutral"
"Especially mean! I’m with you. I like the funny posts but people use social media as an excuse to just be horrible people","disapproval"
"And none of them give a damn about the [NAME]. Very telling.","annoyance"
"You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.","disgust"
"Oh hey this is pretty awesome! I've never seen such a concise itinerary on one page before.","admiration"
"That ET one looks like he has stuck his finger is some strawberry jello or something and is disgusted that some has stuck to his finger!","disgust"
"SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE OR I WILL HACK YOUR REDDIT ACCOUNT!!!!!!","anger"
"That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?","admiration"
"Yay we start off with the love triangle!","excitement"
"That goddamn wink slayed me. Swoon so hard...","anger"
"Whoops!! I totally didn’t realize ‍♀️","disappointment"
"The more unattractive the leader looks now the more attractive the new one will look come 2020","neutral"
"It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/","realization"
"This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.","admiration"
"Yea I tossed that one on the pile as a insult to myself and likely many, many others. ","neutral"
"Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!","neutral"
"Im so glad that he Reacted that way i feel the same way about my college but im in the last semester 🤓","approval"
"Could be an attainability thing. My personality is very aloof and I tend to have much better results with more confident girls in general.","neutral"
"I don't think he can hear you yell louder!!! ;)","excitement"
"You two seem nice.","love"
"happy birthday dude!","joy"
"I'm sorry *what*","sadness"
"Big thanks dude! This will really help me out","gratitude"
"> but it isn't just motivated in hate Selfishness and greed, then? The need to dominate in order to feel powerful?","anger"
"That's professor [NAME] to you, savage!","annoyance"
"Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.","approval"
"Do something about what?","neutral"
"Happy birthday!! Lots of love and hugs from a stranger in Hanoi 🤗🤗","neutral"
"You should braid your pubic hair just to really piss him off","neutral"
"Fluid to the top!","neutral"
"True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government. ","disgust"
"Oh [NAME] thank you.","gratitude"
"Bloody Peasant!","anger"
"Better slap that car roof.","anger"
"Yeah, and you don’t learn fine intricacies in a tutorial. You learn them through playing. You’re arguing a strawman now. ","caring"
"Sounds epic man","admiration"
"Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] yea!","gratitude"
"Even that. I have 0 desire to see what happens after TLJ. I'll probably watch the RLM review and call it a day.","neutral"
"I think the mushroom photos are a joke about his penis.......","amusement"
"Can’t wait to go to the Kings game. Especially if they bring this level of fire.","admiration"
"Can’t fault you there","realization"
"How much less could you care?","curiosity"
"My exact reaction","neutral"
"Congratulations! It's an amazing feeling isn't it! 😍","excitement"
"Gotta hang tough","neutral"
"Si did you decide to change the company policy at the next board meeting or didn't you, you can't just leave us hanging like that!","anger"
"This is trying way too hard. Ease up on the carefully sculpted one-liners and I might start to believe this was even partially real.","amusement"
"[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.","annoyance"
"Awesome ! That will be worth multitudes one day for certain. And such a classy gentleman, [NAME] is the best in NHL","admiration"
"Fuck if I only could have those a single family home prices back :( maybe I wouldn’t be living in my RV","confusion"
"Yeah like "oh yeah? No shit?"","disappointment"
"Thank you for mentioning that!","gratitude"
"You could be nonbinary?","confusion"
"i dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it","anger"
"Idk if I skimmed over it 3 times or what, it doesn't say why he did it. But I guess we'll never know?","neutral"
"Cheers, mate! I know you can do it! :)","admiration"
"oh... haven't seen it.","disappointment"
"How do you feel about pulling the plug on someone in a coma","curiosity"
"Seems like you jerk off looking at mirror while you’re crying","fear"
"Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.","excitement"
"With the way [NAME] has been playing I’m just hoping it’s not a coincidence that [NAME] is playing well too.","optimism"
"It starts with the malicious ones and then they whip up the others. [NAME] is truly a stain on american politics.","neutral"
"We've had so many stories about [NAME], that we do NOT need any about Florida lady. LOL","neutral"
"Happy cake day mothafucka","gratitude"
"And according to [NAME] even Green Arrow couldn't defeat Cicada. Though wasn't that the non-butterflied-by-Nora-punching-the-satellite version of Cicada?","neutral"
"Love mine too. t-shirt","love"
"I love you more","love"
"No, it means you have a problem with homophobia and paranoia. A big one. No pun intended.","disapproval"
"[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] ","love"
"The weirdest part is the underwear. My mom wouldn’t even let me and my sister share underwear. Something something hygiene.","fear"
"I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?","love"
"Thank you, I know you’re right, I’m just overthinking for sure ","gratitude"
"Thank you OP, I love you (no homo if you’re a male).","gratitude"
"They could just lie! And then only musicians who look at it and can do reasonable sightreading would know they're lying.","neutral"
"Thank you!!!","gratitude"
":-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.","excitement"
"Tropical Oasis Liquid Multivitamin. Amazing stuff.","admiration"
"Personally wish they had a male version of 🤰🏼","desire"
"I like hearing about these positive encounters.","love"
"I love it","love"
"Lol ahh man this made me laugh so hard. That filled my laugh gauge for the day.","amusement"
"Good lord. > STATISTICS ARE BAD, WE MUST RELY ON ANECDOTES!","disappointment"
"This is murder","neutral"
"And then you're stuck on that medication for life, sounds like a scary trade-off.","disappointment"
"Then I find writing of us only eating it during winter strange.","realization"
"Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?","neutral"
"Apparently lots","neutral"
"Is this an /r/antijokes ?","curiosity"
"Think this is the first time I’ve ever disagreed with [NAME]. [NAME] at SF WCJ at PF sounds horrible","fear"
"I spent a good portion of my childhood in Arizona and Colorado. I love the rain and greenery here in Oregon","love"
"Oh man I didn’t know it was a repost but I tried trimming it after seeing on the gram.","confusion"
"Congrats! Wait till you get your first date and you’ll feel even better.","gratitude"
"There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.","admiration"
"Get a final closure by telling her mom. Your ex might have told her another story about the breakup.","neutral"
"Damn perfect 👌","admiration"
"I love life, happy new year boys!","love"
"> LMAO, it's not free shit head, where the fuck is the source codes? This the real question.","annoyance"
"And just the “stop looking at me” was so old school. It was nice!","approval"
"The calls are totally random so no regulars sadly. But on the plus side, you get to help so many more people! ","neutral"
"I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.","approval"
"And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!","approval"
"My coworkers mood rn. Sober AF.","neutral"
"So true.","neutral"
"True. Guys who are legitimately ugly (a facial deformity) don't even have the chance to make an impression.","approval"
"Thank fucking [NAME].","neutral"
"Lawful VS chaotic","approval"
"I responded to someone else in this thread as well, more in length. Maybe you find that comment more interesting.","confusion"
"He’s also talking about pushing [NAME] in front of a train. Kid needs the old bill coming around for a stern chat.","disapproval"
"So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!","approval"
"And the USMC get their crayons in a basket.","neutral"
""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."","excitement"
"I'm glad your expectations are low..i am expecting full on knee jerk reactions if the game doesn't go well tonight.","optimism"
"[NAME] explains why she was so close to her grandmother.","approval"
"I'm not fantasising, I'm watching it happen. Just like I watched [NAME] smooth, supple back.","neutral"
"The article didn’t use it. OP just did a bad copy paste I think.","neutral"
"Just Kontrol Freeks since my strike pack died. Going pack to paddles when I get the chance though.","sadness"
"Our problems are our own. Racism, classism, mysogyny, bigotry. ","disappointment"
"please stop pointing your fingers in my face","anger"
"Any more comments calling me SWERF for caring about sex workers will be blocked and reported I s2g","anger"
"She's not more than 17. And I love teenage [NAME]. Don't want her adult.","disapproval"
"Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...","fear"
"It's good, good, good, good - good good good!","excitement"
"Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.","annoyance"
">The only person who said the CIBC cheques were not cashed is from Quadriga. I believe [NAME] said the same when interviewed for the coindesk article.","realization"
"No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill","disapproval"
"Thanks for the advice, i appreciate it.","approval"
"my heart melted omg [NAME]","caring"
"Not cause I'm not that bothered about where I come from, it's were I am going that matters to me","desire"
"Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.","approval"
"These are so handy for quick reference to when they play, thanks for posting!","gratitude"
"This is interesting. You want to share experiences with her but not necessarily have sex with her?","admiration"
"5 years for a guy who will most likely break down physically before year 3. Awesome move.","admiration"
"It would be that much in the States too but, subsidized. Edit: not sure about the down votes. ","approval"
"I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].","love"
"Because they want to make money.","neutral"
"Man that was a long of run on sentences but whatever.","neutral"
"No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.","annoyance"
"Cannot predict now","neutral"
"Oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?","neutral"
"This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s","confusion"
"Women are more neurotic.","embarrassment"
"Deer needs to make a false injury claim and get paid did you see that fake I got hit jump it did?","curiosity"
"Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.","amusement"
"But but r/49ers said it was just bad luck!","disappointment"
"my screen is 10 years old so the graphics are also horrible","disappointment"
"I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)","fear"
"That look of defeat.","neutral"
"I feel like one day you're in for the shock of your life.","embarrassment"
"The only sub that’s really bad now is the GKS the others are fine actually.","realization"
"This might be my favorite scene in the whole series","love"
"Yep, this is all I needed. See you guys later, Ima go jump off a cliff","approval"
"[NAME] with the truth that reality show does not = relevance.","approval"
"Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.","neutral"
"And RIIIICCHHH BYYIIITTTCCHHH!!","anger"
"I’m ready to unsubscribe from this sub","approval"
"Third down signal in football, too. THE WHITE SUPREMACISTS ARE EVERYWHERE!!","disappointment"
"this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes","admiration"
"Kill trading is still bad imo but i agree that losing the round was correct","approval"
"Lol maybe he is not but I think my point still stands 😄","joy"
"If you wanna spend thousands for every piece of furniture then sure but a lot of people don’t have the budget for this.","neutral"
"Okay. Then what does "anti-imperialism" mean to you? ","curiosity"
"As a rep 6 orochi, those dodge attacks from neutral made me cringe.","neutral"
"Then keep your hands visible and fight the ticket in court. Don’t understand how this is such a complex issue.","neutral"
"Hello fellow Nashville Lions Fan!!!","neutral"
" "What do Scottish people look like?" How I would love to have been there to take a swing at that softball. ","curiosity"
"I just discovered her channel recently too! She's hilarious and I love watching all the diet tryouts.","amusement"
"This is a great photoshop! On a related note... retire [NAME] Number and Maybe [NAME] number..... oh and also fire Garpax","admiration"
"That’s one of my favorite movies pans labyrinth.","admiration"
"I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.","desire"
"Getting outplayed by the Cavaliers LOL. Maybe [NAME] and [NAME] can take more bricks this quarter, seems to be working so far ","amusement"
"I think a [NAME] government would be far far worse than Brexit.","disapproval"
"I never tried Poshmark because their commission seems high. I may give it a shot","curiosity"
"Sub... chill... I see what you did there...","approval"
"I hated that smug ass lawyer.","anger"
"Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.","approval"
"DAMN!","neutral"
"Looked like it hurt","disappointment"
"He hates the Falcon because his dad would leave him all the time on it as a kid","anger"
"You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation","admiration"
"Time for a shot bud!!!!!","excitement"
"Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.","admiration"
"There are ways to work outside of employment.","neutral"
"Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.","remorse"
"A fly is a very tiny thing. But put it in someone’s soup a lot of attention.","realization"
"It was like fifteen minutes old, I doubt that many individual people cared to click in the first place. Also different account names kept responding.","caring"
"Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.","surprise"
"Wow, are you me? No one is a fan of season 1 but I definitely do this. There are little gems despite [NAME].","surprise"
"This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]","disapproval"
">[NAME] later admits to his brother he killed me ~~cause he hates bards~~ because he doesn't have the chops to run a robust encounter. FIFY","annoyance"
"Does she sleep with them all at once every time they hook up?","curiosity"
"Oil Kings game tomorrow is to promote organ donation!!! Come check it out! [NAME] will be there with super awesome/ugly [NAME] jerseys!!","neutral"
"True or False, you post in /r/The_Donald ?","curiosity"
"True! Remember the geocentric universe? Oh man, they even put [NAME] in jail. What a hoot!","surprise"
"Voting for representatives to govern on your behalf isn't direct democracy. That is when the people directly vote on issues themselves.","neutral"
"Thanks [NAME]!","gratitude"
"i mean yeah but people need to understand when someone needs something other than just sexual comments and maybe some actual support","annoyance"
"Anybody who likes to drink water with ice is a degenerate","neutral"
"That would be perfect! Wish I had that.","desire"
"No problem! I’m glad we can help. Hope it goes well","joy"
"I made the big time!","joy"
"And PenFed, IIRC, will let you pay a $15 charity donation bribe to get in if you're not otherwise eligible. ","neutral"
"I'm puzzled","confusion"
"hum yhea i kind of agree, but i still dont understand what it has to do with the amount of devs left working on the game.","approval"
"Idk if I’m wrong but I think they gave her some piercings on her ear which are cool too","neutral"
"I remember seeing [NAME] in the States and smelling weed during the entire concert. Not really surprising, he loves the stuff.","love"
"You can be a good writer or arguer and be absolutely retarded","annoyance"
"I don’t owe you an explanation. I’m at work.","neutral"
"I’m sorry to hear that. When do you graduate?","remorse"
"Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.","realization"
"WERE* protesting This is not current. Misleading.","disapproval"
"Lol... that is awesome.","joy"
"What a legend. True spidey meme master","neutral"
"*poorly It's an adverb. Happy New Year.","disapproval"
"Just save and reload. I doubt that when you reload you gonna stuck again.","approval"
"Getting back [NAME] would be nice. He's kind of like [NAME]","amusement"
"Dude just get them drunk.","excitement"
"Umm... educated people who think that killing a fetus after viability is abhorrent?","curiosity"
"wrap it as a package and take it to a bad neighborhood and leave it on someones front door step.","neutral"
"I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.","neutral"
"I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.","joy"
"Gotta love the mermaid gems.","approval"
"Ignorance is bliss","neutral"
"I said in my original text post that I don’t think Venezuela is socialist, and I stand by that statement.","neutral"
"Also since so many are forgoing children or having fewer the is less needed to purchase very large homes.","approval"
"That was fun.","joy"
"Yard goats was awesome. Almost a major league feel to it when it’s a packed day","admiration"
"I wish could do what you do. It has been my dream. Im jealous","desire"
"I can feel his cheeks puffing out.","approval"
"Yeah hed be a pure rental so maybe [NAME] is too much. [NAME] on his contract is definitely not worth assets though. Closer to a negative asset imo","neutral"
"> Honestly, I think ANY (maybe not NY) state beats CA when it comes to gun laws. WA is nipping at your heels.","admiration"
"I would have thought so yeah.","neutral"
"What is that","curiosity"
"This was great!! Thanks","admiration"
"Heyyy bear hug!","neutral"
"That was beautiful.","admiration"
"That's still doxing.","neutral"
"You are a great grandmother.","admiration"
"He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!","grief"
"You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.","admiration"
"I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.","annoyance"
"So happy for [NAME]. So sad he's not here. Imagine this team with [NAME] instead of [NAME]. Ugh.","excitement"
"He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesn’t have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.","disapproval"
"[NAME], I guess you are the one who got whooshed","curiosity"
"Why does that matter?","neutral"
"I think this title is biased. It groups all media improperly.","anger"
"[NAME] - Truck Union | Official Music Video","neutral"
"It’s all about the tech my friend. The person who knows how to control the modem has the power.","approval"
"Look at the reflection of the ceiling in the mirror...and the exit sign. I totally thought this was a jerk.","surprise"
"Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.","neutral"
"Although cool, it is not a bridge, it is road through snow.","neutral"
"Yeah that dragon one with the same style ? Mesmerizing. I believe there's also one close to Civic center","admiration"
"Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved","disapproval"
"Imagine going back through post history to try and dunk on someone who routinely owns you because you're desperate to be liked.","approval"
"I understand this keeps many dairies afloat (source neighbourhood dairy guy, so not 100 per cent sure it’s accurate). ","confusion"
"I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.","annoyance"
"Similarly, the Library of Congress is open and is absolutely beautiful. It's free and I highly recommend it even when the Smithsonian's aren't closed.","admiration"
"> The defunct club still sit third in the overall NI league roll of honour despite not having competed for 70 years. Wow","surprise"
"looks tasty did you all take it home?","curiosity"
"My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.","optimism"
"... that's... Literally what they did... The fixed the bug, and balanced abathur accordingly. What else do you want?","neutral"
"Just leave that school go to a new one","neutral"
"I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird. ","embarrassment"
"Do you mean commentaries on the stories?","neutral"
"This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic","embarrassment"
"I just want the 24 best players...no more weird guidelines to keep deserving guys out","neutral"
"> It’s really not that difficult to win in this league lol","amusement"
"How did [NAME] just give that beatdown to Attach, the other player was so far away.","curiosity"
"Mod like that should get doxxed honestly.","approval"
"A lot of virgins would reject the label.","neutral"
"The fact that people are still governed by tribal taboos from 2,500 years ago is insane. ","neutral"
"WYA? I'll come through.","approval"
"This is what I'm currently dealing with and I'm glad I read this. Nice reminder thank you lol.","amusement"
"lol [NAME] trying to attack someone with their back turned","amusement"
"I do this when rolling haha","amusement"
"Women have a right to their own bodies. Your comments are horribly patronizing. They indicate that women intellectually develop slower than men which is sexist.","approval"
"But he makes her vagina sing! How else is she supposed to act around him. Haha","amusement"
"Are you saying only corrupt companies make a profit? That doesn't sound right to me.","annoyance"
"Hahaha thanks for sharing that is simply amazing. You probably gave the buyer a good laugh too.","amusement"
"ISU was missing players and had to choke that game away pretty hard in order to lose","neutral"
"> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.","excitement"
"[NAME] voice was great!! Especially in Night Prowler","admiration"
"This one is by [NAME]! Your suggestion was funny to me, and you've been blessed with your joke being DR Onion #20!","joy"
"Erm... Maybe he wants you to use those toys... On him.","neutral"
"OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.","embarrassment"
"Binged through this last night. Interesting and entertaining. I'd love to see more.","optimism"
"I didn't even notice there was a mistake","confusion"
"I don't know how that works, but it's definitive that it will happen on that date.","neutral"
"But they were only contenting because they lucked into [NAME].","neutral"
"Polarizing filter needed??","desire"
"Oh sorry if I seemed dishonest. I hope you can make it through your mourning.","optimism"
"I did that.","joy"
"Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone","neutral"
"I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun. ","desire"
"Sounds magical!","excitement"
"Its fun to draw in an empty space.","amusement"
"hope everything ended up alright, op! ","optimism"
"I like this title, fun to picture a violent lake stealing dogs! :)","amusement"
"You can be highly educated and still incredibly ignorant.","approval"
"He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.","anger"
"It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America. ","neutral"
"Sounds like a great start to 2019! Congrats and good vibes to you💜","gratitude"
"It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.","disappointment"
"Gotta love trailing for 59+ minutes","love"
"Before telling you anything....what exactly do you want out of this?","neutral"
"I've invested 9 goddamn years watching these twits. I'm going down with the ship.","fear"
"Let's say he quits or is fired (we already know neither will happen). Who the [NAME] would we pick to replace him?","confusion"
"thanks this isn’t incredibly triggering for me (and a bunch of others) or anything","gratitude"
"It’s neither. It’s an acrostic, lol.","neutral"
"LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼","amusement"
"I would spend money on hots again for this skin !","love"
"(insert [NAME] meme) THEFT?!","curiosity"
"I'm 27 and still look 15. When does this change?","curiosity"
"Maybe you just enjoy the process of digging? Does it have to be somebody you’re attracted to or have you tried stalking a random person?","neutral"
"football is my best cope. its like chess to me","admiration"
"You’ve just exemplified your own idea, thank you for further explaining it. I couldn’t agree more.","disapproval"
"[NAME]. Has a great bit about how negative everyone is about everything.","disgust"
"Wondered 'why doesn't it seem like theyre making any progress' before I realized how short the loop was....","confusion"
"correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry","disapproval"
"I still have empathy because she's a human with a family. Every bigots are human.","caring"
"Thanks so much for your reply it helps to hear from others. Good luck on your journey.","caring"
"Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*","neutral"
"The FF/SDLP pact just kills off the SDLP in my eyes. No way can I vote for a party with links to the corrupt FF","neutral"
"So you then took that lie and began aggressively cheating on him? Your post history. Wow.","anger"
"The first story in the history of humanity.","neutral"
"That's funny because I used to hate him but researching more just made me like him more","amusement"
"That’s not populism, that’s demagoguery. Subtle, but big difference. ","neutral"
"That’s why I never break.","optimism"
"Have a nice day, sir. ","gratitude"
"Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.","neutral"
"Am I the only one who finds this hilarious? Good for her!","curiosity"
"Yeah, you're getting points. Bring your insurance documents as well just to save yourself the trip back. They will ask for them.","approval"
">Maybe they found the key somewhere else on his property and prefer this location better, who knows. Yeah, that makes sense.","approval"
"Something about performing an exorcism from an iPhone just feels off though","annoyance"
"Translation }}} I wish I could afford it.","desire"
"Hey, I bought a few issues of "Lady Death" and it was awesome! I wasn't hanging posters though.","admiration"
"[NAME] looks so much older though.","neutral"
"You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...","nervousness"
"If fathers could have a say though... do you really think that would result in less children?? Id say it would result in more..","curiosity"
"I already like the game. I don't to make the wins gimmicky for the game to be fun.","admiration"
"I mean I've never seen, even on this show, people grab so many cookies and chips with such excitement. ","excitement"
"Could be to lead the police on the wrong trail to delay being caught","neutral"
"You all need to move the f out of your parents house!","desire"
"*Oh, shame for you; you activated my Alu-card!*","disgust"
"You’ve never shit yourself as an adult?? If an adult can then a kid definitely can","curiosity"
"True. I don't know the survival rates of the women in ancient rome but I can't imagine it was fantastic.","confusion"
"Welcome back.","neutral"
"I would do that all day until she learned not to put her dirty feet on the dash!!","desire"
"Congrats!!! Happy for you.","joy"
"So you reject your ideology's premise that you can just protect yourself.","disappointment"
"when my friend introduced me to [NAME] i was only 7 or 8","approval"
"> You seem like I good time see previous statement about being uneducated.","neutral"
"Those damn tires","surprise"
"I don't get your point. I love the grind as well, that's why I tried to get dark matter and prestige master. ","confusion"
"I ASSURE YOU WE'RE OPEN","neutral"
"Same, I zoomed in, skeptical AF that this could be a painting! Wow!","admiration"
"You're a man sleeping with a man. Ok.","neutral"
"Robinhood & LibertyX receive licenses from New York","neutral"
"I regret that I understand that reference :(","remorse"
"That sounds awesome! So good to have someone able to teach you their skills 😊","admiration"
"Same for me, feels like i've been made alone just so my brother can get all the attention","disappointment"
"My blood pressure Edit: I'm just happy to be here.","joy"
"Haha didn’t even notice. It’s staying.","amusement"
"That really is all they have. He’ll just keep asking questions in bad faith to continue getting your attention.","neutral"
"> Probably because the guy gets violent because of his ~~ego~~ **fragile sexuality** FTFY","neutral"
"Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm","annoyance"
"I’m wondering if your church and bible study attendance lets her pretend you are [NAME].","curiosity"
"im in love with this comment","love"
"At least we can all rest easy that it doesn’t happen in “The Zookeeper”","neutral"
"Clickin’ it!","neutral"
"Best news ever. Some quality futbol at last!","approval"
"The man literally elevated any role he touches.","admiration"
"Not all atheists do this, but some do and it's a genuinely strange phenomenon.","admiration"
"Great place and they're super sweet. Happy to support them.","admiration"
"Dude who knows u cant tell what a chemical is based on taste","confusion"
"It's just bizarre you would criticize [NAME] on his development capabilities when he's not a developer... His specialties are centered around crypto philosophy","optimism"
">West Covina That just happens to be where [NAME] lives!","neutral"
"Those cards are so cool","admiration"
"I feel the exact same way. It makes me so insecure","confusion"
"So if the company announces they are recording the call, can I also record the call without telling them? Because they already know they're being recorded.","curiosity"
"He meant [NAME] [NAME] hihihi [NAME]","neutral"
"If they are suffering immense pain, I doubt watching Endgame is high on their list of priorities","neutral"
"You're right, but you forgot to mention they are registered [NAME]","approval"
"Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!","gratitude"
"Not all [NAME] supporters are tankies, but all tankies are [NAME] supporters","neutral"
"Victim victim victim. From your comments I can tell you think the world is out to get you.","neutral"
"Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh","gratitude"
"Why are you so salty? Who hurt you?","curiosity"
"The [NAME], a great bunch of lads","admiration"
"You know what's coming, right?","confusion"
"Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?","confusion"
"Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!","anger"
"Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.","caring"
"Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???","confusion"
"The only "pro choice" I like is pro choice of guns! Another LIBERAL trolled epic style","love"
"Same here man, terrible feeling","fear"
"Watching this makes me angry.","anger"
"I don't think it's duping I think it probably loot cycling you can find almost the military gear from on the coast now.","disapproval"
"I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.","desire"
"I for one am happy for [NAME] ballin out. Now let's go win this game !!!!","excitement"
"Not to mention the small electronic machines that we all carry around in our pockets. It'll be interesting to see how this impacts online casinos that accept cryptocurrency.","realization"
"Meanwhile my cat still hasn't voluntarily touched my 1.5 year old son","neutral"
"I was just about to comment this. Pause in between "but" and "why" too","approval"
"Heard that too lol. And how [NAME] is fantastic on the ball, but the lack of assists puts him down as a player .","amusement"
"That's... why I'm here.","disappointment"
"Thanks for the info! Fellow dry eyelids , I guess I'll just keep using my usual.","gratitude"
"You know I’ve always wondered what this song was about. Thank you.","curiosity"
"Damn, that was brilliantly put. Thank you. I screenshotted it to use on Twitter. Is that ok? ","annoyance"
"“stay still” the best and most timely advice you’ll ever get.","caring"
"And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D","excitement"
"As long as [NAME] isn't suggesting [NAME] to the Lakers I'm ok with pretty much any Ringer rumor","neutral"
"Japanese Raws? This manga is ongoing and next chapter is 217 as far as i'm concerned","curiosity"
"This makes so much sense. Seems she has been icing me. Time to call it quits","neutral"
"/u/skyboundIan no spoilers in the trailer pretty please :D","disapproval"
"Have you never been to this sub before? This is like 40 percent of the people here","neutral"
"An extreme strawman example doesn't change what I said.","approval"
"Probably wouldn't hurt to delete this post and pretend it never was posted.","neutral"
"I got mine at 21. The ex wife would have had me snore instead of wear it for years.","neutral"
"Do you have any recommended places? A lot of the sites I’ve looked at want you to pay, kinda hard when your broke lol. ","amusement"
"[NAME] and [NAME] had equally good chances when they were on the same line in the first/second period - they just didn't convert.","optimism"
"There's a bit of room between "not loving sub-zero temperatures" and "never going outside."","annoyance"
"That sounds like a legitimate reason. However she still gave herself a reason to say [NAME] constantly...","approval"
"I’d be damned if she isn’t the one cleaning up that mess","neutral"
"Yeah.. like 30ish BBs deep I don’t think about it twice, just re-jam and be a sad boy. But we are so fucking deep...","annoyance"
"If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(","annoyance"
"Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la","disgust"
"Oh boy you’re in for a treat. Make sure you visit Austin if you move","joy"
"Hurts donuts are dry. i love the toppings and suffer through the bottom 90% of the donut, really not worth it. ","admiration"
"Let me know how you enjoy it!","curiosity"
"I love your writing style!","love"
"BUT WHY IS THE FELLOW HUMAN SHOUTING?","anger"
"Please ask questions about moving to Denver in the Q&A sticky, thanks! Short answer: no ","gratitude"
"There is so much positive support and affirmation in this thread and I love it. Congratulations OP.","caring"
"Have fun insulting me then. I have fun building and using BSV Insults are too low for me to participate. Sorry","amusement"
"You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it","caring"
"Wow. Got a link?","admiration"
"I want to know them - so I can actually murder them. (With words, that is.)","annoyance"
"That thing is rather thin , it wouldn't be a big problem to tap-swallow it","neutral"
"Smell my cheese, you mother!!","neutral"
"This type of discussion is exactly what I came to r/medicine for. Thanks guys!","gratitude"
"Do they have rankings beyond the top 9? It'd be great to see what type of talent would be available in rounds 3, 4 etc.","curiosity"
"Might I suggest if you give yourself an epithet with the word 'prick' you are infact inviting a little denigration from the jaded?","curiosity"
"Wow. That scene would’ve made knocked up much better.","surprise"
"I reccomend the lego movie!","admiration"
"using the crying emoji is a sin against humanity, and you should be executed via the electric chair for doing so. ","sadness"
"Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.","disapproval"
"Just curious...","curiosity"
"Look, I knew the end of that last sentence in my mind. It's not my fault you can't keep up.","annoyance"
"Shame our government can't progress as fast as the infrastructure.","disgust"
"No I think he just meant that losing half of your shit should at least move the needle a little lol","disapproval"
"right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me","optimism"
"taj with 12 and 5 before the half, great game so far. Hopefully [NAME] can continue his 1st quarter shooting","admiration"
"Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?","annoyance"
"Do you think South Korea and Japan are not serious countries?","neutral"
"I wonder how many tries it took to get the spacing right","neutral"
"This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.","annoyance"
"Given my grandpaernts survived the holocaust and told us everything, we have a horrible yet interesting family humour. ","admiration"
"I was there, too. I do NOT remember that, though. Yikes...","neutral"
"Much better 2nd quarter, keep it up guys.","admiration"
"Yes... This video that we're in the comment section of is the sequel to the video that I posted... Which is the prequel.","neutral"
"Clearly not well enough","disapproval"
"I got laid the first time directly after that game too Not sure if there's a correlation, just thought I'd contribute","realization"
"Battle of the Bastards","neutral"
"> Society usually paints men as emotionless, cold, and self sustaining creatures who don't need affection. Not really, though.","amusement"
"Oh fuck I almost forgot to jerk off and smoke weed today. I'm so forgetful. Appreciate the reminder.","annoyance"
"The third picture is creepy.","fear"
"Someone has sex with that.","neutral"
"What's sad is that I look like this and I'm not a virgin. What's your excuse?","neutral"
"I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!","gratitude"
"Look at the quality of that animation on the spider legs. This goes to show that the Simpsons really used to go way beyond the call of duty","admiration"
"The temperature is too damn low.","disappointment"
"good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself","approval"
"That's what happens to you when you support terrorists (pkk) especially Marxist ones","caring"
"Yeah. She kills herself, but by accident. ","anger"
"WUTS THE ISSUE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON?","neutral"
"Those flowers look painted on","neutral"
"There is also no dog in the white house. Why? Because dogs can smell an asshole a mile away.","approval"
"i heard it was like 300,000 german pows he just sprayed down after shooting his 30 round mag into them.","remorse"
"Can’t wait to lose this one!","realization"
"Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped","anger"
"people have built such a stigma around it that it's what comes to mind first instead of positive thoughts.","neutral"
"You're fighting the good fight here. If you still want blackberries on your property, you can always try growing our native one, *Rubus ursinus*.","admiration"
"Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.","annoyance"
"I've had a crown and bracelets made for me with old ad. Glad I'm not alone","excitement"
"She is smiling in the picture and, to add insult to injury, seems pregnant in the video.... ","neutral"
"Ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?","curiosity"
"I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction. ","anger"
"Yeah we should be going to him every possession. The Sund don’t have anyone who can guard him.","neutral"
"This would be perfect for a new sub sound","approval"
"I legitimately had a hard time believing such terrible people exist until I encountered one for myself!","fear"
"Anybody think maybe we’re the mystery team in on [NAME]? At this point I wouldn’t be surprised.","curiosity"
"Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?","neutral"
"Thank you for advice!!","gratitude"
"No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time. ","love"
"My heart broke for him when his wife suddenly passed away. I worried about him with his issues with depression but he seems to be doing okay.","remorse"
"I wanna try it also. I think I had it when I was a kid but it’s been so long","joy"
"My favorite thing is his friend in the back","neutral"
"I love democracy.","love"
"I’m not unpleasant with her.","neutral"
"Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! "Sorry, but I have a boyfriend." End of conversation.","disapproval"
"21 year old here! I had always wondered when I would feel like an adult... according to this thread looks like it never happens","surprise"
"Almost all cars go through auctions at some point. It's nothing to worry about.","neutral"
"I've had all this... except for the last part.","desire"
"You all need to move the f out of your parents house!","neutral"
"I don't think that's a normal marriage because my husband has never said those kinds of things to me (20 years now)","surprise"
"I would agree, but at the same time if it pisses off [NAME] supporters enough to keep them home in 2020, I'm all for it.","approval"
"That one guy barley touched the car and it stoped","neutral"
"This whole sub makes me sad.","sadness"
"Does anyone here think this will actually turn the Jet's around? I feel like this is the worst shit ever.","annoyance"
"Sage advice. Just noticed your reply now! Thank you.","gratitude"
"Wow so he cheated shes going to manipulate and use him because she can send him back whenever she wants. [NAME] 2.0","neutral"
"Stop trying and just do it. Then decide if it’s worth the effort. Otherwise this is just envy.","annoyance"
"# IF YOU DIG THIS, THEN YOU DUG THIS. CAUSE IT'S ALL ABOUT THE NERD FIGHT PORK PIE","neutral"
"[NAME] has not played under [NAME] for a single day of his career.","neutral"
"I love how some people have the mindset "children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."","love"
"Yeah, I feel like Velvet Underground is the band of choice for 20 year olds ","approval"
"I wish there was a way to separate the moderation function of karma from the “I agree with you/I don’t agree with you“.","desire"
"That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.","joy"
"Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.","approval"
"I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.","love"
"This is all soooo nice. What nice people.","admiration"
"this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred","annoyance"
"I want to go scuba diving so bad, but swimming in anything bigger than a pool terrifies me.","fear"
"Thanks, I sort of bought myself the leadership role with that little stunt I pulled. I will do my best. ","gratitude"
"Everyone go home, the ~woke~ crowd have decreed misogyny and homophobia are a myth. ","anger"
"[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME]","amusement"
"Fair enough. I miss working meat","approval"
"Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.","disapproval"
"You could try addressing the post you're replying to.","neutral"
"This will forever be my most fav April moment!","approval"
"You still sit when you piss.","curiosity"
"Thank you for sharing, that was some very big-brained marginalia. Now remember to wash your penis and clean your room before you play minecraft","gratitude"
"Nothing special, just love a good knife fight. Bonus Revive.","approval"
"thanks! yeah a bit, wrote for my college paper last semester but thinking about doing more","gratitude"
"he knows there are tribute bands, right?...","embarrassment"
"[NAME] just got to slide into Chef Bois DMs","neutral"
"Guys a complete troll who has no idea about cancer or the physical pain it can cause. Move on and don’t give the cunt the satisfaction.","caring"
"Tan woman here. I can see my boob veins too. Kinda cool to trace the lightening strike","neutral"
"Keep yer grubby paws off our Dlo.","neutral"
"[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4","fear"
"Awesome. Glad to hear it","amusement"
"You’re braver than me, thank you for your service O7","admiration"
"Ahhh India. Where she would have been raped 17 times on her daily commute.","annoyance"
"Who was it saying that [NAME] destroys hooker and broner again","neutral"
"Ok, we get it. You're a top.","admiration"
"[NAME] gonna miss the game tonight because I’ll be traveling to Phoenix. Give me another blowout win like the ones last week.","sadness"
"When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning","neutral"
"Now that you live alone you don't have money left to buy a dishwasher","neutral"
"Reminded me of becoming a chef. Started as a dishwasher. Gave up. Turned programer.","neutral"
"Lmao seriously this is stupid. HEY GUYS DO YOU GUYS AS INTJS NEED TO DRINK WATER? NOT ME","amusement"
"I mean I feel like some people lose it more drastically than others.","annoyance"
"People have gotten shot with legal means while breaking into someone's home, sued the home owner and won. ","neutral"
"Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem. ","sadness"
"just give me platinum and go to sleep ♥️","neutral"
"When you've been to 9 in the past 20 years its kinda hard to stiil get excited . Its our week 17.","neutral"
"Ya, definitely gotta not feel like a [NAME] sometimes too. ","nervousness"
"Thanks friend lol","amusement"
"I’ve found it quite useful up until the nuclear option.","neutral"
"So many great shows they killed because they didn't advertise them and put them at terrible air times :(","admiration"
"Me too, me too. But if it’s with anybody but [NAME] piloting the thing, I will cry big salty tears.","neutral"
"That is called "delusions of reference" and it is a symptom of acute psychosis. If he is doing any kind of recreational drug that will make it worse. ","neutral"
"Thanks, I understand what you mean, this made me feel better :)","gratitude"
"I *couldn't.*","neutral"
"Excess of 300 partners and not using protection is unappealing to me, I dont want catch anything ","annoyance"
"Thank you. Its only applicable if its not in the customer's favor and if they follow other stipulations.","approval"
"Rape cases are up in Chicago too. It's just a reflection of more people reporting them rather than there actually being more rapes.","neutral"
"Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?","annoyance"
"Yep, whole different story if mom finds her favorite vibrator buzzing on the floor still.","nervousness"
"[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect "data" from this place.","confusion"
"Ask them if they’re going to give you a “test salary” for it... if not, nope out of there. ","neutral"
"Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.","admiration"
"For some reason, I read the "no tears" part like they want you to stop crying.","caring"
"It is amazing how social media is allowing maniacs to congregate. Social media is very bad for us.","realization"
">That movie only makes sense if [NAME] is lying No, it doesn't. But thankfully the professionals write the story, not fans.","neutral"
"Company car? Oh boy he’s in trouble now.","disappointment"
"are they clean, though? the chlorine keeps it clean, to my understanding.","curiosity"
"We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.","neutral"
"That's not an explanation of why it would be undemocratic.","disapproval"
"Wow... drug smugglers will always find a way I guess. I bet that took a ton of work","surprise"
"Lol, oh man. Well, if we can laugh at our kids, what can we laugh at? Never a dull moment.","amusement"
"What an idiot.","anger"
"You can't slap a "sustainable sourced seafood" tag to pretend that over fishing doesn't exist and isn't a real","neutral"
"I don’t think there’s enough to make a canon implementation of Cyvasse but it looks like there are some fan-made ones.","neutral"
"Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle","admiration"
"Agree 100% I guess I'm just happy to see anyone, even total scumbags, willing to criticize dear leader. ","annoyance"
"Can't wait for it.","excitement"
"No because thats stupid","disapproval"
"yes how does it feel being one of them","neutral"
"I don't see how it can get to -1.20?","curiosity"
"Yep.... Have fun","joy"
"False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.","realization"
"Ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?","curiosity"
"Jokes aside, is anyone on the dev team? ~~taking even a remote look at [NAME]?~~ Fixed for you. LAWL","confusion"
"is it dangerous to take a quick photo while stopped at a red light","curiosity"
"where did they even find that photo","confusion"
"I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?","approval"
"Can anyone tell me what happened to [NAME]?","neutral"
"It's called "Duper's delight". You see it frequently in sociopaths like serial killers, or politicians, or both, like [NAME].","approval"
"Sorry for the late reply. Bought it on the NHL shop, they have them in both fanatics and addidas.","embarrassment"
"bleh. You would think 160 reps in and I wouldn't have that problem. Thanks for the insight.","gratitude"
"I was really hoping you meant that we shouldn't need to call ourselves feminists because it should just be common sense, but I guess I was wrong. ","disappointment"
"What a joke","amusement"
"“What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.”","joy"
"I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.","love"
"Well she mostly horrible when she was drunk, so drinking less for her would be a huge improvement.","admiration"
"These stats don't specify if the cops are in the right for killing someone","disapproval"
"$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm","joy"
"Very. As a side note, what, do they not expect heavy traffic on that bridge? One lane only?","neutral"
"Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not","love"
"Playing hard to get","neutral"
"I'm not going to Photoshop that even as a joke because I know someone will find it out of context and take it seriously.","disapproval"
"Okay, I’m honestly curious as to why it is you’d assume that?","curiosity"
"What prompted you to change? Just curious. She does have a tinge of perfectionism.","curiosity"
"I love this.","love"
"[NAME]","embarrassment"
"Can't believe this didn't occur to me until now that [NAME] is [NAME] wife.","neutral"
"Fucking refs suck my balls.","anger"
"I need to shower after reading this","neutral"
"Trust your gut","approval"
"So can we all collectively accept that [NAME] has a high placement for this week? Okay thank you","gratitude"
"He’s fine for a 3rd string.","amusement"
"Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up","gratitude"
"Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much","caring"
"my first thought as well. they look completely recognizable to me.","approval"
"I AM THE GOLDEN GOD","pride"
"Meh. Everyone's entitled to their opinions. I won't lose any sleep knowing they think my opinion is garbage. I am at peace with it.","neutral"
"And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.","disapproval"
"I still can't believe those guys got nominated.","surprise"
"I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes","neutral"
"Also why we only get two Senators per state.","curiosity"
"Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰","annoyance"
"bcash is not bitcoin. its a fork if bitcoin, and you brought up [NAME] yourself which is pretty odd considering you think of him as a distraction.","annoyance"
"i think you could say the chat about smelling their own farts was also added for comedic effect","amusement"
"This is a terrible idea","fear"
"Stupid theory!","annoyance"
"My new favorite phrase.","admiration"
"They're only part of it. There are subliminals as well. My sa is cured. Have a blast keeping yours if that's what you want","neutral"
"My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.","annoyance"
"[NAME] was horrid for us","neutral"
"I report them still as residences and attach a Google Street view screenshot and note that it's nothing at all","neutral"
"I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit","embarrassment"
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as "the lizard".","gratitude"
"This is straight up depressing","neutral"
"Oh. You’re one of.... ^*those.*","neutral"
"You just know they're the same people who call PTSD sufferers cowards, or would make fun of someone having a panic attack.","neutral"
"He will be perfectly fine besides being very nauseous and probably throwing up.","relief"
"I'm sorry, but that poor kitty looks miserable.","caring"
"You think 60% is shafting anyone? I think Tellius is sub 20%.","curiosity"
"snitches get stitches","neutral"
"I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.","desire"
"Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here","relief"
"I think they're fine people but I don't want to date one again because it's just a pain re:eating.","caring"
"This is my hat now... this is totally my hat...","neutral"
"Stop playing dumb. You know what an incel is.","annoyance"
"His delivery when he’s on just radio or a video has always bugged me. But his blogs are entertaining.","neutral"
"Steven universe is a kid’s show that is also aimed at adults. A very intense 1 hot episode aired last night and people are excited.","excitement"
"Shivering Isles is what DLC should be. Fantastic expansions of content that dont cost quite as much as expansion packs did.","neutral"
"My comment was meant in jest :)","neutral"
"Like I said, I’m glad that’s working out for him but for most of the world being gainfully employed societal norms absolutely matter.","gratitude"
"Idk I always hear thing about them like they’re all monsters","neutral"
"I was AF enlisted too hahaha","joy"
"I care about me and my benefit.. No shits given about you (general you) . It's my job to vote my best interest","caring"
"My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.","joy"
"I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.","disapproval"
"Apparently LucasFilm didn't want the optics of it to look like they were overshadowing MLK tributes. Delayed a week for precaution.","disapproval"
"I just came","neutral"
"My thoughts exactly","neutral"
"I’ve thought about it... if my next job doesn’t really make me happy. My wife is all for it.","approval"
"Remind me! 2 days","neutral"
"I’ll let you believe that for now. You’ll see what I mean in 3-5 years Have a nice night stranger","neutral"
"That's what we're doing. It's just on my weeks I'd have to drop them off to her to take to daycare.","neutral"
"Just imagine the waitstaff carrying cast-iron plates everywhere! oof!","optimism"
"At first your post reads like some anti-vax, flat earth rant containing too many capitalised words... until you realise it's all true.","realization"
"..how is he not? better == good","confusion"
"Is this funny but sad? This just seems like a normal meme to me","amusement"
"Hi, [NAME]! I am here to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you the best day of your life! -HappyFriendlyBot","caring"
"This is why I'm a communist. Eat. The. Rich.","approval"
"There are no male versions of feminists. Men live in a different social reality than women.","disapproval"
"This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.","annoyance"
"Hope you're still doing ok ❤✌","optimism"
"I did.","pride"
"It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]","disappointment"
"1000 years fuck yes! Think of all the technological advancements you could witness!","approval"
"Love [NAME], but he is really dumb when it comes to politics and economics.","fear"
"Even worse: "Share something interesting about yourself." Suddenly I become the most boring person ever to exist.","curiosity"
"I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.","disapproval"
"I think that’s what she expects too.","neutral"
"Should I skip 1 and go straight to 2?","curiosity"
"Thank you. Very very much","gratitude"
"[NAME], if you're doing an Undertale deal, not having a red heart on your ass is inexcusable.","disgust"
"Really!? I thought it had, or at least it should. Guess I'm better off leaving too","disappointment"
"Does taking a small jab at [NAME] shrek 2 mean something has to be wrong with me? What a fragile world you must live in...","neutral"
"Yeah I'm not arguing there isnt recreational potential though it can certainly mess you up. Doesn't help most products with dxm have other active ingredients.","disapproval"
"america is pretty much the least class-conscious country in the world so it shouldnt be a surprise. everyone thinks that one day theyll be management so its cool","neutral"
"FISH ARE FRIENDS ... NOT FOOD.'","neutral"
"No, the ECJ made unilateral A50 revocation subject to good faith use, not as a tactical tool to gain a better deal.","neutral"
"I was at that game!!","neutral"
"That’s depressing","annoyance"
"[NAME] a good guy who hosts leagues full of people who want to have fun. Check it out!","admiration"
"Well I did add an edit you might have missed haha","amusement"
"that depends on where you live. you could probably move in with some people to share the costs for a while.","optimism"
"If you were to ask me how my 2016 went, I could go on and on but politics wouldn’t even come up once","realization"
"He has been training for this 5k for about 20 years","admiration"
"Fair enough, I respect your perspective.","admiration"
"Haha i have 2 chinchillas from a manic episode about 8 years ago. They're sweet little things.","caring"
"They're upset because, if the slime that makes 4chan stink were to congeal into a person, it would be [NAME].","disappointment"
"_Today I felt like drawing [NAME]_","neutral"
"I mean maybe to the casual conservative, but people who believe Hollywood is a [NAME] propaganda machine usually already have the swastika flag and all I would think.","neutral"
"I know and I think that's a lot more impressive/interesting. :)","optimism"
"You really are this stupid aren’t you? Whatever buddy I don’t argue spastics.","annoyance"
"Lol no wonder it's so expensive. I've been wondering if his developers are taking him for a ride.","amusement"
"Made me laugh, tbh.","amusement"
"[NAME] bless your soul. Please keep us updated. HORRAY!","gratitude"
"I like offensive humour. But just because somethings offensive doesn't mean it's funny.","embarrassment"
"Wow,29 turnovers. Something to talk about","surprise"
"Gotta love [NAME].","love"
"One of these vids should end with [NAME].","neutral"
"Normally don't like telling people the value of their opinion, but this opinion... Is 100% correct carry on ","disapproval"
"No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.","disapproval"
"Murder is wrong by the very definition of the word.","neutral"
"I met him! He graduated from my high school and came back when I was a freshman to talk to us in PE. Really nice guy.","admiration"
"You can’t say that that’s racist!!!!!!","annoyance"
"> How can you hate your brother in arms? They managed a damn fine job of it in Weimar Germany.","annoyance"
"I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear","annoyance"
"A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.","remorse"
"Unhappy, I am.","sadness"
"My mum had this. I got to pick things I wanted from inside and we’d make them together. :) nice memories.","joy"
"That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me","annoyance"
"Nobody actually likes tiktok adverts","realization"
"And based on the film of [NAME] novel *Johnny Got His Gun*, both worth checking out.","optimism"
"Pls shut up","annoyance"
"> [NAME] is terrible at finding obscure crap like this Have you ever tried google? ^^^:^^^P","disapproval"
"Just like in Seinfeld when the waitress called the audible after [NAME] talked about how much he likes manure.","approval"
"Not unexpected this election was gonna be a brawl between him and [NAME] from the start.","neutral"
"Hahahahahahahaa (Sorry, that is all I can say, it does not require a more intelligible comment.) ","amusement"
"Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.","neutral"
"That's what I assumed too","amusement"
"No hun your husband is screwed up. The way he treats you is no way of a man of [NAME]. You deserve better. ❤","anger"
"Congratulations, the most poorly written video game story in history made you think twice. You must be a genius. ","gratitude"
"Until the Brexiteers bit at the end you could have been talking about Ireland.","neutral"
"Do you dislike the concept or the way they use prepositions? Does your first language lack the concept as well? :)","neutral"
"Interestingly enough I think it just needs to be the heavy creamer, my wife has some sensitivities to some dairy but not all forms of it. ","neutral"
"[NAME] has a heart attack","neutral"
"No. Can’t wait till it’s legal here","neutral"
"And let us not forget the lord's privilege with a new bride. Ahhhh......the good old days.","admiration"
"Wish he'd upload more 😪","neutral"
"You did the right thing. You’re not ready to settle down so you stopped wasting her time.","approval"
"I make it a point to toss it real loud in the QMOS bin so they see where the shit goes, [NAME].","neutral"
"What an incel","neutral"
"I told you you’re right it’s silly anyone would care about foreign intelligence attempting to influence elections. What a silly joke.","amusement"
"I do this everyday... lol","amusement"
"[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.","love"
"Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.","approval"
"I thought you were suggesting a bigger knife for a second.","optimism"
"I for the life of me can’t figure out what this has to do with polyamory","neutral"
"Don't go into alcoholism because of my comment :(","disapproval"
"More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME]. ","anger"
"I understand your frustration with [NAME] hate but [NAME] as a character though... /s","neutral"
"Yeah, I mentioned some of that elsewhere in this thread.","excitement"
"happy cake day.","neutral"
"Don't know if it's a full moon tonight, but holy hell have the idiots and a-holes come out in force","neutral"
"Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though","realization"
"Several of the scenarios in the ad were talking about intervening when boys were attacking/bullying other boys.","neutral"
"Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.","desire"
"My hoosband loves dee cee and I love San Diego because of the Gorilla enclosure And the Pandas.","love"
"Yep, all the mentally light-lifting folks will flock to that instead of her cautiously pushed out 70% tax rate.","neutral"
"No it’s not! It’s much easier to pull in to the space and leave it there.","neutral"
"A walker kid hanging from a basketball hoop [NAME]: [Visible Concern]","neutral"
"Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.","optimism"
"The miracle was just that. Because we all know the Vikings would fail the next game.","annoyance"
"I hurt you now.","neutral"
"I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s","sadness"
"I have a coworker that had a similar problem... turns out she needed surgery to clear out her sinuses. Once she had the surgery things improved significantly.","realization"
"Well I guess there's one positive of no deal at least","approval"
"Ahhhhhhh. The fine talent and craftsmanship of CNN","admiration"
"Good: Beat OSU Better: Humiliate OSU Best: Embarrass OSU so badly that they lose recruits to us after the game","disappointment"
"Plenty of activists have skin in the game. Sounds like you don't know many real activists!","sadness"
"That might be the first accurate thing you’ve said today! (You’re merely a couple of decades late.)","neutral"
"Mmm ... Chicken milk.","neutral"
"Anybody wanna go on a picnic with me? Alpaca lunch.","excitement"
"Thank you for the good chuckle.","gratitude"
"[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier","desire"
"People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.","anger"
"Not a good time to make life altering plans like moving in with him right now. Good luck, though. [NAME]","caring"
"No, i'm arguing that if she calls someone disgusting for how they act it's wrong to act like the other person is an asshole for retaliating. ","approval"
"I _hate_ it when I can't get hold of a specific food I've been craving on a binge day.","annoyance"
"Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.","disappointment"
"No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.","disapproval"
"I've always wondered how cases where an individual gets a 7 or 8 figure sum issued against them work in practice","confusion"
"Same here. I appreciate the truckers in this sub and how they emphasize safety.","admiration"
"I might be a prude. "Suck him off in the bathroom of your friend's home!" Those don't equate","anger"
"Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;","realization"
"I were wondering what's the deal with the second pic .Nice find .","admiration"
"my favourite kind of cookies.","joy"
"I did watch it and didn’t see the thing OP mentioned. So I am not sure what I was supposed to gain from watching.","confusion"
"That would be okay, I guess.","approval"
"Your son went to school in a treehouse?","curiosity"
"The only excuse for folding there pre is timing out. Ever. (I really hope that's what happened)","remorse"
"If you were still here you probably heard mine! He’s a coonhound and likes to sing","desire"
"Dude, take back your life and dignity. GTFO!!!","neutral"
"Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D","joy"
"Srs that shade range is abysmal smh","embarrassment"
"Hope he gets rich from this too!","optimism"
"Thank you and likewise to you friend!","gratitude"
"Whoops. Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!","gratitude"
"The evergreen looks pretty great, no clue on the price unfortunately. ","admiration"
"Yeah I dont know. :S","approval"
"Thank you, I thought the plane in the picture was cool too. I am. One of the best pictures I’ve taken with my phone.","admiration"
"already downloading, as long as there is 1 or 2 fun heroes it will be worth it","admiration"
"You're so special and quirky :D","admiration"
"I don’t think you understand selling at a loss","disapproval"
"Grizzly bear is a type of brown bear.","neutral"
"I’m sorry he’s treating people this way. You will find even greater and less costly bliss!","optimism"
"Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.","annoyance"
"[NAME] I wish that was a more active sub :(","desire"
"Ik I’m crying rn","sadness"
"Tf happened to him? You just said thanks LOL","curiosity"
"Oh boy... it must actually be kind of nice to be completely oblivious to how the people around you are feeling.","approval"
"She has major SB😖","approval"
"[NAME] has never said he wanted to build the team around [NAME]. Not sure why people are spreading this rumour.","confusion"
"He's alright, Avatar, The Happening and After Earth were genuinely terrible films. ","disgust"
"Careful, it's hot ","approval"
"She was using her lighter to heat up the cold pump handle.","realization"
"I can't keep up! This drama is too much 😭🤣","amusement"
"Because they claim to be against [NAME], and they need something called "votes" to beat him?","neutral"
"That's not what diffusion is at all smh","disapproval"
"Happy Daily Peko #270! Source couldn’t be found I think it’s from the manga.","joy"
"you almost blew my fucking mind there.","anger"
"This guy gets it (and feels it as well... Sorry brother)","sadness"
"Awesome and interesting response!","admiration"
"Stop using your corporate jargon around here!","anger"
"Except you continue to lose calories well after you finish running...so way off","neutral"
"Da Colts!!! Go frank go!!!","neutral"
"Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. ","love"
"Sorry, new at ","nervousness"
"Ohio is weird.","annoyance"
""Smile Dude"","neutral"
"I like all of them, depending on what I want to learn. I really like [NAME] and [NAME] style, because they are such trolls. ","love"
"I have [NAME] hat so I could marry it, flip it and kill it","neutral"
"Yeah I would have loved it if those things actually contributed something to the gameplay","optimism"
"All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.","approval"
"Sad for the people who contracted measles. Angry at the parents who didn't vaccinate their kids against measles.","anger"
"Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned","anger"
"Oh to be able to leave the house at night (I have a kid)","neutral"
"Oh no! We better stop now...before someone's feelings get hurt!","disappointment"
"Damn how I wish [NAME] was there just to see his reactions to [NAME] questions 😂😂","disappointment"
"Dude, an older woman will eat you for lunch and wonder who's handing her the toothpick and handling the entree order.","surprise"
"Me too, got off real good.","approval"
"Is freedom of expression a right or a law?","curiosity"
"Wtf the dude is 29? Seemed like only yesterday he was the most hyped goalie prospect in the world...","curiosity"
"Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.","admiration"
"A mod like this, especially if it's exclusive to your servers, would be full no matter what","neutral"
"Do I need a reason other than: he hands out $100.00 bills to would-be voters?","confusion"
"Do you make a point of letting everyone know you don’t believe in [NAME] every time you see a religious reference? Or just this one?","confusion"
"but that's what covers are for. They show the title and sometimes a relevant image so you quickly know the contents.","approval"
"OP should first talk to his Priest about this and try to reconcile with his faith. It's a big thing for a [NAME] to leave.","neutral"
"You are uninformed. Its not just because of the wall.","confusion"
"To calm him down I suppose.","neutral"
"I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.","love"
""You people"? I think [NAME] is a moron but I think the [NAME] hysteria is equally if not more so moronic.","annoyance"
"Can you link the apologies? Or do they not actually exist?","curiosity"
"That's why it would be amazing if [NAME] or [NAME] pull a Helsinki 2.0 and release a bombshell right before the president's speech tonight.","amusement"
"It depends on if she can download discord and I was planning on emailing her when she gets it","neutral"
"[NAME]? Never heard that word before haha. Well her parents seem very easy going and happy people but lets see when i actually meet them.","neutral"
"Am I wrong? So many people from NY say it's really gone downhill. Doesn't mean I don't like public transportation","annoyance"
"[NAME] being in foul trouble really ruins things for us","neutral"
"No one comes here it’s cool","admiration"
"You are taking him out of context!!!","neutral"
"Man, I can’t believe we traded all that and didn’t even get a top 10 guy","neutral"
"[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.","desire"
"That's not how it works","neutral"
"Shut up, Mag!","anger"
"How many attempts did that insane tech take to pull off?","curiosity"
"Weezer and squeeze her?","curiosity"
"I'm sorry to hear, come see me when you die.","remorse"
"All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!","approval"
"We are so predictable at the moment that [NAME] doesn't even have to spy on us.","neutral"
"This, like it varies and fluctuates","love"
"Sorry, girl. You deserve better.","realization"
"This video was uploaded in October 2013, over five years ago now. This just feels like an unnecessarily inflammatory post for karma to me.","disappointment"
"Just be a criminal if that's what they want. People should always be careful what they wish for.","caring"
"Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.","sadness"
"My 2 best girls in the series combined into one and [NAME] with [NAME] colors is so beautiful :)","admiration"
"Did you guys personally pay someone for the banner? Because that's incredible.","gratitude"
"Right now I live in a medium sized one but I have lived in a big city for a couple of years.","neutral"
"Where is his father? He can take his kid to the nearest vaccination center","caring"
"Don't worry, you'll get to keep your same plan. It'll just double in price.","relief"
"The only difference between [RELIGION] and [RELIGION] in this regard is that on average [RELIGION] are poorer and browner","neutral"
"Just as delusional as [NAME] was. The difference though is [NAME] seems to be putting on an act, tj is just that salty.","neutral"
"Wow she still hasn't helped even though you recognize it?","surprise"
"Nobody does that!","neutral"
"You're a turd","neutral"
"You finally made a monkey out of me","joy"
"That bit and the "man eating chicken" bit are two of my favourite things in that movie.","love"
"I didn’t know I could roll my eyes this far into my head","amusement"
"Lmao this is excessive","neutral"
"[NAME] from HR is drinking again guys..","neutral"
"Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.","excitement"
"Haha love it!","approval"
"That's awesome! Congrats on all the positive changes!!","admiration"
"Wouldn't it be great if [NAME] went down with charges?","curiosity"
"Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly","approval"
"Yes ='(, what a shame, [NAME]","neutral"
"SJW's I've encountered were far more trivial and spiteful in general.","anger"
"The constant pressure definitely isn't helping. I'm already on anti-depressants, but I am terrified of PPD.","fear"
"Solid r/ThisIsMyLifeNow material. I love it. They’re such gorgeous dogs!","admiration"
"But I love solids","love"
"Happy cake day","excitement"
"I believe my wife will laugh at this, i'm gonna try it tonight!","approval"
"The comments under that video are disturbing. People actually see this as a sign of the end of times.","annoyance"
"That’s a fair point. Pretend to be a foreigner than? Haha I don’t know. I wish you luck my friend!","admiration"
"[NAME] is Asian. She is also white. She has talked before about how she does not like people to erase either half of her.","neutral"
"Im glad youre going to be a perfect parent who never makes any mistakes. Make sure you write a book!","approval"
"Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.","anger"
"F yeah!","neutral"
"I'm curious - are you under the age of 30?","curiosity"
"Please tell me she has a partner named [NAME]","neutral"
">Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok","approval"
"Alice In Chains and Metallica are still releasing quality music!","neutral"
"Yeah I think it's up near beaches or something, I don't really go up that area ","neutral"
"I’m ready to see yet another person fall tonight.","neutral"
"Baby cake!","excitement"
"To be clear meaty means use later active frames of any move Oki: what posibilities are favorable to me frame wise after an attack","neutral"
"Why stop there","neutral"
"I'm torn. I watched it twice, but only twice. Also, I didn't check the sub until I saw the comments. ","neutral"
"Yup, I rather take those small shots get messed up than drinking a diarrhea drink. ","neutral"
"I give 90 percent odds that [NAME] will be reelected. And I think it will be at a much higher margin than 2016.","curiosity"
"Whatever you say, mate. Good luck trying to tell kids not to love their parents.","approval"
"This offseason has been so upsetting","neutral"
"LOL at the tldr. What a crazy story. I'm glad the writer got some friendly new relatives out of it.","joy"
"So you're proudly ignorant. Cool bruh","approval"
"[NAME] aside, humans arent on the menu, no matter how retarded they may be, no matter if they're sleeping/unconscious.","neutral"
"My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...","confusion"
"Not claming [NAME] would make [NAME] look more stupid lol. If someone claimed [NAME] we'd be over the moon about getting that contract off our team for next year.","amusement"
"it’s not something you get over, but it’s something you get through ","neutral"
"Hopefully he gets better and comes back so they can give him a proper roast. :) really heartening to see people come together like that.","neutral"
"What a thoughtful and clever response. I've never seen anyone point out that someone posts in TD before. Very cool!","admiration"
"This movie was awesome, what’s wrong with you? I’m sure the next one is gonna be totally rad.","joy"
"The powers that be don't like it when you try to educate the [NAME], but that's to be expected.","neutral"
"Sometimes I get jealous of [NAME].","disgust"
"He must hate that gym as much as everyone else does.","neutral"
"I agree with this","approval"
">I don't care either way. Good. Then stop making asinine comments on the matter.","annoyance"
"My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:","joy"
"There's no room in this movement for your bigotry.","neutral"
"You may have to a coding bootcamp. Bad news is its not in your house, good news is I hear they actually work","neutral"
"Justice was served","approval"
"Short and sweet I like it.","love"
"ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU","confusion"
"Thanking people isn't manly.","disapproval"
"I would not bother. He read your message and did not reply yet. So that's already a bad sign and not a good start.","annoyance"
"Your posts cause cancer.","anger"
""five minutes of fame"... [NAME] lmao. Ok, whatever u say kid.","neutral"
"This. Fans complain that she's boring but I'm actually glad she's careful about what she allows to be filmed.","gratitude"
"Just be respectful.","caring"
"Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say "respect me" in any way.","disapproval"
"Muzzle control.","neutral"
"I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization "gluttonophobia".","love"
"That’s good","admiration"
"Well ain't that ridiculous.","neutral"
"Sorry then. My bad. Let's hope there is no full scale war any time soon btw.","remorse"
"I think they'd do ok (Sorry but as an INTJ a lack of my thoughts here is also bothering me, too)","remorse"
"Damn straight.","neutral"
"Sorry for your loss yesterday. Your team is poised to do even better in the years to come and hopefully they will.","gratitude"
"Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.","approval"
"Does this mean there's no police on the streets or do they have to work with no pay? (I'm not from the US)","curiosity"
"shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap","caring"
"Because the hierarchy is afraid they’ll get burned.","fear"
"Both but which one being the most used isn't really important.","neutral"
"Binge drinking is a big problem in VN right now, unfortunately. So I wouldn't be surprised if drunkenness was the main cause of this. ","approval"
"Whether it was an actual bite or not, Subban is getting on my nerves this game","confusion"
"Oh tell me about it. I'm INTJ","excitement"
"Oh please lol","amusement"
"I think we're passed the point where he'll ever have a full health season again","realization"
"Also his weird spiked haircut. I wanted spiked hair when I was like 6. I also wanted a mohawk. I'm not 6 anymore.","embarrassment"
"It's all hypocrisy and projection. The people smearing him work for [NAME] and [NAME].","disgust"
"Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.","annoyance"
"Couldn't tell you. Unless i check the news i hardly notice the shutdown","disgust"
"Because shes fake and selfish, I get a really fake vibe off her like shes playing a role and has no feelings","anger"
"Not to mention that the automation is meaningless if the economy that supports it has collapsed due to rampant poverty and unemployment.","disappointment"
"I’m slowly starting to get excited about what we will do with the draft pick(s?) they will most likely get in a trade","approval"
"I was actually thinking about that during tonight's episode. I don't think the show would last long without [NAME] though.","annoyance"
"[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3","annoyance"
"Wow! You are lucky to have survived!","realization"
"You two are the real heroes","neutral"
"I'm surprised [NAME] let her post that.","surprise"
"Sometimes for a laugh, I will come to r/Canada to read comments of the ignorant.","admiration"
"Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too","neutral"
"I really enjoy “good life project” podcast by [NAME]","amusement"
"Bench coming in strong. Let's go trey!","admiration"
"Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).","love"
"[NAME] weapon is gambol shroud but I nearly forgot about the gunchucks they are pretty rad too","neutral"
"This sounds an awful lot like khorne......","neutral"
"yeahhh fellow new shift here too * high five *. Congrats!","excitement"
"You mean for a team right? MCW didn’t break any individual shooting records.","neutral"
"That was a great episode","admiration"
"Funk Night @ Marble Bar is Friday, 1/25. Always a good time and only $5 to get in.","admiration"
"[They've been abusing MPs there-- Facebook took down their","neutral"
"I enjoyed the new format but I will say it was strange without the band","joy"
"I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.","relief"
"What a douche. Yeah I try to order within my country to keep away from customs","annoyance"
"Hostile ? I disagree.","annoyance"
"Happy New Year","excitement"
"The scooters are fine. It's the people that are the problem.","relief"
"Wow those girls in the corner "twerking" were the best (worst?) part. ","confusion"
"Gotcha, thanks. Sounds like it's just my ignorance of the game.","gratitude"
"The great ancap argument lol","amusement"
"Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)","caring"
"I may have awful taste, i would want this cake","joy"
"this season has already become my favorite over '12-'13 (yes I know '08-'09 was better but I enjoyed watching the '13 team more)","admiration"
"Yesterday. All my troubles seemed so faaar away. Now it looks though that they're here to stay. Oh I believe, in yesterday. ","neutral"
"I'd be extremely motivated to take any form of martial arts lessons if they didn't cost $100 per month around where I live","neutral"
"Same. It's my favorite show to watch in the morning. The whole crew is so likeable.","love"
"Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you","neutral"
"Confronting people with footage from slaughter houses is a horrible thing to do in my opinion.","approval"
"She’s actually crazy","amusement"
"Back in my day an epic gamer moment was yelling out the n word at women and minorities","neutral"
"I'm not sure I'm following what your point is.","neutral"
"Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.","disapproval"
"REAL MEN ONLY CRY OVER GILLETTE","anger"
"I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here","disapproval"
"Didn't he say [NAME] should cave and give [NAME] his wall money?","neutral"
"Lovely experience on the trains this morning lool getting me practiced for being in a coffin","neutral"
"Thanks for the [NAME] quote.","gratitude"
"Defense takes more time to implement i think","confusion"
"Tucking your jeans into your sock makes you look like a goober...","annoyance"
"The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.","love"
"Of course! You deserve the recognition and exposure. Your work is extremely comforting !","admiration"
"I'm in the hospital right now. Should be getting released later today","neutral"
"But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.","neutral"
"I agree. That is a fight better left for later.","approval"
"Will do, thanks","approval"
"There Probly doing this because we’re for sure gonna tank next year as well","neutral"
"It's free hand but thanks for the input 👍","approval"
"I got undifferentiated androgynous, just slightly more femme than masc, which, honestly, sounds about right as an AFAB nonbinary person tbh","joy"
"Girls are different. That's a basic fact. I would never crack the same type of jokes I do with my guy friends with a girl.","approval"
"He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.","fear"
"I were wondering what's the deal with the second pic .Nice find .","admiration"
"No. Can’t get off to my own sex.","disapproval"
"It probably won’t affect it at all other than you might have more energy.","disapproval"
"ah! you´re welcome! :)","excitement"
"Your welcome.","gratitude"
"And now Episode 9 will be a hip meta-homage to Weekend at Bernie's where they try to pass off the franchise as being alive.","neutral"
"Damn, why y'all posting the match threads this early.","disappointment"
"I thought it was like a fake url sorry","remorse"
"I think they might be! I'll let her know - thank you :)","curiosity"
"I mean [NAME] rookie of the year thing. Lol am dumbass Just a misunderstanding.","amusement"
"Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.","caring"
"Really? I could've sworn I've seen people disabling comments on certain posts before..","annoyance"
"Love it or hate it. That kid is a hero","admiration"
"No. I wishm Why did I stop? Kids work and money. Not a minute to myself","confusion"
"Just got home from school. How are we doing","neutral"
"Can a mediocre bot invent Facebook?","confusion"
"Ah, the original turd burger.","surprise"
"I had a 2 litre bottle. It went flat before I opened it, nearly wept.","neutral"
"Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.","annoyance"
"Ooft! Brave attempt to spin the tories losing in Scotland again.","neutral"
"That’s is 100% the noise. Perfect!","neutral"
"You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .","disappointment"
"The weirdest part is the underwear. My mom wouldn’t even let me and my sister share underwear. Something something hygiene.","annoyance"
"It's called "Duper's delight". You see it frequently in sociopaths like serial killers, or politicians, or both, like [NAME].","neutral"
"[NAME]? Is that you?","confusion"
"You shifty leafs were too nice. Something had to be up.","gratitude"
"That number seems a bit low to me","disappointment"
"What a nice [NAME] sentiment!","admiration"
"And what about selling your precious mind creation to someone that doesn't deserve it?","confusion"
"[NAME] is so good at drafting too, but he just struggles as a head coach. I’d be ok with this ","admiration"
"[NAME] can get the web action, ja feel?","neutral"
"Thank you. I’m sorry that happened to you.","gratitude"
"Damn, sounds like I missed a few things, I might need to rewatch the first season!","disapproval"
"oh i knew that","neutral"
"I worked at a hospital in northern NJ and float pool was only $4 extra","neutral"
"Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!","desire"
"Yeah he stacked up some snow which is why he was laughing when the ref went to the bench","neutral"
"Thanks for this!","gratitude"
"In Rainbow is super amazing album as well.","admiration"
"I was born in 1980 so the 90s were my teen decade. I loved it. Best decade ever","love"
"I like this one, it's not a "when you" meme.","love"
"most issues with nervousness and anxiety can be eliminated by eliminating the bad habits that are causing them to begin with, instead of 'just exercising/meditating' more","neutral"
"Well it wasn’t opinion they didn’t like it was fact right?","confusion"
"Omg ur like soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo quirky!","surprise"
"I don’t even go through a period and I’m still crippled by random cramps","neutral"
"Thank you TC for getting us to 100!","gratitude"
"I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.","disgust"
"I would do that, but I put them all on 0 hour contracts and less than minimum wage and I don’t want to pay them. ","disapproval"
"Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.","love"
"I suspect wilful idiocy to sell books and merchandise to the even more idiotic.","anger"
"I don't think abortion is murder, but it's factually way less easy to disprove than the earth being flat.","neutral"
"I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!","optimism"
"If that's what you call ugly, I'm basically a hangover vomit that someone stepped on lmao.","amusement"
"Considering that was an already exploding market this is kind of a big deal I guess.","confusion"
"The poor dude.....pray for him.","caring"
"after months on months of making gameoverse, he’s had no time. it’s getting the best of him now... pray for him","admiration"
"IIRC Tool doesn’t like their stuff on Spotify because they don’t like their business practices regarding royalties and such.","neutral"
"I know they finally gave Return of the King best Pic but my favorite out of the three was Two Towers. They are all great though.","neutral"
"Boo for them, we're all yarn fans!","neutral"
"Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.","neutral"
"Always have a Stockholm syndrome induced craving for HSE standard jelly and ice cream anytime I think of hospitals here","neutral"
"Well keep planting more!!!","admiration"
"I’m gonna love it if that happens to me","joy"
"I'm sad I had to come this far down to find this.","disappointment"
"No I know they're on xbox. I just added that last part as a poor attempt to be funny.","joy"
"That's the magic of drugs, my friend","neutral"
"Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.","love"
"Wow nice way to live in an echo chamber.","admiration"
"If we can trade down with the jags, send a 5, get their 1, jalen and draft an edge I’ll fuck. ","neutral"
"I watched the CWC from the stadium and boy is he amazing.","admiration"
"Doubt that, too good to be true","confusion"
"Must be why I'm alive. That sucks.","sadness"
"Amazing shitpost.","anger"
"Dude don’t even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if you’re into her at all lol","annoyance"
"No haha but this is our first day on Reddit!","amusement"
"And here we see the incel in his natural habitat: an imaginary dream world catered to his vision.","neutral"
"Sometimes though, I wish I could be sad for a whole week; that would be a blessing. ","optimism"
"Oh wow I genuinely thought this was funny can’t believe you copped it so hard","surprise"
"That's brutal. Hope they win to make it worth your while.","anger"
"5 months until parole","realization"
"I saved it on my memories/highlights","love"
"Exactly right! It would help if my fingers could type properly lol. Burr smh!","amusement"
"I shouldn't be giggle-snorting to this, but internally I am.","realization"
"In the right photo, he looks like my friend's husband.","realization"
"If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.","love"
"My boy will be thrilled to try this on our treadmill... once I remove all of the clothes hanging from it! 😂","amusement"
"Nimmo? Never heard of the guy. Never seen that infectious smile and everyday hustle before. Of course the Mets know what they have.","confusion"
"You’re using the failing of someone else as an excuse to make the same mistake yourself","neutral"
"Don’t be a class traitor","anger"
"Shadowbanning me isn’t good policy either","confusion"
"I didn't know of [NAME] before I saw that episode. I fucking love that man and have watched an unhealthy amount of him since.","disappointment"
"That was the most boring movie I’ve ever seen","disappointment"
"Nobody expects you to finish the 10 string.","neutral"
"Shouldn't it be NAA?","curiosity"
"Nimmo? Never heard of the guy. Never seen that infectious smile and everyday hustle before. Of course the Mets know what they have.","confusion"
"Oh you got me. Good one.","admiration"
"Doesn’t offend me, I just don’t like looking at it. ","disapproval"
"Never happened to me. Seems it would feel weird.","disappointment"
"Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!","approval"
"Insurance covers stupid.","annoyance"
"I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread. ","desire"
"So you could say that this is one of very few subreddits that manages to somewhat avoid political spins and that the original commentor is a worthless shill","annoyance"
"This looks sick","neutral"
"i said first world :)","neutral"
"I teased him about being an off center unicorn lol","amusement"
"not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper. ","disapproval"
"I have and i’ve also shot some ak’s they’re not too bad but i still prefer handguns despite the kick.","neutral"
"Nah hes just setting an image.. Hes backed by ps to play this tourny...","neutral"
"Something's wrong. The top post on r/conspiracy isn't completely anti-conspiracy? Wow, feels weird. /s(?)","confusion"
"That’s what the pelicans would ask for. If you were in their shoes, what would u ask for?","neutral"
"That's true. People feel they can't trust anything so they just chose to believe what they want to believe.","realization"
"Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.","admiration"
"That's probably percisely what they did... They couldn't get into the server still. I'm sure they have specific rules about delaying and pausing.","neutral"
"Murder is wrong by the very definition of the word.","neutral"
"Looks to sweet, you should eat more greens.... 👇😎👇","love"
"Holy panel gaps, [NAME]!","neutral"
"Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed. ","approval"
"Ah good call - I dont plan to take submissions for that reason","relief"
"You Dirty F*king Heathen.","anger"
"Thank you 🙂","gratitude"
"Oh well... I'll like both of you.","excitement"
"I think what's more gross is you taking a picture mid stream....","disappointment"
"RemindMe! 1 day","neutral"
"The problem is trying to find that middle ground, where there is just enough to prevent anarchy while still allowing people to pursue their desires.","desire"
"W'all miss Ramadan bro. Maybe you can fast on Monday and Thursday as sunnah.","neutral"
"Damn she might have actually had a stroke if she started panicking","fear"
"Thank you Burger King! Source","gratitude"
"Made me cry and my one year old golden who was laying near my feet ended up coming up and snuggling me.","neutral"
"Thus confirming that trump supporters dont actually know how the US Gov works.","approval"
"Ok mister [NAME] triggered boy","approval"
"So kinda like an assistant? Interesting","curiosity"
"I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.","optimism"
"Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.","confusion"
"oh cool! Must be tiring for [NAME] though. Looking forward to watching them!","admiration"
"Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.","embarrassment"
"Sadly, yes. You'll only be able to craft weapons with fixed Attachements.","optimism"
"Now her child will walk around smelling like onion","neutral"
"This would just be to make it on/off, [why make it look even more amazing.","neutral"
"Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.","remorse"
"My parents always checked on us to make sure we were breathing, they always panicked if they didn’t hear us making sounds.","neutral"
"Those guys are TOUGH. glad to see Blackwater back in business to keep the peace over there","admiration"
"Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.","realization"
"If you're making a point I'm missing it","neutral"
"i’ve heard its convenient if its a particularly messy job","neutral"
"And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?","amusement"
"“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”","disappointment"
"Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall ","joy"
"Anybody else feel super weird when you see your dad get hurt? It’s a weird thing to see","curiosity"
"Grew up in an early 90's house with door handles, no knobs. My parents just switched to knobs after 25 years.","approval"
"Feels good man","admiration"
"I don't disagree, but if he's open he's gonna shoot","disapproval"
"Decent idea [NAME] have an analog shot to see what to do...","neutral"
"I mean, if I make it look like an accident, just think of all the ribs I can buy with the insurance money... ","approval"
"Looks like wood. Could be wrong.","realization"
"Shivering Isles is what DLC should be. Fantastic expansions of content that dont cost quite as much as expansion packs did.","admiration"
"Who the heck cant","neutral"
"Except [NAME] had his brains blown out by a .50 cal bullet at point blank range.","neutral"
"[NAME] looks so defeated every time [NAME] posts him up","neutral"
"You'll find a lot of those posts in most Tulsi threads","neutral"
"None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress","admiration"
"Not in CA.","neutral"
"IL is working double OT now to catch up to all that retardedness. They want ammo serialized ffs.","curiosity"
"We don't have any options. Having said that I think [NAME] should have started.","neutral"
"Like, they get it ALL straight in their face anyway. Esp if walking ","neutral"
"My favorite kind of chilled delectable from Georgia. Sort of like candy apples, but crunchier. ","joy"
"Have a good good upvote!","neutral"
"It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.","approval"
"oh thats nasty!","annoyance"
"Personally, I would be able to look past it since you weren’t the one married. ","neutral"
"May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.","caring"
"the dude wanted to watch the talking car show. geez. haha jk. thats freaking creepy","neutral"
"Yeah they look very buff","admiration"
"i just want emotional connection, im not missing out on anything as far as not having sex for sex's sake is concerned ","annoyance"
"Prepare for it and become happy with yourself but also accept its impermanence.","approval"
"I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. 🤣","relief"
"Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game. ","realization"
"Yeah if you fall into a tree hole there’s almost no chance of getting yourself out.","nervousness"
"Stop the algorithm 😂😂 Like she’s living in the matrix or something!","confusion"
"Actually looks really fucking fun. Where can I do this?","amusement"
"People still do? I thought everyone realized how overpaid he is","confusion"
"Happy Cake Day Baby!!!❤️❤️❤️","joy"
"I was worried about that too honestly","disapproval"
"I remember when reddit's default subs suddenly turned from [NAME] to [NAME] in a day.","realization"
"I forgot not everyone has accused me of","realization"
"It looks like those "true facts" memes are coming back, too. SHUT IT DOWN, OTTO.","anger"
"Heart races everytime I get a match. Oddly enough I don't feel that at all playing offline with my friends.","neutral"
"Surely you've read this sub's rules. Come on, man.","approval"
"Yeah, but if they don't get the point, they go and try somewhere else... like say unpopular opinion maybe","neutral"
"You mean "first name" "middle name" was not clear enough?","neutral"
"So sorry, for your loss.","remorse"
"Don't care. Have fun. Got better things to do.","caring"
"The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. “Toxic masculinity” is a squishy theoretical concept.","anger"
"I wish there was a bridge there, because then that would have been worth it. This river is the biggest pain in my zone!","desire"
"Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.","gratitude"
"not giving a s* about what others say ;)","neutral"
"Same here. I kept listening to the damn puns.","approval"
"Nah, they always were a government's tool to enslave us","neutral"
"Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)","approval"
"Dang. Wash that thing out with some soap.","disappointment"
"What is this fucking r/niceguys bullshit?","annoyance"
"Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.","desire"
""I love ya, Mom". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week.","annoyance"
"[NAME] I loved [NAME].","love"
"You know what I meant you bastard. 😛","annoyance"
"Is there a customer service number? If so, what is it?","confusion"
"Is Arges the Bright one available? I see his spawn location is in game now","approval"
"For some reason I'm reminded of this","realization"
"There is no way around it :(","sadness"
"Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out","fear"
"I'm curious how he does in the counties you mentioned. The primary might end up being super close, but you know more than I do.","curiosity"
"I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess","amusement"
"You can humanize and normalize everything.","approval"
"They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better","sadness"
"Could they not have been quarantined when diagnosed at the airport? (Genuine question, I have no idea about this shit)","realization"
"Sometimes though, the developer's vision is close to perfect, something that other games don't offer. ","approval"
"She's so cute! Give her all the huggles","love"
"“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.","realization"
"You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.","annoyance"
"I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip","disapproval"
"You're only making him hornier.","neutral"
"I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents","excitement"
"Your post : 39 minutes ago THE POST THATS LITERALLY UNDER YOU WITH THE SAME MEME : 40 MINUTES AGO","neutral"
"This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.","anger"
"Sorry this shit is happening to you. Thanks for capturing the first [NAME] in WWII. Go Coast Guard.","gratitude"
"You might enjoy this","neutral"
"You’re a gorgeous bride! :D I love the looks you chose","admiration"
"Sorry but this looks like from a Tumblr fetish fanfiction site. I don't think it belongs here.","remorse"
"It inhales you ignorant octorok","disapproval"
"Great point.","admiration"
"Bullock and Warner are the only two dems (without an F rating from the NRA) that I could see running.","neutral"
"oos? im new lmao my rep is only 32","neutral"
"Signatures are no longer required for transactions in the US as of April last year, so I guess this no longer applies really. ","approval"
"Ah that's my school but I have yet to see this one, gotta keep swippin ","joy"
"Will do. Have a good night man.","neutral"
"made my first reddit account to downvote this. thanks?","gratitude"
"Jersey Shore: Dubai Edition","neutral"
"So you're proudly ignorant. Cool bruh","admiration"
"FYI… the [NAME] has these in their kitchen in “ That 70s Show.”","neutral"
"I know, right? I mean I liked Le Tigre, but this is just damn embarassing.","embarrassment"
"weirdly enough drug addicts are still human beings, shocking I know ","realization"
"Stuff of nightmares imo","neutral"
"Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department","amusement"
"Back to the Future for the win! We need to send [NAME] back again... his work isn't over.","desire"
"Looks like something you would see in a comedy movie.","amusement"
"Kindly shut your pie hole.","anger"
"Kinda looks like Ballymun too. Or some council flats from a London ghetto.","optimism"
"I love this contract structure especially since [NAME] is only 31.","admiration"
"Welp....I think your question came across as judgmental. Why did you ask it?","curiosity"
"Thank you, I know my OHIP Is up to date as I have my health card in my wallet and I updated it myself when we moved ","approval"
"I can only assume the island is called the Spanish word for purgatory.","neutral"
"I'd like to apologize on behalf of all Azwel mains.","desire"
"To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it","fear"
"That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”","neutral"
"you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)","admiration"
"Come on, I want to know how it goes.","curiosity"
"I need therapy but I’m too scared to go to therapy.","neutral"
"I'd rather just make the playoffs and worry about winning a series once we are there. Also, I like our chances against anyone except Tampa.","fear"
"That glass woulda broken the truck ha","curiosity"
"So long as it's for the worse I'm all for the wait!","annoyance"
"It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe ","caring"
"He has never had success","disappointment"
"Robinhood & LibertyX receive licenses from New York","neutral"
"I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest. ","disappointment"
"People don't have installation and maintenance costs and when they break down you can go outside and find another one really quick.","neutral"
"I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.","desire"
"What the frick. I ordered a x box card","anger"
"I knew this was a Shitpost before I clicked it. Is this an INTJ thing btw?","confusion"
"not writing some stats today [NAME]? just curious xD","curiosity"
"If [NAME] gave me pizza I'd still be annoyed but I'd eat it.","neutral"
"2 losses to 1 loss, hmmmm seems we should be above them ","neutral"
"Politics are boring. Vote for everyone. -[NAME]","approval"
"Which one is your favorite?","curiosity"
"I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.","love"
"Sodaman going sicko mode","annoyance"
"When I die Im gonna ask satan for a job in hell whipping all these cunts","desire"
"Pretty fuking sure exit scam..","anger"
"Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.","gratitude"
"Ah yes, my apologies!","sadness"
"Oh look, it's alive. Who here secretly fed it?","neutral"
"Anything >0 is way too common.","neutral"
"Looks like Plastique stans will be our cringey stans of the season.","neutral"
"Most police departments have something similar, and it's the name.of the big LEO sub.","neutral"
"That’s the nicest thing ever said to me. Thank you!","gratitude"
"No but it should be","neutral"
"Yeah, so many accidents occur because people don’t know what to do in the event of loss of tire grip.","nervousness"
"[NAME] is a fucking retard whenever he tries to pass forward","neutral"
"Hi, don’t feel alone. Im here to talk if ya want if not thats cool too. Remember to try to be optimistic!","disappointment"
"My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here","love"
"She has a point. The water from the runoff channel behind my house tastes way worse than the water from my sink.","neutral"
"An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.","approval"
"Only a sith deals in absolutes.Fuck that guy.","anger"
"Oh your boyfriend [NAME] is heavy also. Must be a sturdy bed","curiosity"
"It’s all good man, I missed [NAME] too. I REALLY hope we get another dream sequence with him in EP4. ","joy"
"Options: 1. Hoax / joke 2. Crackpot 3. Wellmeaning but utterly naive fool 4. Something more sinister I’m currently somewhere between 2 and 3.","neutral"
"Your teacher was pretty cool for calling you snoopydog","admiration"
"I like your style B)","admiration"
"So you are saying they are doing exactly what they are supposed to do with the money and hire people to work on it.","neutral"
"Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option","neutral"
"That's really interesting.","amusement"
"I thought it was that one! I recognize the shadow of the new highway arch and the forever construction signs.","realization"
"FBI OPEN UP!!!!","anger"
"You're fine! Go ahead and vent, that's sorta what this subreddit's for. I'm the same way, don't worry.","approval"
"Say you ate something or say things they cannot measure.","neutral"
"You're welcome! Anything else on your mind? Best to air it out","gratitude"
"Stocks have less market friction...there is also more chaos due to the amount of individuals vying to make money there, compared to here.","confusion"
"I hope your relationships are no longer abusive either physically or emotionally.","gratitude"
"Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today","disapproval"
"Ok, but ignoring negative shit is literally how populists like [NAME] and [NAME] got elected. Its dangerous.","disappointment"
"I reallllly loved the show. It disturbed me a lot, definitely. But I want more now.","admiration"
"Uh...no","neutral"
"So you want [NAME] & [NAME] to be like [NAME]? That would be so nice.","gratitude"
"We sincerely hope not.","optimism"
"Tried to think who else could compete for that honor and didn't come up with many: - [NAME] - [NAME] - [NAME] Anyone else?","disappointment"
"The second half of the game was a big disappointment for me. I really wish they kept the family around for much longer.","disappointment"
"So? Keep doing it anyway. Who don't worry about the downvotes.","admiration"
"Your right i will talk to him tonight","approval"
"She is probably cheating on you. :(","optimism"
"You are neither.","neutral"
"Not pretty right now","sadness"
"It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense","annoyance"
"PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-","remorse"
"Vaccines turk err jerbs!","neutral"
"Its that classic rare games bring everyone together","admiration"
"Any man who risks having unprotected intercourse with random women likely doesn't have being a father on his mind.","disgust"
"I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”","approval"
"Besides, you have no clue which ones I have and haven't done. ","curiosity"
"Oh hey, it is!","excitement"
"This junk is entertainment to most of you, but I just can't take anymore.","joy"
"Threatening to drive your sisters into the ocean is illegal. It's called making a terroristic threat or menacing and can cause her to lose access to your sisters","disgust"
"Me cheering for the Wild this year","approval"
"yeah certainly shouldn't feel this way but i do now :/","remorse"
"Thank you for your open mind. Stay strong, fight the good fight, and stay educated.","caring"
"That's no hero to me.","neutral"
"Another pathetic PP.","neutral"
"If they killed off women they’d start finding reasons to kill eachother off soon enough too.","neutral"
"Yes...it would be weird, but at the same time there are immigrant families without citizenship or working toward getting citizenship.","disgust"
"Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic","disgust"
"So is being overweight","neutral"
"Sushi is Japanese","approval"
"And if you ever make a fat cop joke on reddit then you're the worst criminal of all!","annoyance"
"[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird","disgust"
"ah ok gotcha. glad you guys looked even better when [NAME] left! always cool to see","joy"
"The Babylon Bee article makes me worry for [NAME] comic tastes.","amusement"
""The first step, is to put on a set of vicious stilleto claws. This doesn't make things any easier, but it does build character"","neutral"
"Anytime I've taken benzo beforecoke, it completely negates any coke feeling","annoyance"
"I remember being a kid, 5-9 years old range, and constantly being subjected to this line when my mother ran errands. This is so dead on. ","neutral"
"yes it does.","approval"
"Yup! Was a great shoot, can't wait for the video to debut so people can enjoy all the hard work. ","admiration"
"Hey, [NAME]. You still with the mafia?","confusion"
"Yeah, at least carry a ziploc bag of dead cockroaches with you for this purpose, like a self respecting meal scamming scumbag. ","amusement"
"That one is much better.. you win :(","approval"
"Interesting user name :).","admiration"
"It's definitely not that simple mate! It would be nice if it were. Where's the part about inflating your way out of trouble for example?","curiosity"
"This. Nothing would make me happier than the see the gNats hamstrung for the next decade because they gave a ridiculous contract to a hometown hero.","joy"
"You haven't responded as to how its not just a parallel analogy, all said was he did","neutral"
"Especially from the media that literally hates these players.","anger"
"Just another day in the life of a Scottish football fan remembering that Sky Sports are absolutely shocking I suppose.","surprise"
"Shut up and stop trolling. You're not funny","anger"
"Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. ","neutral"
"A lot of people call that this is only one they made her sick","sadness"
"Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(","sadness"
"Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time","anger"
"Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :","admiration"
"I read this to my 17 year old brother and he was kinda pissed off just saying","neutral"
"I'd say British humor isn't for everyone. I think he was on point most of the time.","approval"
"Aw man I thought you liked "Forgoing the Playoffs"","curiosity"
"Habs-Flames has always been my dream final. Right our last wrong.","desire"
"i think it is characteristic for la liga, in germany that would be atleast +3","realization"
"Immigrants are superior -workers (leo) -taxpayers (leo) -culturally (the abbey)","neutral"
"What exactly was exposed? Are you just saying things to feel like you’ve achieved something?","annoyance"
"what app is this? i see the layout every now and then i’m just curious","curiosity"
"That face in 0:18. That's the face of happiness","joy"
"EWWW yes. This makes me shudder. All wet and gross.","fear"
"You're FUCKING JOKING","neutral"
"Followup comment that not-so-subtly requests gold by feigning ignorance or pandering to the pathos of uninspired premium redditors.","annoyance"
"I'm so tired I read anti neurons as anti lemons for some reason","sadness"
"Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall. ","approval"
"[NAME] bless America","admiration"
"I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.","remorse"
"glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. ","gratitude"
"Right its not because they look ugly but their personality is ugly. That’s what’s driving everyone away.","neutral"
"Okay, enough me being a great mom.","pride"
"no one cares my guy","neutral"
"Edited because my kneejerk response was kind of unnecessarily harsh. :/","disappointment"
"So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.","admiration"
"Oof... I mean I definitely welcome a dramatic population decrease but I wish we could've done it in a more intentional manner *before* irreparably damaging the environment","approval"
"Needs more jpeg. :)","neutral"
"Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.","disgust"
"Inexperience meant I didn’t know that I could legally refuse service","realization"
"Change politicians' healthcare to that of the average citizen, and this could all be sorted out much faster. ","optimism"
"That's interesting, thank you. I'll mention it to the psych when I see them next.","admiration"
"Thats pretty lewd.","admiration"
"I cringe when I see [NAME] playing while we’re stuck with sensitive old [NAME].","fear"
"Mine was avg!","disapproval"
"Look [NAME], those curly q's on your face make me so hot I can't think straight.","annoyance"
"What have you censored?","curiosity"
"Thought he dislocated his shoulder at first","neutral"
"Being a [NAME] is no different from being a [NAME]. Both have caused genocides. I hate how our society only focuses on one though!","disapproval"
"...and life can be very good when you free yourself from that fear!","neutral"
"The demon's still fighting!!","anger"
"Pretty please!?","neutral"
"Imagine running willingly into a new pair of broken ribs.","annoyance"
"It’s perfect. You’re perfect. Never change.","admiration"
"Yes it is. But from what I've read it sounds like it was after the testimony and not one of the charges against him.","approval"
"His sister likes his Cox","love"
"You sound fun at parties","joy"
"Wow, I drive full time Uber and I thought there was something wrong with my eyes in the rain. Do other people struggle to see the Lines?","admiration"
"Every other week we hear about a different #1 ranked restaurant in the world. How many #1 ranked restaurants in the world are there?","confusion"
"If they don't mention their children within 5 minutes of conversing with them.","neutral"
"Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying. ","annoyance"
"Ha ha ha. That was a good one","approval"
"I put that in case any mancs got annoyed, you know what they're like when they get mad ","neutral"
"I like [NAME], not so much","neutral"
"That sounds awful )-: I'm so grateful that my parents and therapist want to let me figure this out with minimal "supervision"","annoyance"
"I mean, you can't be any more in the friends zone if you have a matching neck tattoo with the chick.","neutral"
"Even though [NAME] has had so many drawbacks and made some mistakes, let's make one thing clear: it's NOT a time to trade him.","realization"
"The whole point of being an introvert is *going alone*","sadness"
"Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.","gratitude"
"I highly doubt that the ChiSox offered him anything more than $210m. Either way it’s inexcusable for the yanks not to match","confusion"
"Was that before or after the Sulphuric Sphincter show?","confusion"
"No, this was pretty expected","disapproval"
"I’m only allowed to see counselor once every 2 weeks, so that sucks. Thanks! Best of luck to you too","annoyance"
"The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.","approval"
"I will take it... for free of course /s","approval"
"Queen coming for that 2nd week!","excitement"
"Serve eviction notice, get some press, that’ll really get things moving","approval"
"The ridiculous hypocrisy of the far left has nothing to do with your link.","neutral"
"To 1?","neutral"
"It's common knowledge that offering to feed yourselves to wolves makes them leave you alone out of boredom.","neutral"
"Thanks! But I was only offered one batch today, it was reallly slow.","gratitude"
"My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous","neutral"
"its not even illegal for like siblings and parents/children to have sex as long as they are adults and consenting when the relationship begins.","disgust"
"Most of the people on here don't really understand basketball. They are usually the people saying we should fire [NAME]","neutral"
"She may want you and your boyfriend out, so her daughter can take the bedroom. A family meeting might force her to be honest.","neutral"
"Actually, fascism is considered a far-right ideology. Most tenets of fascism are incompatible with Marxist ideology, just fyi.","neutral"
"Tbh the floor is probably more comfortable than the seats. Doesn't make it safe though.","nervousness"
"It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)","joy"
"*"Wow"*","admiration"
"Helpful tip: it's difficult to sleep when you're in extreme pain. So find a hammer or something","neutral"
"It's murder and the kid can die I don't care but call it what it is and let parents know their kids whenever they want","annoyance"
"year they are probably deeply in love","neutral"
"That's literally how all fighting games are.","surprise"
"Become a [NAME]. Here's your first step if you want to take the path;","caring"
"It was a tweet a while back.","neutral"
"Awesome job!!","pride"
"Then leave, if that is your purpose.","neutral"
"More like [NAME]. ","approval"
"Well that's why I'm reading up on the scientific research available. It's possible that it could mean that","neutral"
"Ohhh. [NAME] is my absolute favorite person ever. She just gets better as the season goes on. Enjoy!","admiration"
"Or embalmed! Green burial is the best burial","admiration"
"I needs that ship skin!","neutral"
"This is where [NAME] loan becomes a bad idea. I know he wouldn't start but now there's no backup RB.","neutral"
"These stories make me glad that I have a job that doesn't require social interaction besides my boss and coworkers.","joy"
"Thought I saw a shot glass in there the first time I watched this.","realization"
"> If you actually believe they are still a threat oh, if only it *were* up to me...","neutral"
"Happy Birthday [NAME]!","excitement"
"Why would [NAME] retire when he still has 5 horcruxes left?","curiosity"
"Lol, it seems like your projecting your own problems on me","amusement"
"It's clear you dont know what you're talking about.","confusion"
"Say what? I don't get the joke - is that the founder of the MLM? Are you talking sexually or financially *railed*?","curiosity"
"Fuck with these giveaways.","annoyance"
"He was jealous of your collection","disapproval"
"I have but she wont listen.","neutral"
"Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.","sadness"
"“My- my god I- it is time for me to bear children.”","neutral"
"A 100years? That's far too long dude. Reminder: ww2 was 73 years ago...","neutral"
"We haven't seen him play since last split. I don't know what growth he could possibly be talking about...","neutral"
"Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me. ","admiration"
"not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper. ","disapproval"
">Some very special moments are coming...","excitement"
"You know damn well it is.","approval"
"I think we should conduct a study and find out, otherwise I don’t know and you don’t either","confusion"
"Yeah I meant it has a cork in it. Sorry for the confusion haha","amusement"
"The left solution is to make them all citizens and to buy their votes with welfare and to never lose an election again as they destroy America.","disapproval"
"Thanks for the gold kind stranger","gratitude"
"You know what? Let's **FUCKING DO IT!!!!**","neutral"
"Women have a right to their own bodies. Your comments are horribly patronizing. They indicate that women intellectually develop slower than men which is sexist.","approval"
"They have disagreed with a bunch of individual calls but not tied it together","neutral"
"Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.","amusement"
"We had a great thread of egg jokes in Slack this afternoon, after the whole "can this egg get more likes than [NAME]?" thing.","neutral"
"someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube","gratitude"
"We don't deserves horses","disapproval"
"Nope. This is shown with [NAME] spider-man having reversed version of the Raimiverse spider-man, a la the upside down kiss having [NAME] on the bottom instead.","neutral"
"Cop: We do have a strict leash law here so you're under arrest.","neutral"
"We are becoming increasingly aware that there is a significant portion of western populations which simply refuse to believe facts as delivered to them by educated professionals.","realization"
"Mr. [NAME], I don't feel so good...","neutral"
"[NAME]: "I'm a better mother and spend more time with [NAME] than most working women spend with kids." Talk about delusional.","neutral"
"Gotta offload this crap somehow.","annoyance"
"Look [NAME] is here "Where the fuck was he an hour ago, gary, where!?"","anger"
"Your shoes are all half a size too big.","neutral"
"I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever","gratitude"
"Primary is what she has to worry about.","caring"
"Shitty cars made of plastic","annoyance"
"Gulags... Brexiteering. The mental condition where delusional and psychotic thinking occur simultaneously.","fear"
"An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.","caring"
"I’d say probably not","neutral"
"My coworker got cheated on by her boyfriend of 8 years and needs a night out so I can't even get out of it sigh.","neutral"
"Why would I do that?","annoyance"
"I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. <3 Thank you.","gratitude"
"What is he doing here without [NAME]?!","curiosity"
"Hourse jousting, fist fights, bear roulette this game has many things to do if you get creative","neutral"
"You nailed it!","neutral"
"It’s supposed to be. But ol [NAME] snuffed a few out that he could have otherwise put clothes on and sent home.","neutral"
"I've seen this multiple times and wonder what happened to her after this.","surprise"
"Because it’s a lot for someone to handle and i haven’t had any outbursts etc that would’ve resulted from that","caring"
"Thank you, I hope you do too. You can always message me if you need to talk.","gratitude"
"Well, yeah, it's a climate target. Climate targets are made for missing.","disappointment"
"😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.","approval"
"I really enjoyed it actually. The world and the monster seemed really cool an original idea.","approval"
"The titles of her posts are somewhat dramatic and I have avoided her because of that","disapproval"
"Baths, especially after the gym. Fresh flowers in the apt. Emotions are pretty cool too.","neutral"
"Or that's just another terrible problem with the template","annoyance"
"*literally every political ideology*","neutral"
"Is that program reciprocal for the University of Minnesota? If so, that's pretty cool.","relief"
"Good thing you did not live near a Guatemalan insane asylum.","approval"
"This is the most reasonable and logical response on here.","neutral"
"You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.","disapproval"
"No just take care of your body!!! Fuck that","caring"
"Don't make me kiss you!","disapproval"
"Palace please don’t fucking bottle this","anger"
"I have all the names..","approval"
"Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age","disgust"
"What the fuck are you talking about","anger"
"this looks like the start of a very ugly porno","neutral"
"The argument [NAME] is making is that expecting women to cook is considered sexist but expecting men to shovel snow is fine. It's about the double standard.","disapproval"
"Thank you, next","gratitude"
"This is my favorite wild memory","joy"
"ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO","admiration"
"I've seen some unfunny comment sections on r/jokes but this one takes the cake.","admiration"
"I figured as much. If I were them I'd definitely be sceptical.","realization"
"Reports of a small fire or a transformer that blew. Nothing that I’ve seen has confirmed either though.","neutral"
"LET'S INVADE THE PLAYER'S INSTAGRAM!","neutral"
"$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm","neutral"
"Lots of vested interests coming up with money as well as type investor donations.","optimism"
"Southern Mexico tends to always get fucked in the ass as well","disgust"
"The fact that kids can't be failed without parental agreement is no sign that they're learning anything or improving when they advance in the education system.","neutral"
"Only had 1 line to worry about and they did all the damage","annoyance"
"I was banned for criticizing the authoritarian mods and now I’m back! Feels good to have the subreddit return to the principles of freedom of expression.","joy"
"Tbf it does look like it clears the net","neutral"
"Good luck! Let ~~me~~us know how it goes!","caring"
"Did [NAME] funnel money to any paramilitaries?","neutral"
"Are you saying he put in the wrong oil?","neutral"
"With a username like SomeMormonAsshooe, maybe it means "convert." So does the neighbor's wife *really* want to become a [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that. ","relief"
"Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities","neutral"
"Absolutely same.","approval"
"Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head","love"
"I'm just concerned about [NAME] health. Do you think an old, ugly, fat, stupid person like him should be eating such unhealthy meals?","anger"
"I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good","joy"
"Go get another phone!","neutral"
"That’s not a very humble opinion at all.","disapproval"
"She has to thank him for his time first, and no throwing! You must be gentle and fold him nicely as you discard him.","caring"
"I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.","amusement"
"Make sure the kids layer up. And make sure you layer up, too.","neutral"
"Haven't you seen any horror movie!? Those cats are saving you from certain doom","neutral"
"If you were under the old pay model you would disagree with that","neutral"
"Soon to be ex","neutral"
"The register entries have allot of interesting information, and basically served as the record of service for all personnel.","pride"
"Damn how I wish [NAME] was there just to see his reactions to [NAME] questions 😂😂","neutral"
"I pose you this question, "How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?"","curiosity"
"That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!","annoyance"
"You have an amazing instinct to protect him. It’s beautiful","admiration"
"Let your work speak for itself IMO.","neutral"
"It's the app, you get daily readings, you can communicate with the other members, reminders, etc, download the app you'll see","neutral"
"For both of us to be done school. To be in a secure spot financially.","neutral"
"It positively reeks of an abusive household","annoyance"
"She’s still not gonna message you dude I promise","approval"
"What? A [NAME] supporter purposefully misrepresenting the facts? You don't say.","confusion"
"Except they fucking awarded it a prize first. It went through vetting, beat the other applicants, won, then was removed as not being correct?","confusion"
"Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.","neutral"
"It’s 2019 and I still don’t know who [NAME] is","neutral"
"would make a great drop for a drum n bass track","admiration"
"Think you need more gin with it and you will be alright next time","caring"
"Now she’s going to find corn in her panties for the foreseeable future. Poor planning! Tehe...creamed corn....","disgust"
"I think you’re absolutely gorgeous","admiration"
"Don't be pedantic. In this context, I don't think we are meant to take "biker" to mean "motorcycle aficionado."","realization"
"So many players from the current crop are going to end up on 300+ games, crazy to think how exclusive it was not too long ago","neutral"
"Let people have fun","neutral"
"Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”","disgust"
"So, just a super verbose tone trolling?","neutral"
"Haha. This is awesome. And I can't unsee it.","admiration"
"you are delucional.","annoyance"
"It keeps more people employed that way.","approval"
"If anyone is interested, I did a play by play of my thoughts here!","neutral"
"Never noticed how unsettling palpatine looked","realization"
"I'm using mine on the Consumer Cellular customers that come in mad at me because they have to set up an Apple Account to use their IPhone.","disgust"
"Ooofffhh, that'd be a tough lesson to learn.","neutral"
"Kept you waiting, huh? ","confusion"
"“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.","annoyance"
"Drop it off at a tent city or homeless camp. I've done it with an old Adirondak chair and they seemed to love it.","love"
"Hi I'm not police where is your business and what is your full name thank you","neutral"
"Looks eerily like the series of a guy who was unpacked on the street near Star Seeds last night.","neutral"
"Right now I live in a medium sized one but I have lived in a big city for a couple of years.","neutral"
"Bulls medical staff misdiagnosing again, what else is new","annoyance"
"i’m fking crying lmaoooo","sadness"
"Same. I was not rooting for the Pats. I WAS rooting against the chiefs. The AFC West is ours and ours alone :)","desire"
"Totally here for [NAME] and [NAME] boxing [NAME] in before he even announces","neutral"
"Well to be fair to these idiots Family Guy constantly makes episodes complaining about their lack of Emmys.","annoyance"
"Let's not name anything after him. Even if it's a disorder, the incels will take it as recognition and pride.","optimism"
"Of course comrade! The question was intellectually stimulating.","neutral"
"Creepy Yoda voicepack tbh","neutral"
"On-court obnoxiousness should be punished and has nothing to do with the game of playing tennis. Bring your A game hitting the ball or walk off the field.","annoyance"
"Heck, you're one cool dude, guy. ","admiration"
"Oh sorry my bad, didmt know","realization"
"I mean who cares, this show isn’t built for perfection. It’s built for comedy. ","amusement"
"EWWW yes. This makes me shudder. All wet and gross.","nervousness"
"^ Didn't read the article.","neutral"
"Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]","neutral"
"I would change the episode with Icicle. Get rid of the cold puns. Everything else can stay the same","neutral"
"Shes got no style, shes got no grace... this [NAME] has a funny face!","neutral"
"Ours came today too :). We got 22 hbu?","curiosity"
"I got a far related cousin that killed himself this exact way. A branch punched back the chainsaw right back at his forehead.","neutral"
"Wasn't he Eagles' top try scorer last year despite being a forward?","neutral"
"Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.","gratitude"
"How the fuck do you moan tho","anger"
"no, you always upvote what fits the sub","neutral"
"I hope so. Either [NAME] or [NAME] deserve it the most","approval"
"I agree. His own hair color is much better with his blue eyes.","amusement"
"Saving this. Happy 2019 to ya!","excitement"
"Some of them really seem to be embittered by their own paranoia.","neutral"
"Lol at the caption, but I believe it’s Netflix’s new original movie Close.","amusement"
"Maybe [NAME] would rape you too if that makes you feel better","neutral"
"You’re a damn good grandma, good wishes for your grandson and good luck!","admiration"
"You’re awesome! :)","admiration"
"She’s so hot in the video damn","admiration"
"Find a tv show to participate in, bat your eyes, cry a little. ","curiosity"
"It’s 8 rounds on all different topics organized by check it","neutral"
"There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.","approval"
"This too. It’s about how much excess the wealthy have, not how they acquired it.","neutral"
"Im sure you’ll love it","approval"
"Well if this post isn’t just like staring into a mirror, I don’t know what is. ","neutral"
"i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)","love"
"Ya, definitely gotta not feel like a [NAME] sometimes too. ","approval"
"Go play Minecraft........","neutral"
"Don't be so damn lazy, just type NEW YEAR'S EVE! I suppose you caled it Y2K also. - I'm so disappointed in you.","neutral"
"Cheese *noun* 1. That cheese shit they put on pizza.","annoyance"
"The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.","neutral"
"You can turn right on red!","approval"
"I live in those unfortunately","disappointment"
"i think that's more 10 years old rather than year 10 :)","neutral"
"Apparently, you'd want an Alberta with a censor on what we read. Bully for you.","annoyance"
"He was forced into this marriage","sadness"
"What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.","annoyance"
"I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now","joy"
"Because wealthy people have the time and money to go on weird diets...","neutral"
"Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.","disappointment"
"Ex-Marines are the best.","admiration"
"now imagine its some drunk 20 year old sitting near you screaming things every couple of minutes because thats whats its like in the stands","neutral"
"It's genuinely disorientating to witness it.","disappointment"
"Vox lies and manipulates information to drive their agenda. Same as right wing garbage. They are not an honest media outlet.","realization"
"Man, I wish Fed was still 26 for these matches lol ","amusement"
"Nah, I'm a straight girl infiltrating this sub because the memes are so spicy","surprise"
"It looks nineteen to me.","approval"
"[NAME]. Snap me good baby.","neutral"
"I avoid them like the plague and report them","disapproval"
"Haha yeah actually they don't feel that good but life does involve sacrifice.","neutral"
"Oh yea [NAME] from Danganronpa 1 is great too, a cute hacker girl and one of my fave charas from the franchise! ✨","surprise"
"Congrats! That could not have been an easy step to take, so I'm so happy it's been a positive experience.","gratitude"
"Because the content creators don't deserve to be paid, your seconds spent listening to ads are too valuable!","confusion"
"Where can you watch community? I can’t find it anywhere and it looks great.","gratitude"
"Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it","disappointment"
""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"","neutral"
"[NAME] does seem a little high strung. Did you see him on [NAME] podcast? WOW. Still, cool dude.","neutral"
"Damn, this is some cold, hard reality. Hope everything works out!","optimism"
"It's an unfortunate situation, but it had to be done at some point.","fear"
"America v Necaxa Was postponed till March. America doesn't play until next Jornada 2","disapproval"
"Read culture of critique next","neutral"
"Absolutely fair, and I can't blame you for that.","neutral"
"Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???","annoyance"
"He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.","desire"
"That game hurt.","remorse"
"Oh, true ","neutral"
"Well that just means that red hair isn't a valid hair color, just a mutation. We should just count them as brown instead. /heavysarcasm","amusement"
"The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop","annoyance"
"No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).","disapproval"
"I was picturing [NAME]","neutral"
"[NAME] is just pretending to be uncoordinated while he plots to end careers","anger"
"Are you throwing such a hissy fit that you couldn't read the "anywhere else other than the internet" part?","neutral"
"Lets go with sensitive, because what other reason is there to downvote an opinion ","neutral"
"Probably take another Xanax on Saturday to.....maybe just keep taking Xanax forever","approval"
"Yeah, but the thing is that I did send them. Therefore, I don’t have them, and haven’t for months.","neutral"
"Go watch a show","neutral"
"Wow! I've never heard of a celebrity doing something so nice","admiration"
"Sheed... Ik but I still envy Horry","optimism"
"He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow","admiration"
"Let's go boys","neutral"
"Beautiful place, been there in September!","admiration"
"This is a hate sub","neutral"
"No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.","disapproval"
"Why am I seeing this everywhere now? This wasn't in my vocabulary last week.","confusion"
""This is good. What is it?" "Es carne de burro." "Heh, my name's [NAME]."","confusion"
"More like lovely shiny apples and rotten oranges covered with mold.","neutral"
"Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it","love"
"As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult","anger"
"Yes honey, now go get the mop.","approval"
"I’m feeling very excited !","excitement"
"Weird I can relate to this but in the same time I can't relate to this","confusion"
"I wish someone would do this for me.","desire"
"It's hard to say. They are an above average team that often looks lifeless and underachieves.","annoyance"
"This happened to me in the same hour of the discard! Went from shouting to supportive friend within 45 mins.","anger"
"too bad for [NAME] we don't negotiate with terrorists.","annoyance"
"We were playing bots for 30 mins... Not fun but i am happy i finally did it","joy"
"I'm with you. I'd like one too.","approval"
"For those interested in the reference:","neutral"
"I would feel like the biggest idiot if I made your comment.","embarrassment"
"The housemate is a genius!","admiration"
"This is the reason why I don't have friends. Not even skinny ones, you never know how they will be in the furure","neutral"
"Welcome to the freedom and democracy circus that is 'mercuh! 👍","excitement"
"It could have been worse! All the chairs and table are still upright.","neutral"
"There is a guy that looks like [NAME] in my local Walmart","neutral"
"man whenever [NAME] talks i feel like a deaf person because well I just can't hear shit","amusement"
"If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?","approval"
"I would rather have a educated population in my country, no wonder Canada has to bring in 300k immigrants.","neutral"
"thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.","realization"
"Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*. ","neutral"
"We had some sparkling apple in our ICU tonight as well! Happy new year!","excitement"
"I'm generally a supporter of law enforcement.... But what the actual fuck.","neutral"
"It's not your fault....","approval"
"[NAME] is a comedic goldmine. I don't blame comedians for milking the idiot.","amusement"
"And then what would The Bulls do if he says he won't be the head coach anymore? Put an assistant in there?","curiosity"
"They both have water wings on is she trying to kill them","neutral"
"If you have schools in your city, I got bad news for ya champ...","sadness"
"Sorry, I don't get it. ELI5 please.","sadness"
"But he is just anti Israel and definitely doesn’t hate [NAME]. /s","optimism"
"Man, [NAME]. What a shame that trainwreck turned out to be. ","embarrassment"
"What a catch, that's how you win championship games there. Wow.","admiration"
"I tried. [NAME] responded by taking the baby to see her without me, while I was at work. 😤","neutral"
"I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends","love"
"They can always fall back on Married with Children re-runs.","neutral"
"I will. If you ever need help I ain’t afraid to put some people straight just holla.","neutral"
"This sub is going to be so ridiculous until he signs somewhere lol","disapproval"
"Don't make me run! I'm full of chocolate!","nervousness"
"I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️","grief"
"How do you know this?","neutral"
"i’m kind of overdunked actually","disappointment"
"Dirt bar downtown is pretty sweet.","neutral"
"I doubt it, serial killers enjoy killing, the stuff they do afterwards is just the icing on the cake for them. ","annoyance"
"Think they fly in tonight or tomorrow?","confusion"
"Just the best WR in the league retweeting the best TE in the league, nothing to see here....","disappointment"
"Go forth and get rated, my child. ","caring"
"Shitpost from the uncultured","annoyance"
"The self righteous feel no shame","neutral"
"55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.","admiration"
"YES YES YES VERY EPIC","approval"
"For those of us that need a little pain with our pleasure.","neutral"
"Looks like any time there’s a huge spike in viewers, it’s a crossover. Legends sure has a really pathetic turn out. ","remorse"
"*tomorrow Thank you for this.","gratitude"
"My brother fell asleep on the beach once and his whole back turned purple from sunburn and yours is still worse than his! My [NAME]!!","neutral"
"Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.","neutral"
"Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.","admiration"
"We all got our thing hun. Embrace it.","realization"
"sadly it would take wayyyyyy more than this to ever change custody agreements. documenting it for her own sanity is a good idea, though.","disappointment"
"Wendy’s sauce I hope lol","joy"
"Thanks for this!","gratitude"
"I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.","approval"
"I would totally park in front of their house. They have as little right to complain as you do.","neutral"
"Oh my gosh 😂. I do believe it!!","approval"
"This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8.","surprise"
"Any AI controlled streak should just be banned from day 1, regardless of game. The fact that the pros haven't GAd them all blows my mind.","neutral"
"Close game but glad to see we came back in the end","excitement"
"I mean, if BDN wins another SB MVP . . . you can't exactly get rid of a guy like that","admiration"
"this is beautiful !!! my poor baby tho, why is she crying ??? ;(( ","admiration"
"80k/month? Damn. I need to become a Union Square store","neutral"
"I do know a few fellows who didn't get accepted until a full month after. Just chill until then. Good luck!","caring"
"Call me cynical, but I wish things wouldn't go back. That's why I like Infinity Wars as much as I did.","admiration"
"You mean the best.","confusion"
"Nah. I’ll be fine tho.","embarrassment"
"try going outside for a long painful walk","sadness"
"[NAME] because hes best survivor","optimism"
">!I always assume that Motoyasu's team changes once every week or something.!<","neutral"
"Good for you OP! I hope you find a much better playgroup soon!","admiration"
"The new stylish stadiums will look outdated in 15+ years. Standard stadiums will still look the same","neutral"
"You need to reevaluate your life","annoyance"
"Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.","annoyance"
"I saw [NAME] recently with [NAME] and it was bangin","admiration"
"I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.","excitement"
"I just learned about mukbang yesterday from a foreign exchange student. What luck, didn't realize they were popular outside of Asia.","admiration"
"😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.","amusement"
"[NAME] damn it [NAME].","anger"
"Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them","anger"
"I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit","remorse"
"/u/allegedlynerdy is referring to China not Russia, as obviously Russia is not “religion free,” but atheist China is still very homophobic.","optimism"
"You do realize that every cod since cod 4 has had some sort of sbmm right? Like every MP Fps like Battlefield.","confusion"
"I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.","annoyance"
"No babies for him!","neutral"
"Very handsome!!","admiration"
"It is more common than you think, especially for the older generation. Anecdotally I have read more then a few stories here on reddit with that scenario.","neutral"
""Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!"","excitement"
"What are you talking about? This sub defended "it's just camo ,it's realistic". [NAME] including myself all begged for better visibility lmao ","curiosity"
"Happy Cake day.","joy"
"Ay, last time i popped my blisters yall got mad","annoyance"
"Thanks for not responding to my comment like this, it just shows even more that you are a troll.","disappointment"
"No that would be yet another mistake.","annoyance"
"This is like taking over a buddy's girlfriend so that he can hook up with the girl you really wanted in the first place.","neutral"
"Happy birthday kiddo, free updoot for u","neutral"
"[NAME] the amount of protection that you are wrong *because* you are an outlier at all.","annoyance"
"No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language. ","disgust"
"We’ve got the terrorists screaming [NAME] while commiting terror acts to thank for that.","nervousness"
"This is why nobody takes feminism seriously!","neutral"
"**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**","love"
"Your son went to school in a treehouse?","neutral"
"The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy","neutral"
"This dish is a testament to be beautify and ingenuity of Italian civilization and culture.","admiration"
"This game is on [NAME]...","neutral"
"They're all the same, all the ratemes are a trap. It's just sad people keep falling for them because its so obvious it genuinely hurts.","sadness"
"I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday. ","remorse"
"I never knew this! Nuts are a total fear food for me","realization"
"F for our fallen comrade","neutral"
"That means nothing beyond the fact that I couldn’t be asked arguing with you. It was a no contest essentially.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were the ones I had in mind, but I'm not surprised they're not the only ones from what I've heard.","disapproval"
"Bit of a rant there, but I get it. This comes off as super pretty. ","admiration"
"No worries.","relief"
"I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.","love"
"I only use freedom units, sorry.","approval"
"I guess you’ve become something of an icon","neutral"
"It was when oil prices were higher. It’s primary export is petrol and the market slumping is hurting","disappointment"
"Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up","optimism"
"Im turning 30 this year. We just cant get rowdy like we used to man, i mean we *can* but damn all these responsibilities","anger"
"persistence that is working perfectly fine...thanks to backup scripts lol","admiration"
"Well when you’re on the internet never say use the term no one because theres always those few idiots","neutral"
"And I for one welcome our new meme overlords.","joy"
"Bleak but may be accurate. I wonder - are there examples of other franchises that went down the toilet, but that then actually make a comeback?","confusion"
"So pure I'm smiling :)","joy"
"When you decide to root against your favorite team, for a better future “The hardest choices require the strongest will”","realization"
"Its actually "[NAME]" , not "[NAME]".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened ","joy"
"Something on the telly about Scottish football that saves me watching [NAME] and [NAME]? I'm all for it.. Fair play to them.","neutral"
"How did I miss that?","curiosity"
"Am I tripping or something? This sounded clearly fake to me, I remember hearing the [NAME] one, which also sounded fake but not as much.","curiosity"
"It's good to see that the rich are being cured of this. :) As for the poor, we can just burn them for fuel.","anger"
"Lol it was worse for them last year","amusement"
"Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.","confusion"
"P=too damn high","neutral"
"That’s exactly me! Remembers all important conversations. Also me: what did I do yesterday?!","curiosity"
"I completely agree","approval"
"Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty","disgust"
"It sounds like you’re enzyme deficient, I’ve never heard of someone becoming sensitive to a drug from using it ","surprise"
"It’s [NAME]?!","confusion"
"People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol","amusement"
"rub a cats belly right fuckin meow!","admiration"
"Don't underestimate him, he can do it in 2","admiration"
"Too right. I hate the Sun. worst tabloid out there","neutral"
"The perfect response thou.","neutral"
"It’s Beirt for people, wouldn’t it be beirt garda?","neutral"
"Tbf if i saw my friend basically sawing himself in half id either vomit or faint","neutral"
"Needs to justify her position with her world-class counter negotiation skills...","realization"
"So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.","admiration"
"Lol no.","neutral"
"downvoted to hell but i understand your experience. salute, soldier.","admiration"
"Yep, it's all extremely frustrating.","annoyance"
"I'm shocked, shocked, to find that redditors don't read sources and stay with the info they get from the misleading titles. ","surprise"
"DAMN!","surprise"
"A team has to be at least 3 people, right? So 500/3 = $167 a week. Baller CEO status","neutral"
"[NAME] will be the 2nd best player in Juve team now.","approval"
"Always...really. married 31 years and she still turns me on!","neutral"
"Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.","realization"
"Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him","disappointment"
"This is awesome! I really wish I could make it!","admiration"
"Wish they showed us more of their friendship in previous episodes, this drawing is amazing.","admiration"
"Not initially, however... ","neutral"
"r/patrig Edit: looks like someone already cross posted it there. That was fast.","neutral"
"What The actual fuck","anger"
"Your wife just proved to your son that her love for him is not unconditional. She sounds ignorant, hateful, and should get therapy or get out.","neutral"
"doesn't the fact that it was used for general studies prove my point :) (and i think we're around the same age)","realization"
"Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna ","fear"
"Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.","disapproval"
"Looks like he's got the funk.","admiration"
"Wet dreams don't count","neutral"
"That sex doesn't exist and we're all just pretending for his benefit...","disapproval"
"NOBODY TELL HIM","neutral"
"Yes because people constantly use that as an example of "TSAs failure" or a TSA miss when in reality TSA wasn't even involved","disappointment"
"Sports, not even once","neutral"
"True. But that is one out of many.","approval"
"I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!","gratitude"
"Well at least it's your fellow countrymen treating you like shit now and not outsiders. Improvement amirite?","optimism"
"Yeah me too. I understand liking white noise in background for some people but asmr can get kinda freaky at times.","approval"
"There are quite a number of things we do in modern life that are not sustainable over the short term.","neutral"
"She better!!! .....nobody else will","admiration"
"Excellent analysis!","admiration"
"Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable","disapproval"
"Suffering from success...","fear"
"Awesome, thanks. Great answer.","admiration"
"Happy cake day !","joy"
"I read the Wikipedia and I’m even more confused now.","confusion"
"it was audrey! I painted this painting 10 years ago. today I took it off my sisters wall and decided to give her a make over","neutral"
""That's all folks" Insert looney tunes outro","neutral"
"When he formally announces, that's when my big donation will drop.","realization"
"You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!","excitement"
"Having watched Sunderland Till I Die it makes me desperate for some sort of insight into the way Arsenal operate behind the scenes.","admiration"
""guys, cant we all just calm down and agree IM the smartest most morally righteous one in the room?"","amusement"
"Our mod is an awesome mod","admiration"
"[NAME]. I'd like to think he went back in thinking you were still inside.","sadness"
"Sounds like he’s just cheating on you...","neutral"
"[NAME] i’m so addicted to watching Narcos in bed. it’s so damn good","admiration"
""Oh no, my blue heroes died, it's probably very bad, time to concede".","disappointment"
"What campaign? He is already president.","admiration"
"What happened that she was so pissed and did this live?","annoyance"
"I have been to my GP and let college know, I have started some meds but they won't kick in for a while ","sadness"
"Imagine being as fragile as that woman.","neutral"
"He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow","surprise"
"I think it's because he was so damn happy for his friend, which again, is sweet as hell.","admiration"
"No. They can go through the same legal process my wife and I did before getting in that line, so they don’t get turned away.","approval"
"This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan","neutral"
"Ouch!!!!! That hurt me just watching.","disappointment"
"Walking into Chick Fil A feels like walking into a church. No thanks. I will forever see them as a bigoted organization.","neutral"
"Boom. Sand. Great image","admiration"
"Actually my biggest question is why people are working if they aren't getting paid","confusion"
"This is actually one of the most retarded things I’ve ever seen. Good post op","admiration"
"Honestly I’d believe it. [NAME] seems stuck in that high school mentality","approval"
"So I suppose they’re more like the flying monkeys than the wicked witch?","neutral"
"His DBPM as well as his OBPM is better than Embiid's","neutral"
"THANK YOU! You should be able to set a preference before your cut that says, "no small talk please".","neutral"
"That's two.","neutral"
"Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::","surprise"
"Good. Stay the fuck away.","anger"
"I’m so sorry that you both have to deal with this ❤️","gratitude"
"i don't love love love it","disapproval"
"Is there a quiz version of this where I can answer what I think and then at the end it tells me who matches the best?","curiosity"
"this is awesome","admiration"
"Thanks for not answering my question. :)","annoyance"
"He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.","disappointment"
"It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something","fear"
"[NAME] just played her ass...hehehe","amusement"
"I found myself not caring about any characters or the story. The only thing driving me was the fun gameplay","amusement"
"Better get yourself here before March 😂","approval"
"My block has about 40. East York residents got screwed by their 60s-70s predecessors.","approval"
"The left says there is a police brutality issue so their fix is to make it hard for non police to get and carry guns. 🤔","neutral"
"And they won‘t until it hits them - or not even then, somehow blaming it on others too.","neutral"
"How can I send it to you? I Just exactly recreated it in training arena","approval"
"First is the worst","anger"
"It doesn't matter if 99% didn't vote for him, it only maters that he got 50% +1 of the seats.","realization"
"So, I saw the video yesterday. I think there are real complaints by residents, but that video isn't normal, and absolutely crosses into antisemitism.","approval"
"Yep. I’m an introvert with a big group of friends. I get tired even after spending just an hour with friends sometimes.","neutral"
"I remember that one! She was so proud of herself for all the organization and I just felt bad for the kids.","admiration"
"Thank you :) I was starting to seriously wonder if something was majorly wrong with my maternal instincts haha","amusement"
"I have the same issue with a new co-worker and it drives me insane.","annoyance"
"I will, Thank you!!","gratitude"
"He just wasn't registered with the state. He has a BS in EE and works as an electrical engineer. What a stupid law","disapproval"
"woah ok metallica didnt do shit to metal. Think about Black Sabbath, MotorHead or judas preist but fuck man, metallica suck lol","excitement"
"Downvoting in hopes it will make this news go away","optimism"
"IMO there are quite a few jobs that are criminally underpaid, but that's just me.","disapproval"
"I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like "look what you did"","neutral"
"Thank [NAME] for the adult spammers on my susbscribed NSFW subreddits.","gratitude"
"Ill take condoms and council tax over dying in horrible pain from typhoid but each to there own.","desire"
"Stay safe, you will find someone one day. ","caring"
"Yes. Or had trouble finding someone to sit by. Not many were interested in me.","neutral"
"The new live-action movie looks great!","admiration"
"Until it gets to a point where you are a stalker.","neutral"
"It's like calling [NAME] because he's a liar. He's waying the people are rats.","neutral"
"Or just simply hinting at it. All in fun though","amusement"
"[NAME] damn it","anger"
"Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!","admiration"
"No, you’ll find her. Us childfree lesbians are out there. ","neutral"
"Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].","disapproval"
"It’s like she’s forcing a fake British accent it’s so strange","neutral"
"Lets just say I'm hopeful! Don't die on me [NAME].","neutral"
"Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show. ","anger"
"This just makes me feel inferior at this point.","fear"
"Oh cool another manufactured awful [NAME] pushing untalented rapper. It’s getting more obvious as time goes by","disapproval"
"I had 3 last night 🙈 this rant was after glass #1","neutral"
"Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.","gratitude"
"Just don't stop with the damn good cooking though please lol.","amusement"
"Let's wait for January patch, and hope that your problems will be resolved soon. I have too much fun in this game right now :) ","excitement"
"Lol they’re so caught. “It’s not what it looks like! We hate each other!”","neutral"
"Good god there’s so many cheapskates here trying to justify it by insulting me! Pretty funny tbh","anger"
"Still waiting!","neutral"
"That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.","admiration"
"Clearly they do know who to trust now.","neutral"
"A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.","annoyance"
"Ahahahahahaha!!","amusement"
"Yeah I'm gonna do that....Thank you...she just doesn't like the feeling of condoms but i dont care need to put my foot down","neutral"
"Yes. What do you use? Geocities?","curiosity"
"We still have them 150 b you cuck. Why are you so fucking stupid","neutral"
"What about [NAME] arm ?Is [NAME] replacing [NAME] cannon ? I was more bummed about losing [NAME] arm than his bat .","confusion"
"He wants to be free to hit on other women. He may not take it any farther but that’s what it looks like to me.","sadness"
"Enjoy","neutral"
"Thanks. I desperately need to connect with other women.","desire"
"This is wild omg. Also, happy cake day twin!","gratitude"
"thank you it’s just odd it randomly showed up and hasn’t always been there","annoyance"
"I feel like I got lured into a fever dream by a normal combo video's beginning","neutral"
"I tell myself that but when I’m at 90 I’m like a zombie","joy"
"Didn't even think of that ><","disappointment"
"I'll never not love you [NAME]","anger"
"I was thinking the same and was relieved when I read peed on kitchen floor!","relief"
"(#1)Just love him/her (#2) Be forgiving","love"
"That's because there are a lot of other attrocities that have happened since then. [NAME] aren't the only ones facing discrimination.","annoyance"
"Thank [NAME] for RT Audiences scores! The **REAL** objective quality metric for kinos!","approval"
"Bruh I wish 😖","desire"
"More fake news from CNN. I thought coming off the last fake news blowup they would at least bother to watch the video before writing their ridiculous story.","annoyance"
"That was a joke omg","joy"
"Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.","neutral"
"Very astute observation.","neutral"
"Your mom is putting actual effort into having a relationship with you, you insufferable donut. ","annoyance"
"This is the proper timing","approval"
"cutest vid I've seen in a while","admiration"
"Technology bad!","annoyance"
"In that case you're very welcome to call your representative and tell them to agree to a bill which would reopen the government. Or tweet the president.","gratitude"
"The real worst though is when she says, "I love you more" 100% seriously.","neutral"
"These people seen so much in their lifetimes. So much wisdom in one pic","admiration"
"They look like some healthy multi grain version","neutral"
"Thanks DB, I'll see if I can find the book","gratitude"
"that's how powell should play. now, let's will wes' post-ups out of existence","neutral"
"Is a really worrying bench","nervousness"
"Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.","disappointment"
"And you didn't read the filler did you?","neutral"
"Thank you so much.","gratitude"
"On the off chance that [NAME] is the best player in the ENTIRE league?","curiosity"
"Defense that's why","realization"
"Yeah, I haven’t kept up with that show lol ","amusement"
"Chilling to think people can kick others under the rug and consider them burdens to do something like THIS","optimism"
"There is literally NO reason as to why the Japan ratings are necessary in this post. Zero.","neutral"
"[NAME] You are freaking fast","neutral"
"Oh shit. I'm so sorry! 😂","remorse"
"Fair enough but I would imagine it's a small enough number that we can deal with. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater...pun intended","approval"
"No there's only one emoji.","realization"
"> "I have full confidence in [NAME]..." *Now* you are being diplomatic.","optimism"
"Gonna hazard a guess they adversely affected the Saints worse.","neutral"
"What do you mean by verified transactions?","confusion"
"This is just sad. So, so sad.","sadness"
"Fuck I love you prag","joy"
"That's such a lazy way of looking at things.","disapproval"
"It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.","disgust"
"By that definition, though, everyone with any relationships outside their mono romantic partner is polyamorous, and I don't think that makes sense to say. ","neutral"
"no clip as an example to backup your claims?","neutral"
"What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao","neutral"
"Still extremely impressive.","admiration"
"That’s what really kills me - thinking about this from our daughter’s perspective. Thank you for this. ❤️","love"
"Needed that. A [NAME] ridiculous play is a game changer","gratitude"
"What "same thing"? You're not addressing any of my actual argument and have barely been doing so for a while.","annoyance"
"Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq","neutral"
"I agree it was just funny with the timing. I'm guessing you don't usually order AT the gym. :)","amusement"
"Uhhhhhh, damn son","anger"
"They stole his toilet bucket","neutral"
"Thank you for the notice. I'm mainly on mobile, so I tend to ignore rules ","gratitude"
"When they stop showing literally every big Viking loss in these games.","annoyance"
"I'd prefer it that way than the alternative reality in which [NAME] knows where I live.","neutral"
"They hated him, because he told them the truth","disappointment"
"Says nothing about a 2nd interview","neutral"
"Thank you so much. This is really valuable information!","admiration"
"We've actually got scientists working on that. If you're 23 right now and healthy, you've got a fairly good chance of not dying.","neutral"
"yeqpnsaved one from every event in the history of hots, think I may have accidentally opened one of my summer boxes tho :s","neutral"
"Great drawing :)","admiration"
"These are all problems you're creating for yourself, not something she's doing.","disapproval"
"I don’t think high fees is something they like... but the rest I totally agree with you!","approval"
"I’m really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!","relief"
"He reminds me of [NAME]. Gonna have to put on some muscle tho.","neutral"
"And Tranna for Toronto.","admiration"
"Stay strong dude","caring"
"the real crime would be to not finish what we started!","neutral"
"Careful with talk like this, we don't want reddit to bring down the ban hammer on you or this sub for "insighting brigades."","neutral"
"*Unfortunately that’s the world we live in now* [NAME]. [NAME] women ruining everything.","surprise"
"Just dump it on the other side of that fence down there...ssss","caring"
"I told you, I don't like ethnic food!","annoyance"
"wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho","approval"
"Only the [NAME] do so. The rest of us have been exasperated with him for months, at least.","neutral"
"You can't release A New Hope 2.0 in China if you do that though.","neutral"
"This is disgusting.","disappointment"
"she’s a huge mood","annoyance"
"3:08am and my laughter has now turned into wheezing sobs","amusement"
"I love artic blitz personally","love"
"Enjoy :) You won't regret it. The first couple seasons will be a little confusing but wiki helped me understand this show a lot!","joy"
"[NAME]? Rape? I am shocked I tell you! SHOCKED!","surprise"
"Same. Glad it's not just out store.","neutral"
"Greetings from Singapore! Anyone looking to play, please come find us at our discord: ","admiration"
"She’s BFFs with [NAME].","neutral"
"Don’t tweets have to be formatted a certain way? Only thing I can think of","neutral"
"Firemen make roughly 30000£ in UK today.","neutral"
"HOW MUCH IS IT","curiosity"
"I find that a normal chat in Chinese can sometimes have that effect too.","neutral"
"Well when ever you want to see her check the cahpters she is in :) haha","neutral"
"Don't worry, [NAME]. Her idea of wit is nothing more than an incisive observation humorously phrased and delivered with impeccable timing.","approval"
"Finally, a real "murderedbywords" than the constant string of silly roasts.","neutral"
"thank you maybe its just best if i forget it.","gratitude"
"Bipolar symptoms tend to be very fun and exciting, but they can also be very bad and harmful. She should get some help.","amusement"
"It was a 9 bang which was completely different...","neutral"
"Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)","annoyance"
"Over 2 years of prep time.... better use an agent next time!","neutral"
"You got a friend in meeeee...","neutral"
"Absolutely. That was an amazing set of games. Didn’t miss a beat","approval"
"Omg yes lol it’s the story of my life","amusement"
"I forget my friends and families names on the regular....","neutral"
"WYA? I'll come through.","confusion"
"I hope you don't mind...","admiration"
"Bunch of incels","neutral"
"Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha","amusement"
"interesting, I'd like to see more about this (when available of course)","desire"
"she has a fetish is my guess.","realization"
"Oh man I was being facetious It annoyed me so much","annoyance"
"Oof that hurt","disappointment"
"Orange man bad ----- > Treason is bad ergo, Orange man is treason.","disapproval"
"That bit and the "man eating chicken" bit are two of my favourite things in that movie.","joy"
"What a state in America looks like when recreational marijuana gets legalized. 😂","curiosity"
"[NAME] is actually only 1 day older than [NAME]","neutral"
"I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!","caring"
"explain Hudson bay edit: not to say Florida flooding wouldn't be welcome change","gratitude"
"I grew up there!! Moved away 20 years ago but still my home. Hope you're having fun .","amusement"
"As someone who works in the oil industry with a lot of big ships, this is badass.","annoyance"
"Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.","admiration"
"Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.","curiosity"
"Let's say he quits or is fired (we already know neither will happen). Who the [NAME] would we pick to replace him?","confusion"
"Ya i hate to talk bad about don’t but they should get the sticks out of their butts and make smarter decisions for their community","anger"
"And why do you have low self esteem?","curiosity"
"would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez","love"
"I understand them.who puts the tp under not over","neutral"
"Thanks nate. If you need any help any time or support I'm here for ya.","gratitude"
"FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.","fear"
"THANK [NAME]","gratitude"
"My mom just shared this on Facebook and I didn't even know what to say to her so I just immediately screenshotted it to share here","excitement"
"I love [NAME]. I hope she can hold on in 2020.","optimism"
"Seriously, check his food. It is upsetting his stomach.","anger"
"The shitty taste is what keeps you awake.","disgust"
"Why are we trusting them to do anything after messing it up that badly?","disapproval"
"TIL [NAME] is a real girl","approval"
"The person he marries is going to be murdered by him","optimism"
"I am well aware of how immature and inconsiderate men are capable of being, but thanks for the reminder. Baby.","gratitude"
"You could feel all his life flowing into your body","neutral"
"Ugh, [NAME]. Gross. ","neutral"
"One can only dream about having such a good team one day again. Now we have Sansores y Vilchis no mames haha.","amusement"
"So obvious you got downvoted 40 times, ok!","annoyance"
"I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.","approval"
"They probably have a couple years to prepare unfortunately.","neutral"
"If/then. Not if/than. “If this happens, then that happens.” “I have more than you.” It’s never if/than.","annoyance"
"Interested in Carlton stuff.","love"
"I’m only denying what’s not true, and [NAME] being my name isn’t true. ","disappointment"
"That's pretty good all things considered, if they want to maintain that, they really need to get a patch out ASAP","approval"
"Translation }}} I wish I could afford it.","desire"
"I would choose to go in the coolest way possible. Don’t know what that would be but I would want my last moments to be memorable.","desire"
"You are not stupid, just overthinking, it will get lost in countless other posts and in the future it won't matter, good luck.","neutral"
"What episode is this?","curiosity"
"Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees. ","sadness"
"read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed","disappointment"
"Iunno, looks pretty Western to me.","optimism"
"Hoarders unite! 2388 stars here, 19 rewards, 20 by tomorrow. Highest reward was 23. No Visa card. Too tired of playing credit card roulette.","disappointment"
"That was probably the most balanced doco I've seen on NK so far. Still think [NAME] went in without a completely open mind.","approval"
"Hence a law is needed. Heck, they passed a law to stop telemarketers because they were annoying! Time to do it for TV!!","approval"
"Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding","joy"
"All of the wonder, beauty, and mystery of the world was taken before we even got here.","disappointment"
"GIVE ME A WAY TO AVOID MAPS PLEASE I BEG YOU I DON'T WANT TO PLAY THIS GARBAGE GAMEMODE ANYMORE","annoyance"
"Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.","realization"
"Thanks man, I will have to check it out!","approval"
"You can't talk morality to psychopaths.","neutral"
"I guess [NAME] are especially good at making heaven sound boring 😂. I'm also an [NAME]","admiration"
"Aww, thank you [NAME] for capturing me!!","admiration"
"Haha, why are you still thinking about that? That's super weird.","amusement"
"It looks like it's outdoors in the snow, so you'd be wearing gloves anyway.","neutral"
"I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.","admiration"
"I'm guessing that insurance to cover the liability is a big part of it. It sure as hell isn't going to the wages of the employees.","disapproval"
"Nice picture, hope we keep him!","admiration"
"dude i get that he was making a joke","approval"
"This is great and Elephant is pretty fun. We went to the clown exhibit last month.","admiration"
"Thank you for telling me !","gratitude"
"At what point do we consider arresting people who arm themselves in order to oppose legitimate, democratic decisions by force of arms? ","curiosity"
"Haha. Yeah there is a vaccination now. When I was a kid my parents did the same thing. It hadn’t been developed yet.","amusement"
"I just can’t imagine he is as bad as that...it’s just hard to believe.","disappointment"
"If a woman forces a man's penis into her vagina, that ABSOLUTELY IS a crime. Not sure what you're smoking. ","disgust"
"Mine did too","neutral"
"So far she seems pretty decent but I'm side-eyeing the hell out of him. His conduct at the restaurant was so bizarre and creepy.","fear"
"This was a clever post. I also unsubscribed.","neutral"
"Kill him the sinner","annoyance"
"It was a very nice car, a 1978 Bugatti.","admiration"
"In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.","remorse"
"It's pretty banging too.","amusement"
"Never forget when [NAME] almost knocked [NAME] out","pride"
"Out of curiosity, did [NAME] mention autism?","curiosity"
"Is she dead? She looks dead...","confusion"
"If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss","sadness"
"Got damn you must have been doing zans for a min 😂","disappointment"
"> Again I say it's not the substance itself that is addictive >other food-related addictions I really don't understand","neutral"
"Ugh I'm sorry man! Jerk off until your heart is content and don't apologize for it!","remorse"
"Why is [NAME] out? Is it a rest thing or a minor injury?","confusion"
"[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.","fear"
"That's bomb! I'm so happy for you! Good luck","admiration"
"New Haven has tons of locations that have strong cyber punk-y vibes at night!","admiration"
"Thanks for all the down votes!","gratitude"
"No need to bully me.","neutral"
"And whatever other slowness and rootkits etc may come with Epic. I still havent forgotten Sonys bullshit or how resource hogging Origin was","realization"
"Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn","disgust"
"Thanks :) I will still do the necklace, but probably just as a surprise gift.","approval"
"That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work. ","optimism"
"Maybe it’s a cultural thing? That’s the way we do it in (I assume from my experience) Canada.","approval"
"That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends","approval"
"Possible maybe, not at all plausible.","optimism"
"Does 'unintentional humor' mean 'I sneered at this'?","neutral"
"No. The Office wouldn't exist today due to liberalism and everyone being offended for everyone else.","anger"
"I like it!","love"
"you can tell she's insanely insecure by her body language and they way she poses for pics.","fear"
"I don’t think that would be an issue with [NAME]. He doesn’t seem like work ethic is his problem","approval"
"Makes me feel better to live in the US.","desire"
"looks like got damn shoe leather.","anger"
"I’m not saying they are I’m just mentioning where this rumor seems to be coming from","neutral"
"Thank you for this, so excited!","excitement"
"Is he not supposed to have what he wants? What he needs?","neutral"
"so you want things to get tied up for months???? just relax... nothing we can do but give it a few days","neutral"
"Wow 40 years at 18 wow how unfortunate.","admiration"
"Who ate the Carolina Reaper? Lol I’d prob be using that lid to knock myself out from the heat","amusement"
"My daughter just took hers (and failed but not surprisingly). It cost her $125.00.","neutral"
"*Can I Haz Gold?* Don't actually please don't spend your money on crap like that.","caring"
"Duuuude you are double trouble! It's you're* cmon man have some mercy on yourself","nervousness"
"I will always love ohare because it is the home alone airport","approval"
"Surely you've seen weirdo then? It makes me laugh Everytime haha","amusement"
"This is so uncharacteristic of him /s","neutral"
"I’m just trying to get a woman’s perspective on the situation.","neutral"
"*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*","anger"
"This.. im sorry but this is a dumb reply. Ofc it was fake kindness golly","remorse"
"No, he isn't. The last 3 years he's averaged .261 .323 .473 .797 with a 102 OPS+ That's barely league average.","neutral"
"I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol","amusement"
"I'm not sure. There's some good youtube compilations of him.","excitement"
"I just hope [NAME] doesn't lose hope. Dudes got a great heart. But knowing our organization...","admiration"
"#SHOCKEEEEEEEEEEEER!","neutral"
"god i love [NAME]","admiration"
"I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]","admiration"
"The alternative to [NAME] didn't inspire any passion in anyone, and greed, illiberalism and self-centeredness isn't confined to any ethnic group.","disapproval"
"If you want to start a family, you can't just pass up 20k no matter how nice your current school is. ","admiration"
"Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.","admiration"
"Step 4. Profit","neutral"
"I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!","realization"
"Would love to get my hands on a dia de los muertos.","desire"
"I don't know him well but I have met him a few times through a mutual friend. Really nice guy and very young for his age.","admiration"
"Has anyone else noticed when [NAME] is ‘crying’ there are no tears.","neutral"
"Anyone else see her 10 year challenge post today or yesterday. I'm so shocked she wouldn't pick this picture.","curiosity"
"Now that I'm adult, I have taken an adult name and let my baby name be a thing of the past.","approval"
"> They are all one entity with the same goals. Agreed, sadly.","approval"
"For a second I didn’t see the t in “stack.” Was wondering how you did that but nvm.","realization"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** yosoyjackiejorpjomp! ^(hug)","excitement"
"If she said looks arent your problem, she wants to have sex with you, I learned that in r/niceguys 101","curiosity"
"It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.","anger"
"It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future","remorse"
"She is only good if a team has good communication. (And this is a ~600hr sombra main saying this.)","admiration"
"That made me laugh and if my mum’s mind was still here she’d laugh too!","amusement"
"Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha","gratitude"
"Some of my fraternity brothers came over, but I’m not sure if it makes a difference ","confusion"
"Nope. But if this also occurs in Dallas, that’s quite disheartening. :(","disappointment"
"Happy real life cake day my dude :)","excitement"
"Insulting [NAME] for being captured is good praxis","neutral"
"I think this was part of the actual movie, bud.","neutral"
"> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol","amusement"
"spit on them when they do it","neutral"
"Ok this makes more sense now.","approval"
"Hey, I love you! 😁","love"
"Well, I can only assume that you've discovered the delicious style of Islay scotch.","admiration"
"I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.","love"
"Ay, last time i popped my blisters yall got mad","neutral"
"Ah yes, the poison. The worst part of any poisoning. ","annoyance"
"[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.","anger"
"Trash pick up vehicle driver. Uh.. a garbage man?","confusion"
">How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]","anger"
"You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.","realization"
"i hate this","anger"
"Sorry for having a working brain :3","sadness"
"Damn right.","neutral"
"I got mine at 21. The ex wife would have had me snore instead of wear it for years.","remorse"
"You're all insane.","neutral"
"Posts like these make it more and more clear how creepy [NAME] is","neutral"
"I hate having to take my shoes off!","anger"
"One of my best friends got caught up in Primerica, it was both sad and hilarious ","amusement"
"I disagree with all of what you just said but I am in the same booooaaaaat.","disapproval"
"I wish I could get this kind of funny stuff sent to me on Snapchat. All I ever get are bobs and vagene.","neutral"
"OMG, I thought the same","surprise"
"We all were. Because we’re the responsible people watching the show, and not the glorious train wrecks starring in it :)","neutral"
"So which is more profitable for producers, brick n mortar or digital distribution? Which makes more money?","neutral"
"LPT: Make sure your chickens aren't pink anywhere by just chucking them in a 1000° oven","approval"
"Fish are friends, not food!","caring"
"Sakura drops & Goodbye happiness","joy"
"Have you met anyone old? Hell, I’m in my late 30s and that’s “awhile back”.","annoyance"
"Just typed out my comment and then I saw this. Yup, exactly.","approval"
"How are we going to get a high 2021 pick? Unless we lose a ton of games of course.","curiosity"
"Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world","sadness"
"two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case","love"
"They probably died anyways","grief"
"She is my favorite model from American Eagle store. Such beauty and so positive.","admiration"
"Right :-) The rookie was so scared to show his hand and he thought his two pairs weren’t good and thought he had lost.","approval"
"that is a rather attractive cartoon man","excitement"
"Communism advocates a stateless society. They just got kicked in the head into believing Private Property is bad.","disgust"
"Thank you for that. I just want to feel safe secure and loved just once.","gratitude"
"Thanks. That makes me feel a little less lazy and a little more responsible","gratitude"
"I make all my coffee at home because I don't like wasting money unless it's free at the bank","neutral"
"Great tip, thanks for this. Always just assumed I either used print screen, or the snip tool for copying specific things on screen.","admiration"
"Oh right. I can probably google it. I’m sure it’s in horrible taste, but I’m like dying to know now","neutral"
"I really get that, it's soooo disappointing. I hope he can make it up to you.","disgust"
"The point is, 9gag is more focused in providing fun and entertainment, Reddit is too busy changing the world.","amusement"
"Ive already tried praying for vagina - you will find me on my knees LOL","gratitude"
"That’s not very cash money of you","disapproval"
"What if gets in your belly button? And doesn't it trickle down the side?","neutral"
"Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.","neutral"
"The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.","neutral"
"Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.","gratitude"
"I honestly don’t remember anything about AS3 it’s all a blur after the bitcholer","approval"
"The perfect amount of salt for me","joy"
"I got angry briefly, made a post and got over it quick. Thanks for the diagnosis Doctor. 😆","anger"
"We will welcome you with open arms <3","caring"
"Time to go back to rolling your own, folks.","neutral"
"Not just commercial property owners. Large stakeholders such as HOAs of condo owners were also involved.","neutral"
"If she stole a wallet with an activated card, or something along those lines. Once it's purchased, it's stealable.","neutral"
"Ayy, the bottom one is mine!","approval"
"The positive side to this is i get to relive the same emotions that I felt losing my virginity....ever few months.","admiration"
"Here for [NAME], love this.","admiration"
"I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....","admiration"
"It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.","disapproval"
"Next drag superstar","neutral"
"thanks. I will read these","gratitude"
"Yes! Wonder how tall the girls will end up 😂","optimism"
"Let's be real, [NAME] is coming back.","realization"
"[NAME] she wanted this so badly to be a choosingbeggers.","annoyance"
"All this guy did was ask what a bronie was. I'm not understanding the hate","neutral"
"C'mon Mr [NAME], you're not going to eat all that watermelon.","neutral"
"He hasn't stopped clapping ever since","admiration"
"It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.","approval"
"It makes customers uncomfortable because we're calling them on their BS and this is the only way to get them to own up to it.","embarrassment"
"We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.","approval"
"If you know it's the right thing to do, it's better to "lose" that person than to "lose" that opportunity.","anger"
"My [NAME], check your corners people. I guess it's harder on console to let the team know though.","sadness"
"This is a guide to all major religions and their stance on vaccines.","neutral"
"U gotta work hard to get those virgins son.","admiration"
"Liverpool FC is valued at US$1.9b haha.","neutral"
"Are you actuslly a libertarian? This is some insane thedonald level shit. Is this still a libertarian board? Have I been duped?","confusion"
"Anzac day rules are even dumber","disappointment"
"So much for [NAME] being [NAME] shadow","neutral"
"you are my inspiration, read my last post quickly!","admiration"
"I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.","admiration"
"Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.","admiration"
"This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.","admiration"
"I hope it was somebody else's.","neutral"
"Idk how you can be definite about that considering [NAME] has never been rocked before.","neutral"
"Wow, nice article. It must have been very informative in 2011. here’s the 2018 update ","admiration"
"Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂","anger"
"Huh... interesting. Man, russia sure is pressing its borders out. Almost like it's looking for operating bases.","admiration"
"Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.","optimism"
"I'm not saying the dog might hurt her, im saying she might not know when it is appropriate to have the dog degend her","confusion"
"Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part. ","approval"
"Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.","approval"
"I've never seen anything this applied to more than that photo.","neutral"
"I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort ","admiration"
"I must not understand this","disappointment"
"Go your own way, loser. ","neutral"
"People who claim others lie often deflect the question when asked for proof. Grow up","caring"
"Yea I think I'm in that on Fetlife but was looking for something specifically on Reddit.","desire"
"If you ever wondered where ISIS got their method of killing homosexuals, wonder no more. Source: al-Jawab al-Kafi p. 260-263 as Quoted by Islamqa: ","surprise"
"Wow! Prayers for everyone there.","surprise"
"Oh you mean the time when the world was controlled by individual land owners who created their own states","neutral"
"I think my family would leave TSCC if that happened they are so sexiest.","neutral"
"He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL","joy"
"Glad you enjoyed! Come on down on Mondays. We have trivia and all the burgers are $6!","admiration"
"Ah yes thank u, now the image is very funny","amusement"
"You are not well-informed. Their policy is in accordance with language used in ITS OWN platform, not elsewhere. So no.","disappointment"
"Because I have no self-control and I hate myself.","remorse"
"[NAME] bless you. Some of us are barely hanging on...","caring"
"Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...","neutral"
"she disrespected [NAME], i dont like her","annoyance"
"Will quickly be removed from lobby screen but the game mode selection button will keep the annoying warning/advert.","neutral"
"IMO, he was an asshat during the tell all, too. He was all about wanting [NAME] to thank and respect him post C section.","neutral"
"Sorry you can’t enjoy things cause other people enjoy them lol. Your loss","amusement"
"Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?","disgust"
"Then the kids stole my entire house","anger"
"Looks like someone's got a bad case of the zoomies.","approval"
"leg-lock speaks to me in the most animalistic level","neutral"
"would make a great drop for a drum n bass track","disappointment"
"That's good eatin' mate.","neutral"
"F I had one for a few years. Good times.","excitement"
"oh stop IT","anger"
"Everyone has a right to fetish. Does not mean I cannot say “you deserve to be nailed to a cross” for it","neutral"
"It's a good thing that liopleurodon was actually only about six meters long and went extinct 155,000,000 years ago...","approval"
"Pretty sure this is how she'll learn to scream, "Mom! MOM! MOMMY! MOM!"","neutral"
"It seems hazy, and there’s been conflicting messages","disapproval"
"I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!","disappointment"
"Surely *some* of the "resistance" have kids and are at least slightly disgusted by this. ","neutral"
"Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.","approval"
"That's such a lazy way of looking at things.","annoyance"
"I'm not sure what you mean by 18th century family here but otherwise thanks.","confusion"
"It’s not easy hiding that Baby Huey diaper.","disappointment"
"Of course comrade! The question was intellectually stimulating.","neutral"
"I have nothing to say to you.","approval"
"So You're going to become India... Because immigrants... Dude... If you got nothing just say so.","disapproval"
"I miss [NAME]","remorse"
"You're good.","gratitude"
"soon i’ll have an army of karens and no one will be able to stop me","optimism"
"I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.","embarrassment"
"I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater","anger"
"[NAME] has been a lot better since he stopped doing Xanax with [NAME]","admiration"
"They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*","admiration"
"Hey there [NAME] what's it like in new york city","neutral"
"You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.","approval"
"Wait so the aboleth only kills you if you dont do what the dm says","grief"
"Given the horses ass you lot made of the last one, I think it’s best to put this idea on the back burner.","annoyance"
"You're really just having a field day today huh?","confusion"
"I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.","disapproval"
"These posts go in /r/DFWPets","neutral"
"... the eagle was chosen as the emblem of US in 1782. How are your timelines this messed up?","neutral"
"My gut feeling "what's wrong with his eyes?" on the second date. Should have listened.","neutral"
"You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.","disgust"
"good luck with your baby! i hope everything goes well for you and your SO lol","optimism"
"And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.","anger"
"I understand your frustration with [NAME] hate but [NAME] as a character though... /s","anger"
"LPT: If you need more money just get a better job that pays more!","desire"
"We are! Thank you!","gratitude"
"I think the longer the ass hair is the less I want it on my desk","neutral"
"People are very keen on this aspect. I’m not trying to tell anyone this problem is insurmountable. Just that making reasonable assessments is important.","approval"
"That video was so shaky I thought I had Cerebellar Hypoplasia for a minute.","nervousness"
"not in the slightest. im actually dumbfounded.","confusion"
"It's not my cousin's fault. It was actually me who set up the whole date.","neutral"
"shitposts are hazardous to your health.","neutral"
"Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].","embarrassment"
">"tanned" Thank you BBC, very cool!","gratitude"
"A lot of people seem really ticked off at the idea of an honourary doctorate.","anger"
"forget new buildings, i work at the chase plaza building and am a little bummed that seagram tower made it but this didnt.","neutral"
"Just cleaned my room","neutral"
"Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US","admiration"
"“An eye for an eye” Proceeds to take 2 things away from killers","neutral"
"Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!","amusement"
"i was thinking about your art earlier today, and now i've been blessed with this on my feed","realization"
"I wonder how that works if the seatbelt wouldn’t fit even if they were sitting in a regular seat? They only go so far, right?","neutral"
"Is freedom of expression a right or a law?","curiosity"
"now youre literally just spouting talking points. its almost like youre just here to promote a political party.","neutral"
"Thank you sis!","gratitude"
"Is that [NAME]?","neutral"
"It shouldn't be, I feel like that's happened to us many times! ","disapproval"
"glad to see youtubes "family friendly" robots have their priorities straight. ","approval"
"Looks extra creepy in light of the recent revelations about his campaign.","neutral"
"I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.","sadness"
"Wow I’m dealing with this too been blocked for a while miss them tremendously but no dice only choice is moving on","realization"
"After a few tequila in a dark alley in Mexico, yeah In a restaurant, nah","neutral"
"SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(","fear"
"This is how mafia works","neutral"
"The best feeling ever was when class was over and it never got to your turn, so you didnt have to present until the next day","joy"
"I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].","admiration"
"Thank you for sharing, I hope your mum can find a partner :)","gratitude"
"It's a shame cause I spent countless hours squading up on BF1, then played the BF5 beta with high expectations only to be very let down.","disappointment"
"People who had theirs stolen or bought a base model with crappy wheels","neutral"
"There's really no need to test for congenital defects with a mixed breed.","disapproval"
"[Did you really love the outcast cat in the photograph; editorializing is no longer permitted.","disapproval"
"The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.","annoyance"
"Oohhooo that's cold (& very good!)! 🤣","neutral"
"Wow she said that? Let me just #red flag","confusion"
"Yo bud take a breather. It’s just b-ball","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] I forgot about that movie","realization"
"FYI!!","neutral"
"That’s because [NAME] thinks he’s the man oin this team. [NAME] I can’t wait till he’s gone","neutral"
"I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600","disappointment"
"As I’ve said in other comments, the increase in the cost of carbon makes it regressive. The rebates make them progressive.","neutral"
"Only time the police get any love","realization"
"Nothings better then 2 teams that know exactly wut happend/parents that saw the game two coaches and a ref no good lawyer needed rlly just those people to talk","realization"
"Wait so the aboleth only kills you if you dont do what the dm says","annoyance"
"I understand your frustration with [NAME] hate but [NAME] as a character though... /s","realization"
"I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO","fear"
"[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous","disappointment"
"The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.","annoyance"
"[NAME] woulda been better smh","approval"
"Haha I was thinking Utah but... Florida makes sense too. There’s a few crazy states 🤷🏼‍♀️","confusion"
"Shocking isn’t it","realization"
"Lol the lefties are gonna see their arses over this!","joy"
"happy to help","joy"
"A lot of injury history for these players. I hate to count on them.","caring"
"It would be an atrocity to bring him back, I think the F.O will be forced to bring in someone else.","neutral"
"I’m Waiting for Dr [NAME] to bring back Celebrity Rehab so her and [NAME] can be on it.","amusement"
"love that they're giving Spicy P a chance","caring"
"Losing to cruz azul smh","fear"
"Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.","admiration"
"There is nothing this Government could cut that wouldn't upset someone. Sorry, but weez broke.","disappointment"
"With Everyday passing day without a good signing I feel like we got robbed in this trade","disapproval"
"Das pretty sweet. No-look throw!","admiration"
"explain Hudson bay edit: not to say Florida flooding wouldn't be welcome change","curiosity"
"So, the kicker... her brother played on Xbox so that's the console she had claimed to play on!","neutral"
"Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.","disapproval"
"We're not a cult, so long as he apologizes and sees the fault in his actions, I see no reason to ban him.","optimism"
"Spiritual shorthand. You nailed it. That term says it all. They've become so practiced in it that it has become meaningless.","admiration"
"Child labor laws are ruining this country","approval"
"I love [NAME]","love"
"I’m 40 and I’ve never lied about my age or weight. People take themselves so seriously!","annoyance"
"From a quick glance this account would seem to be glowing","neutral"
"Yep. And if the reaction to the CovCath psyop is any indication there will be riots when her retirement or death is announced.","neutral"
"U will hate it shortly","annoyance"
"Is this Engraze?","neutral"
"I’m sorry to inform you that this man is an imposter. I’m actually undercover atm.","remorse"
"Us girls are taught to always be polite. Screw that, safety is more important.","admiration"
"Bisexuality does not and never has implied gender preference. Assuming that is perpetuating biphobia.","disapproval"
"8 hour old spam account of the forum incel buttcoin troll.","neutral"
"Damn sorry to hear bro. You guys still friends though?","remorse"
"Thanks lol someone else just filled me in on the backstory haha 😂","amusement"
"1. They don't understand football fundamentals. They play [NAME]. 2. They are short and want someone to identify with.","anger"
"I wake up as a girl everyday. A girl with a penis, huge hands, hair like fucking everywhere, no tiddy, and an unwelcome boner.","neutral"
"I just hope [NAME] isn't pulling the wagon. Would hate for her to throw up.","annoyance"
"Utah is a beautiful state. I’ll give you that. I spent a week at Bear Lake and it was pretty amazing.","admiration"
"he stopped talking to me 🤷🏼‍♀️","neutral"
"So juicy i'm surprised the man from Del Monte isn't knocking at his door.","excitement"
"I have [NAME] hat so I could marry it, flip it and kill it","annoyance"
"That made me laugh and if my mum’s mind was still here she’d laugh too!","joy"
"Neat sub idea! I like it.","admiration"
"this is painful","sadness"
"For real tho let's dump our powerplay coach","neutral"
"It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!","neutral"
"Copy pasta?","neutral"
"Broncos one was harder being state rivals and us being spoken of as possible contenders, only to get smashed after taking an early lead","approval"
"Thank you. Ignore the morons who have never heard of lactose intolerance.","gratitude"
"Sorry I meant to link it but completely forgot :>","embarrassment"
"Takes a lot of courage to admit they are autistic online. Nice to see you worked up the courage buddy!","gratitude"
"And file a report if she doesnt cancel it when i confront her. Thanks for the advice though it’s well appreciated","gratitude"
"[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.","approval"
">Allow insurance to not pay for treatment of diseases with known vaccinations and to raise rates on antivaxxers *Genius!*","admiration"
"Such bullshit. Reloading components included? Not that they'd let that stand in subsequent laws if it is.","anger"
"yeah i heard the therm used before but not in the same context as this one.But here it just makes me burst out laughing","amusement"
"Which is bizarre because [NAME] actually dubbed those scenes back in the day, but they apparently never used them ever.","confusion"
"You have to assert dominance or they'll never learn.","neutral"
"Tigres ruining players /s","neutral"
"Yes, that's what I'm confused about. Playing RE5 solo.","confusion"
"This just made me feel so much better about myself :)","joy"
"She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):","admiration"
"I'm so sorry","sadness"
"[NAME] is a creeper and hangs out with underage girls n shit.","neutral"
"Must be why I'm alive. That sucks.","disappointment"
"I actually don't remember the last time I applied sunscreen to any part of my body","neutral"
"My fans on patreon will be rewarded soon","neutral"
"Following ya for updates. I hope they catch them soon!","optimism"
"We’re some spoiled [NAME].","neutral"
"Fuck yeah, I eighteenth this. ","excitement"
"Honestly could be faster to just install ublock real quick.","approval"
"Significantly better in my estimation. [NAME] = [NAME] [NAME] = [NAME]","approval"
"I took a picture of the sunrise this morning too. Just north of Austin. It was very pretty today.","admiration"
"Just give me 20 million dollars and let me retire early. gg wp life","desire"
"News just in from the incident last week. He's still in serious condition.","sadness"
"Pikachu shocked.jpg I hope we give him a fair chance and he succeeds","optimism"
"I don't know that [NAME] is the best choice for dating.","neutral"
"And I thought we had 50, *five-pointed* stars on the flag?","neutral"
"Exceptions prove rules","neutral"
"Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.","disgust"
"Now that’s impressive. Our fuzz understands what the knob does, but he can’t turn it.","neutral"
"Posting Onion Boy here is basically cheating.","disapproval"
"Allow Ireland to become a colony of the UK, outside the EU?","confusion"
"“My- my god I- it is time for me to bear children.”","anger"
"Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)","admiration"
"If you can't see how the mass killing of Landlords is related to Communist ideology, there is really no point discussing further.","annoyance"
"Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped","annoyance"
"Always thought [NAME] spear look lethal...especially compared to someone like [NAME].","neutral"
"Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.","sadness"
"Weird... maybe he was offended that the store had security in the neighborhood because it was so nice. People baffle me.","neutral"
"Ha at least you’re in on the joke.","amusement"
"[NAME], I love the Expanse so much. Next to Mindhunter, Daredevil, and Breaking Bad, I've never enjoyed a series like those 4.","joy"
"Clamato? I see you Canada. And I like it. By the way, we need Wonderbars here in the US. Thanks","neutral"
"Really easy for the burglars tho","neutral"
"Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.","neutral"
"Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you","approval"
"So it’s part of a series? Because I feel like [NAME] is in every other video game in this art style","neutral"
"How many hours of maintenance do they really need to do every night? I feel like they just want to cut costs and tell us it's impossible.","curiosity"
"Is it just me, or do these children look really uncomfortable around the Duggars? The smiles look forced...","curiosity"
"[NAME] I hope this permanent.","desire"
"I am not a competent till member, I am an ignorant member of the public. ","realization"
"The lads put in excellent shift over the Christmas fair dues lads. Thanks for keeping on top of things. Delighted online shopper :)","gratitude"
"Well, guess [NAME] wife is cheating on him.","neutral"
"Yeah, but you get the honor back for skinning them as 'Resourceful'","neutral"
"Absolutely... pretty ridiculous dt. I’m in [NAME]","admiration"
"_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...","disappointment"
"Fuuuck, brutal","anger"
"From my experience, doctors are generally understanding and they study psychological issues as part of their education. Be honest if they make a wrong assumption, though.","neutral"
"It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.","admiration"
"See, the problem is that you're not attractive enough. Pretty people like him don't have mental issues.","neutral"
"[NAME] also tends to out vote [NAME] in polls in my experience","neutral"
"Weird flex but ok","disgust"
"[NAME] shoots 2-10 but shakes his legs around after dunking like hes doing something this game","neutral"
"Men find that attractive because it's distinctly feminine. Well, let me add, women who love women love it for the same reason. ","love"
"I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.","amusement"
"It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.","anger"
"YOU HAVE JUST DECAPITATED [NAME]!","neutral"
"Absolutely horrible.","disgust"
"I want my fucking cake back.","anger"
"I would think I was in a horror movie and lock the doors. Lol","fear"
"Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.","approval"
"That’s what I suspected. Will be interesting to see if they can steal some wins against the top teams in the league.","approval"
"I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes","annoyance"
"Oh my god, who in the world eats their cracker without its Shell? Simply disgusting, didn't even had to ask. Smh","confusion"
"Thank you! It will help a lot","gratitude"
"I want to hug both of them.","desire"
"This guy here","approval"
"Not OP, but this is a really great response and I'm saving it on my computer for a rainy day. Thank you.","gratitude"
"Ahhh yes the, their all Russian controlled bots play, a classic in the last few years","approval"
"A place I used to work had this blown up about twelve feet wide. I'd get physically nauseated looking at it","neutral"
"Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.","gratitude"
"Lol- nah, she is pretty cool as far as that goes. She loves hosting people. 95% of her wardrobe is [NAME] though :(","admiration"
"[NAME] is amazing.","amusement"
"Did you see the Beauty News video about it? One of their Estee Lauder products turned out to have been expired before they even bought it 🤢","annoyance"
"It was when oil prices were higher. It’s primary export is petrol and the market slumping is hurting","neutral"
"...by the same person even","neutral"
"Of course he does lol. Not very often, but he definitely has to block from time to time. ","amusement"
"He's basically telling the Lakers to come and get him","neutral"
"Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent ","annoyance"
"What's your point? All these comments are from people who clearly had not seen it before. Only a couple said they had.","curiosity"
"Are you looking for clear blocks of ice or just plain blocks?","neutral"
"Not a particularly in-depth article, but I thought it was a worthwhile follow-up to the recent post about police ticketing people outside Tim Hortons.","neutral"
"Go on...","caring"
"That comment reads like something out of a circlejerk sub. I can't believe it was said unironically","disappointment"
"Awful tattoo , looks like a child ! Get your money back and money for laser treatment.","neutral"
"I met bf of 3 yrs on it","realization"
"No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao","amusement"
"I wanna know about the sky being LCD! You ever hear the one about the [NAME] faking the return of [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Prayer is absolutely in the (written) Torah. The specific prayers are derived by the Gemara.","neutral"
"This hit a little too close to home","neutral"
"As much as I'd love to say it's mine, sadly I can't","love"
"Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.","disappointment"
"I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.","annoyance"
"Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.","annoyance"
"Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!","anger"
"Yesssss!!! [NAME] would be awesome!!! I also alternate between these two shows! So good.","admiration"
"Your girlfriend looks so Irish! You guys are cute as fuck.","admiration"
"don’t you do it!!","disapproval"
"The American way is to show some empathy for others come on dude","approval"
"She doesn’t have to be added to the game for her to be significant, [NAME] was just an extreme example.","neutral"
"> Did [NAME] join another mvp Yes","neutral"
"Wtf is a weeb","anger"
"There is no Mrs [NAME]. Unless you count his sister.","disapproval"
"It's on here daily. Karma whores eh?","neutral"
"Ways to fool others into believing you didn't lose your eyes in a horrible accident","neutral"
"Now ask me if I care. It's irritating and stupid.","anger"
"Two recent","neutral"
"I'm sorry to break the news to you. :(","remorse"
"It does say as well that average waist size increased 2.6" in 21 years ","neutral"
"Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be","disapproval"
"Last game I think someone said it well, "[NAME] like a toddler in an NBA Pro's body. ","neutral"
"Ice looks fine on my TV","neutral"
"[NAME], just admit your were mad.","annoyance"
"Intentional fouling in basketball too thiugh","disappointment"
"So your Dad is actually incognito. Well played.","annoyance"
"This is nasty NSFW","disgust"
"Finally, I can sit on another person’s lap and have them not be disgusted","disgust"
"Thanks for the info, I was thinking the same.","gratitude"
"The fact that this podcast isn't called "Z-Targeting Dio's Balls" disappoints me greatly.","disappointment"
"It's titled "Manhattan!!" And Yankee stadium in *the Bronx* is the only non-Manhattan location ID'd. Classic moron.","neutral"
"Nah them mom wanted to see a lady strip for her and her daughter","desire"
"Science damn you!","anger"
"Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?","anger"
"It WaSn'T TrUe CoMuNiSm !!!!! Derp It WaS StAtE CaPiTaLiSm!!! /s","disapproval"
"It surprises me that he's a mod some days...","surprise"
""Acsended incels" are fakecels. Truecels like me never ascend and will never ascend. If youre goodlooking enough to have ascended then you were never incel.","neutral"
"I read this while taking a sip of tea. Bad idea","neutral"
"I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.","neutral"
"Looks kinda lame","annoyance"
"I'm surprised that this is still happening despite the threats of an invasion of manbij.","surprise"
"Yup, it may not look like much but it’s still statistically significant. That’s really bad for something being decided by a coin toss.","disapproval"
"I still can't believe those guys got nominated.","surprise"
"Yep [NAME] and BIG for the next two seasons will be so fun to watch","excitement"
"We did UK rejected it or only cut so much","annoyance"
"True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.","sadness"
"I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me. ","fear"
"Sex is more trouble than its worth just stay inside and send your mind to another dimension.","neutral"
"> [NAME] That is going to get sooo confusing if he does join our division.","confusion"
"I am more of a dumbass for building a $2500 308 AR-10 for my first rifle... regret it but just not willing to sell it till this day","sadness"
"The ID cards wouldn't have been a problem if they were like the EU one. It was the fuckload of biometric data that was abhorrent.","anger"
"[NAME] would like a word.","neutral"
"Shit musta been bad for him.","neutral"
"She knows you only want them vaxxed so they're weaker and will be easier to seduce!!!!!","approval"
"Aww, try mindfulness. I think I am going over to that sub now.","neutral"
"Doy, that was silly of me 😅 Thankfully we’ll never be around her ! ","relief"
"I want to see that too, but we all know it's not going to happen.","disappointment"
"Now maybe :)","neutral"
"Baby mama was a comedy about this- but with a much happier ending","joy"
"Probably because he is in a spiderman suit and is planning on doing something funny.","neutral"
"Thanks so much, I appreciate the feedback and will send it along the way.","admiration"
"In evolutionary terms you're a "Fuck it I'll fertilize a tree"","neutral"
"If you are advocating some voluntary form of socialism then we have no beef.","neutral"
"Omg does anyone have a video of this","amusement"
"Jersey turnpike and that area of I95 is full of lunatics/selfish drivers. Credentials: I live, work with, and am related to them.","caring"
"Well the left wants to defend [RELIGION]. Good, now that they’re on your side of the table. Own it, or denounce it","admiration"
"Her name is [NAME].","neutral"
"Oh, [NAME] ","neutral"
"Just saw your history. Makes complete sense now. Your a trumptroll. Bye.","neutral"
"Shoes in flesh-matching nude are as bad as leggings in flesh-matching nude","neutral"
"[NAME] will get booed at home after a golden sombrero in May while hitting .230 and [NAME] and [NAME] putting up big numbers elsewhere.","disappointment"
"This comment is very good and all but it got me thinking, *are* pizzas a type of tire?","admiration"
"I always associate it with a 1985 Ford Taurus going 100 miles per hour down the shoulder lane.","neutral"
"My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!","approval"
"For fucking real. That is not normal behavior for anyone over the age of 15 and it's totally cringey","disappointment"
"Yare yare daze","neutral"
"01/11/19 - pretty easy to remember as it is the day my band released it's first full length record. The release day gig was also pretty neat!","admiration"
"Chronicles of Elyria seems interesting","excitement"
"Excellent, I was wondering about [NAME] the moron recently.","admiration"
"Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.","approval"
"This would have been a perfect test of those Katyushua rocket water dispensers.","approval"
"What's this from?","confusion"
"What's the problem? The worst aspect is the DRM which is easily circumvented, and of course giving money to Amazon ","confusion"
"I'M LITERALLY DEAD","sadness"
"Weird flex, but ok","neutral"
"Can I stay with you if I fly down next season?","neutral"
"I'd keep taking it. The side effects should go away soon. Paxil has been the only med that helped me.","neutral"
"What happened? I can’t stop thinking about this post. Her poor family. Those kids. 😢","curiosity"
"I'm so happy for you !","joy"
"He’s had nightmares ever since the storm","neutral"
"I just wish he got more screen time. Im enjoying this season but I feel like the huge cast of side characters get all the attention.","admiration"
"no, educate yourself like an anarchist. ","optimism"
"Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.","admiration"
"I wish I had a name","desire"
"It's not exactly controversial that getting up early sucks balls, unless you're five and it's Christmas","disappointment"
"Thank you for this ❤️❤️🦵🏼","gratitude"
"I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!","admiration"
"Wow, is it March 24th, 2018 already?","excitement"
"It’s fitting. All things Considered.","approval"
"It would need immediate medical attention and hospitalisation. Might be fatal due to liver failure.","neutral"
"Left handers are rejoicing over this","excitement"
"I will never forgive and never forget for this one","anger"
"Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped","disapproval"
"Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...","disappointment"
"I had the same thought, I didn’t see anything notable about this at all.","realization"
"I bet you 1 reddit gold that [NAME] and [NAME] have a better combined ERA than [NAME] and [NAME] in 2019. Barring any major injuries","neutral"
"This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?","neutral"
"The day I die is the day I'm happy","joy"
"True! He probably is just lonely. Thank you for the kind words :)","approval"
"Are you afraid of [NAME]?","curiosity"
"lol, this is so much me, I'm actually loling and not just typing it. :D","amusement"
"thanks. I really hope it does get better","gratitude"
"I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED","desire"
"It seems like that’s what a lot of people are expecting.","realization"
"You credit yourself with acheivment you do not deserve. Not a first and defenitely wont be the last time.","annoyance"
"True.. but it just seems weird that of all the ways [NAME] could have died in that throne room, he was killed by being cut in half. ","neutral"
"I guess we should ban birds too.","desire"
"The timing of the run","neutral"
"... but he LOVES you. Perfect.","approval"
"> it should be clear to an decent and mentally apt person which side is obviously the worst That's a rather centrist opinion you hold there buddy /s","neutral"
"I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.","admiration"
"The game is pretty fun with items tho. Just obviously too random for esports","approval"
"I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.","neutral"
"By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)","neutral"
"Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].","sadness"
"Anyone staying up for [NAME] [NAME]? Probably gonna go in and out of sleep watching on the couch","curiosity"
"Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.","sadness"
"As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.","love"
"Lawful VS chaotic","neutral"
"Welcome aboard! May your pies be round and crusts be kissed with char.","caring"
"12 players had points! Everyone except [NAME] had a shot on goal!","disappointment"
"[NAME], Thank you!","gratitude"
"Now all we need is to beat them in the playoffs one last time and win the super bowl THEN I'll be able to be happy","optimism"
"Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.","approval"
"True! Remember the geocentric universe? Oh man, they even put [NAME] in jail. What a hoot!","neutral"
"Yeah I was citing the wrong statistic here. Thanks for posting this.","gratitude"
"I would think they probably couldn’t take it if you tried","disapproval"
"shut up, [NAME]!","anger"
"Absolutely not. What if a girl did this to you? Instant turn off. She doesn't seem interested. Keep the communication face-to-face at this point.","neutral"
"I can’t wait until they start coloring in between the lines all the way up to their noses.","disapproval"
"> I thought he didn't actually collect the second He lost the second imo.","neutral"
"Fuuuuck that's rough","annoyance"
"I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !","love"
"What do you mean by gaps?","neutral"
"You mean 0.08 - at 0.8 you'd be dead about twice over","fear"
"Cute and acts like a puppy but sexy at the same time. Totally exists btw","admiration"
"Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well ","neutral"
"Probably but we kind of need a lefty though to pair with caleb. Maybe [NAME] steps up again but you know we need more options.","neutral"
"yeah, they both suck... i am not a customer of either, and never will be again.","annoyance"
"I’m literally shaking right now😫","sadness"
"if it's "unavailable" it's deffo not from the cold lol :D","amusement"
"Bruh fox and heild look like the same dude","excitement"
"i feel we can all relate","approval"
"“It’s fine guys, she’s 500 years old”","approval"
"Define woman please if you're not going to use the accepted denotation.","neutral"
"There are far better thinkers. As one critic put it, "[NAME] either says something new but not true or true but not new." ","neutral"
"Much less legal racism, much more corruption, crime, dysfunction, decay etc","neutral"
"Just keep trying. Dont give up! If you are getting numbers that is half the battle...seriously.","caring"
"Subsidies and tax breaks, same as here","realization"
"Prices there appear lower than Banff and it would only be a short drive, thanks! I'll continue my research into Canmore.","approval"
"UGH ME TOO! Eager to wake up with mania, any day now.","neutral"
"Fascism doesn't even exist in America. [NAME], these kids are so sheltered. ","gratitude"
"Thanks China.","gratitude"
"IMO there are quite a few jobs that are criminally underpaid, but that's just me.","neutral"
"Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.","desire"
"If [NAME] has similar role to end year then no way am I taking those over him ...especially Sony","neutral"
"If he hits you and constantly degrades you, it's abuse","disgust"
"Aversion towards Jewry is pretty rare in [RELIGION]. For the most part [NAME] are held in high esteem when compared against other [NAME].","approval"
"FUCK LES BRUNS","annoyance"
"As a 29 year old newly married man, I still do some cringey stuff from time to time. ","realization"
"Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)","joy"
"Happy caketh day","joy"
"You don’t see a parallel between the two scenarios?","curiosity"
"Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.","disgust"
"doesn’t mean you could assume you committed a crime","disapproval"
"It's rigor mortis but don't change it haha it's funny, good r/boneappletea material","amusement"
"♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫","love"
"Yeah really! Lol if you go like six months of the year withought it why start again?","neutral"
"Wow, I said he doesn't have any respect, it's not exactly proving my point to show how little you have, but thanks anyways.","annoyance"
"Right, but their wages *are* lower *because* they get tipped.","neutral"
"I love the people who confuse this sub for some kind of "intellectual" gathering lmao","love"
"its petty revenge to a [NAME] who's too nice to commit to petty revenge","annoyance"
"July 15, 1996: Yanks to the Rescue! The Secret Story of How American Advisors Helped [NAME] Win","neutral"
"Happy Easter everyone!!","joy"
"It would hilarious, but also kind of sad.","amusement"
"That is in no way sexual harrassment...","disapproval"
"Yeah, I was thinking my boy was into them before that. But I doubt Panic! At the Disco would have peaked his interest.","disappointment"
"She doesn't sound like a good girlfriend then, assuming you've done nothing to warrant such jealousy.","sadness"
"There's three ways to do things. The right way, the wrong way, and the Max Power way. ","confusion"
"Don't have the light novels. Heard the translation was pretty bad on them but I discovered that Manga earlier today.","neutral"
"That was very interesting. Thanks for effort to write this up!","admiration"
"This is oddly fitting now you have to do DR2 and V3","approval"
"Welcome to the club....","gratitude"
"Aw, man, with that title, I was hoping for good old-fashioned corporal punishment, like back in the 1700s. ","optimism"
"What if [NAME] shows up? I heard he loves Mexican food.","confusion"
"It's catdog's parents","neutral"
"4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.","annoyance"
"Oh, it’s only made them more determined to invent the “creepy [NAME]” narrative themselves.","fear"
"which is the very issue because he banned me","anger"
"Please no.","neutral"
"Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?","curiosity"
"You don't have to act angry about things that annoy you, though. ","neutral"
"Baby mama was a comedy about this- but with a much happier ending","neutral"
"I would vote no to a United Ireland because the Republic doesn't have a free health service and no free prescriptions","annoyance"
"I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?","neutral"
"Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo","amusement"
"[NAME] won it last year, even with all our goal kickers. Didn't think it would happen again with our set up.","optimism"
"[NAME] this makes me feel ancient.","annoyance"
"The beautiful moment when Fridays and Sundays are your set days off and you have the PTO to cover Saturday 👍🏻","admiration"
"Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.","desire"
"Wait you confuse me , [NAME] orb can be deflected , unsure on the healing one tho [NAME] dash CD is 7 second not 11","confusion"
"She had really bad chronic back pain from what I can remember, so was self treating with alcohol","neutral"
"Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not","fear"
"Same. And then cried a little.","sadness"
"keep tha hard work man, we (artifact community) are lucky to have you supporting the game.","gratitude"
"Option 1. If I'm ever stranded somewhere the only I'll need to worry about is finding fresh water.","neutral"
"Is this season 7? I don't remember it.","curiosity"
"stepping on the beach *dodo doot doot doo* > stepping in water > stepping on legos","joy"
"[NAME] and [NAME] ... I guess we drank a little too much...","amusement"
"wow, here in Brazil people say the opposite of this phrase, also makes me mad","surprise"
"You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.","disgust"
"My thoughts exactly. Love me some malicious compliance.","approval"
"Thankkks and np","gratitude"
"Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud! ","remorse"
"I'm so happy for you and so, so, so proud of you. It's HARD to talk to your doctor about this stuff.","joy"
"Thanks mate. I'm going to repeat your words to myself until I start believing them. Thanks for giving me a bit of hope :)","gratitude"
"Isn't he still in contention for the Miami HC job? And if not, Dallas would block it.","neutral"
"Agree! Poor girls! They seem so sweet.","approval"
"Daily Wire is a hate site, and [NAME] is a bigot.","neutral"
"Super boogers is one of the super weird and oddly satisfying parts of recovery imo.","realization"
"Oh and I forgot to add: he doesn't take your money and become a financial burden on your life","neutral"
"That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.","approval"
"I miss the [NAME] and [NAME] love story.","neutral"
"Hey now, don’t try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub. ","annoyance"
"During [NAME] and [NAME] cross examination, [NAME] never contested the finding of the key. Never accused them of planting anything. ","neutral"
"There to busy guzzling down Russian propoganda , to enact a final solution on tmor.","neutral"
"No probs. I'm going to see if some of the smaller communities can add it as a resource to their tabs","neutral"
"I'm not sure what you're talking about. He removed his name off the records long ago.","confusion"
"Praying to [NAME] 😂😂😂 I'm going to use that!","approval"
"Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.","fear"
"She's just fighting off the MoMo hate bandwagon","surprise"
"You can, but it won’t do anything for your ugly personality.","disgust"
"[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy. ","love"
"I wish I could hear Waves with earbuds/headphones for the first time again","desire"
"Sorry, I swapped back to Canada unclearly, to respond to the comments about it.","remorse"
"You're friends with their cat. They just happen to be there when you come round.","neutral"
"Funny how reddit works","amusement"
"yeah sounds like you're thinking real hard on it. Stop wasting peoples time theres folks in actual need for help. And this sub isnt for that","neutral"
"> started making excuses That was my first guess. They are under capitalized. Now they are deflecting the blame.","neutral"
"I was banned for criticizing the authoritarian mods and now I’m back! Feels good to have the subreddit return to the principles of freedom of expression.","joy"
"A cat at rest will stay at rest until it wishes to engage kill mode.","neutral"
">I Shouldn't have to explain this By all means, please do","neutral"
"Nice ovation when he first checked in and after the tribute video. Also made some noise when he hit a 3 late.","approval"
"This sub is a fever dream","optimism"
"I have faith that she will realise she deserves better. She's a strong lady.","neutral"
"Seems like [NAME] got shot by the **japanising beam**","neutral"
"If you date another bisexual, you can date a woman without figuring out how straight people date!","neutral"
"Rape cases are up in Chicago too. It's just a reflection of more people reporting them rather than there actually being more rapes.","realization"
"FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.","neutral"
"I SAW THIS ORION IN HALF, AND WITH THE POWER OF SPEAR SPAM,,,,, :DDD","neutral"
"My mom says she's seen this guy out there doing this since she was a young girl.","neutral"
"As a lover of PG and Scrubs, I've not seen this one. What a genius tongue in cheek celebration to [NAME], [NAME] and PG.","admiration"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** melodesign! ^(hug)","joy"
"I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!","annoyance"
"Actually, fascism is considered a far-right ideology. Most tenets of fascism are incompatible with Marxist ideology, just fyi.","approval"
"Neither does she because her lips are too large to talk","embarrassment"
"Well reality exists therefore [NAME] is reality. Checkmate, atheist.","neutral"
"Thats true. Those kinds of drinks can give you a heart attack.","caring"
""Ma'am, thanks for buying the twine. Have a nice day"","admiration"
"Maybe? Must’ve been one intense game of [NAME]. ‍♀️","curiosity"
"I'm just now realizing that I married a covert narc.","realization"
"You just posted the same thing but made it worse.","anger"
"When we have tens of millions starving or dying of thirst, at least you will still have the moral 'high ground'.","disappointment"
"There is something legitimately wrong with you","admiration"
"Wowowowow!!!! I’ve been campaigning for [NAME] too!","excitement"
"Just keep a spray bottle of rubbing alcohol on hand! It melts the ice and doesn't freeze.","caring"
"Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.","fear"
"I hated [NAME], but only because I thought he was good and played for the Cowboys. I feel the same way about [NAME] and [NAME]. ","admiration"
"Asuelu nailed it.","neutral"
"I thought you said it was last night. But looking back now it's this weekend. well go get'em tiger.","confusion"
"I've eaten some really strange stuff and the only reason to eat this is to see if it is gross.","disgust"
"Meth is a hell of a drug.","neutral"
"I have no idea what "[NAME]" is. These billion and one denominations are getting kind of ridiculous.","annoyance"
"I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.","love"
"An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.","surprise"
"People have ate up Dorions lies about it. It's such gaslighting it's amazing.","neutral"
"Yes, absolutely. "But woe to the one who betrays me. It would have been better for that man, if he had never been born."","approval"
"I mean if you wanna have more kids you should pay more, not less.. I’m not forcing anyone to have children","disapproval"
"That’d be lovely. Although now I have to root for AD to the Lakers which makes my chest hurt","admiration"
"Thank you! Well put I am not the best at putting my thoughts into words so well said thank you that was the point I was going for!","gratitude"
"Why did you post my autobiography","curiosity"
"Don't you feel embarrassed at all that your country answers to a country literally opposite of the world from yours?","curiosity"
"That kid comes out of nowhere, it looks like he appeared right next to the woman like he teleported. ","neutral"
"just read it... how do these people get away with such garbage decisions.","neutral"
"Logic and facts are verboten on that sub. Truly bizarre that people are that sensitive.","annoyance"
"The only thing I know is that none of us don't know anything","confusion"
"It's called Middle Class Syndrome. "Bad things happen to *other people*."","annoyance"
"If anyone deserves one...","curiosity"
"Scary times we live in.","fear"
"[NAME]!","anger"
"haha, actually haha","amusement"
"Would be a great pick up tbh","admiration"
"Lest go CHO","neutral"
"This is the worst thing I've ever seen. Take my upvote.","anger"
"That's a hot pic Shame she'll kill us all","admiration"
"> take already pretty average ingredients and add more stuff that actually makes the sandwich worse like Primanti's. Hahaha this is a great way to describe Primantis.","amusement"
"What’s all this [NAME] business? Edit: Thanks for the info below everyone 😇","curiosity"
"These are the guys who eventually shoot up banks and hide 13 year olds under their beds.","neutral"
"But when you do, just remember that trick so you don’t have to take your break or get an RI. ","caring"
"Ignorance is strength.","neutral"
"Jajaja (hahaha)","amusement"
"Pull back too far while using too short of an arrow.","neutral"
"I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read","confusion"
"Nobody does that!","neutral"
"Good news: this is shark tale not finding Nemo","neutral"
"Thanks for the compliment","gratitude"
"I know, I know, but CAN YOU BLAME ME FOR BEING NERVOUS","fear"
"They mean “wholesome”, not “‘nice.”","optimism"
"I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted","excitement"
"I don’t know about romance, but I can certainly speak for the [NAME]","approval"
"They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven. ","disappointment"
"Oh man, how about when they played We Will Rock You to seemingly coordinate the "ref you suck" cheer. The crowd was awesome last night.","joy"
"She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!","admiration"
"Here's the authors blog.","neutral"
"You have my support.","caring"
"Didn't he say [NAME] should cave and give [NAME] his wall money?","confusion"
"Couldn't really fit this as a "how to," does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source: ","annoyance"
"You do, you forget it all & bam something reminds you and it all comes screaming back. Breathe in truth, breathe out bullsh...","realization"
"> It's a bad precedent to start once this community grows. Community does what?","disappointment"
"I do take Vitamin C, daily. I purchased some probiotics yesterday. Hope those will help. ","neutral"
"one who retires at night weeping shall find joy in the morning.","neutral"
"Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again","annoyance"
"I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.","admiration"
"As the Dark Lord [NAME] commands.","neutral"
"You're right! What a nightmare.","approval"
"Always look before you jump.","neutral"
"Perfect. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Mediocrity? We were just in the nfc chamionship game. As far as NFL franchises go, the Vikings are far from mediocre","neutral"
"Choking/strangulation is one of the strongest predictors of more severe future violence. Absolutely press charges and take whatever other steps you need to be safe.","approval"
"Think there's a very good chance [NAME] gets hurt and we see [NAME] at SS and [NAME] at 2B every day.","approval"
"i had one but it kept buffering and drove me nuts, caved and went to a lakers stream :/","neutral"
"I'm hopeful for [NAME] as well!","neutral"
"At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol","amusement"
"Woah, cool!","surprise"
"This thread is a good indicator that Canada has a ton of racists who also love Reddit.","gratitude"
"This Most of my sexual knowledge/techniques come from porn. But it‘s impossible to hide the fact that you‘re inexperienced.","embarrassment"
"The way him and his mom talk to each other is like a little boy and his Mommy!","amusement"
"I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.","annoyance"
"[NAME] is so eloquent! Loved that scene","love"
"he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.","annoyance"
"I've seen AOCs ridiculous proposals","annoyance"
"My phone was in the car while I was at the pool in NC and it happened to me guess I am actually in Australia","neutral"
"Cook it in a round dish. The taste got confused because of corners","disapproval"
"Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..","optimism"
"That username lmao","amusement"
"I feel like that might be every 2 years instead of every year","approval"
"Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.","optimism"
"We had cheap rings. He threw his out the back door during a bad fight. I flushed mine.","neutral"
"Girls gotta stick together.","neutral"
"We need a bench and a coach that realizes six foot three players aren’t small forwards.","realization"
"You have to leave the house.","anger"
"Congratulations and by the way, you’re not fat, you are down to earth.","admiration"
"Shout out to the two messy bots","disappointment"
"It's the issue with a lot of 'activists' who think all's they have to do is exist.","neutral"
"I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol","desire"
"And now, I would imagine it's impossible to own a Maserati without people constantly asking you if it goes 185.","optimism"
"The most important part of a sacrifice is the innocence of the victim. (Even we [NAME] belive that). The unborn are the most innocent.","admiration"
"Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!","excitement"
"I haven't heard that name in SO LONG. They had this GBA game that was one of my favorite games of all time!","love"
"I love your response. I wish I were this witty.","desire"
"That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.","disapproval"
"It really sucks people are downvoting you just because they were worried about blowing themselves up just like us nova bomb users.","annoyance"
"I had no idea someone could actually be this stupid. > capitalism.","annoyance"
"You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA","grief"
"I was convinced that you can just use one of the above. If you clean up just like the truck in the back of one person beat him.","neutral"
"2nd one resounds with me so much, I rarely realize how little I trust other people to do any task lol","realization"
"Imagine not using metric and celsius.","neutral"
"The [NAME] make beers? That's news to me","approval"
"For the same reason that you desire for people to explain things to you for free: to gain knowledge that benefits society.","neutral"
"Try wearing something unattractive when that student is around.","neutral"
"Yeah, so many accidents occur because people don’t know what to do in the event of loss of tire grip.","caring"
"Makes me glad I'm almost 50, and all this is stuff I will never ever experience, and frankly can hardly fathom.","gratitude"
"Hush up. This is one of our greatest accomplishments. Teaching minorities the subtle art of self suppression though mutual degradation was no small task.","neutral"
"Okay, cool. Thanks.","gratitude"
"He only accepted [NAME] challenges because he never beat him decisively. [NAME] on the other hand...","neutral"
"Ok but it's pretty cute too","love"
"How it feels*","neutral"
"Then people clapped","gratitude"
"This is something that has to be learned from experience. Don't be hard on yourself!","caring"
"Do all you can. Really everything is put in perspective, my work seems very unimportant right now. ","caring"
"Nah, substance abuse is sad, period. ","sadness"
"Easy to forget [NAME] since he was hurt but I'd add him to your list.","neutral"
"There isn't. It only exists in the heads of those who subscribe to these tinfoil theories.","neutral"
"She just needs to kiss [NAME]","desire"
"I hope that's a bug because it looks downright embarrassingly bad","disgust"
"get your ass to mars!","annoyance"
"That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.","disgust"
"Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes. ","approval"
"I want to say that but I feel like I'd get too much shit","disgust"
"Correct them. It’s best to let them know the real you right from the beginning rather than later.","anger"
"It’s supposed to be. But ol [NAME] snuffed a few out that he could have otherwise put clothes on and sent home.","neutral"
"We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them","love"
"[NAME].","neutral"
"It still wouldn't make sense. The problem isn't the looks","disapproval"
"We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.","annoyance"
"People like that will have children because if that's all somebody cares about only a matter of time before contraception is not used and well there ya go.","annoyance"
"She wants to connect, alright. With your wallet.","neutral"
"Funny how the whole rape thing just vanished once he was appointed.","amusement"
"Put a shirt on, this is the internet for [NAME] sake! ","neutral"
"Gase looks like he's tripping balls","neutral"
"Not alone my friend","neutral"
"That would have been a funny had we never made playoffs","optimism"
"That’s what the auto-shut off is, that thing that I said malfunctioned due to the extreme cold.","neutral"
"YOU KNOW THAT SET WAS W E T","neutral"
"what a ground licker. Day 9799 of being alive - I still hate people.","admiration"
"Yeah feel bad for people paying 200 to watch this crap. Better hockey watching my sons novice games.","annoyance"
"Imperial is already messy and hard to understand","confusion"
"To be fair how often has someone drafted in the top 5 not immediately joined the team.","desire"
"A guy that size could very easily kill a petite woman with a direct punch","neutral"
"That’s my point.","approval"
"[NAME] with the truth that reality show does not = relevance.","neutral"
"I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.","optimism"
"I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/","fear"
"does any body notice that 8 in 2018 looks weird","annoyance"
"Why is it that young girls seem to idolise serial killers? I had a friend like this and never understood the attraction. It's scary","confusion"
"Sadly, I’m younger. 15.","sadness"
"My comment wasn't aimed at you... try to relax","neutral"
"So glad you left and didn’t just sit through the date with that idiot!","annoyance"
"It's definitely alive. Not sure it's doing quite so well...for 99% of people anyway.","approval"
"No I didn’t think that, it was the way the information was presented","disapproval"
"Happy new year!","neutral"
"Lmao, I have actually seen this happen at a [NAME] gig, so yeah, probably true.","admiration"
"Siblings growing apart is a natural part of life. Unless your close in age then it's almost certainly bound to happen and that's fine.","caring"
"I swear the low budget is what made it even better! The gnome stick is quite possibley my favorite movie prop ever","neutral"
"Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!","excitement"
"Best of luck","gratitude"
"Just shut up dude","anger"
"same boat, will also be traveling but im not sure where yet, based in madison wisconsin tho","confusion"
"The Dark Knight that didn't rise?? Home Alone.. forever?","confusion"
"Like this game from a week ago? 26 points 14","approval"
"Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.","neutral"
"Been practicing his slappers","neutral"
"judah!!","neutral"
">Israel is literally an apartheid state It's literally not and the proliferation of that accusation is based on ignorance and simplistic understanding.","anger"
"I wish that show would come back","desire"
"Now that’s something I’d like to see 👌🏻","approval"
"Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.","desire"
"The service made it 20 years ago (1999, yeah ikr 1999 was 20 YEARS AGO?) ","curiosity"
""Lehner"","neutral"
"i heard it was like 300,000 german pows he just sprayed down after shooting his 30 round mag into them.","neutral"
"That's so sweet, you have good friends. How old did you turn that birthday?","admiration"
"[NAME] is a comedic goldmine. I don't blame comedians for milking the idiot.","annoyance"
"It isn’t lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isn’t him though","neutral"
"I can only relate with first three pictures","neutral"
"Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.","neutral"
"Laugh all you want, it's pretty much indestructible now!","annoyance"
"Stay safe, you will find someone one day. ","caring"
"Why do you guys hate [NAME]? I’m neutral leaning slightly positive on him. Just curious why the strong negative opinion?","neutral"
"It would be faster then light travel","admiration"
"That makes me feel even pettier. Thanks!","gratitude"
"My favorite is when he puts his name at the end of the sentence like this. It makes his comment seem so Eloquent! Best, [NAME]","love"
"Thank you so much. Happy New Year to you to.","gratitude"
"What exactly are we looking at?","confusion"
"I think [NAME] is a crisis actor!","surprise"
"That was painful.","sadness"
"How many times do you have to watch The Office. lol!","amusement"
"Because a lot of people on this thread are ignoring the pirate code and I’m trying to explain that rules are there for a reason.","neutral"
"Just made it! ‘03! StOp GrOuPiNg Me In WiTh ThE tIdE pOd GeNeRaTiOn!","remorse"
"Lore wise, this makes sense and I hate/love it with the same energy ","approval"
"Just tried and I was able to register it. I got the first Juul from the same place too and that charger worked fine","neutral"
"Still pretty good at rugby tho ‍♂️","optimism"
"That's a bit violent...... But then again I'm a [NAME] so whatever","annoyance"
"Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.","approval"
"If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless","annoyance"
"Call him out in person? Or in front of someone.","neutral"
"[NAME] reference.","neutral"
"Probably an old dude.","neutral"
"> Humans are empathetic and do this daily. I have to remind myself of this sometimes.","annoyance"
"haha love it!","love"
"Considering how much they project and accuse how often they others of only hating X person because of their race, it makes sense.","neutral"
"Give me another chance!","neutral"
"I have said many times [NAME] should just quit playing around and open a full on grocery store. Seems like a logical next step.","disapproval"
"Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪","amusement"
"Yeah thankfully I live in mass where it’s legal here too lol","gratitude"
"What? [NAME] looks like he’s hardly trying and completely disinterested.","neutral"
"I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.","confusion"
"I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual","annoyance"
"I want my Thick Blood feat to actually say “F*CK YOU” every time I deny a Peacekeeper their bleed damage.","annoyance"
"I love it. Enjoy your upvote.","love"
"Nothing like a little humiliation therapy to motivate the workers. /s","neutral"
"In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.","joy"
"Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.","admiration"
"we're all in the same struggle except for those few traitors that dared to go out and actually get into a relationship","sadness"
"It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour","optimism"
"Repost with a better title","neutral"
"It looked like something on her etsy. Maybe I'm wrong, I just looked it up under her username","confusion"
"Phsyically, not mentally or emotionally. It's literally only been one week since the end of episode 2 and the start of episode 3.","neutral"
"[NAME].","neutral"
"It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.","annoyance"
"We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.","disappointment"
"yikes i thought it was just a joke transformer [NAME]","realization"
"Happy one week anniversary","joy"
"**Post submission rules** * No compilations, unless all videos are from the same driver or cam or car.","neutral"
"I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.","optimism"
"As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot","anger"
"3 years probation with 1500 hours community service.","neutral"
"**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.","disappointment"
"That dog actually looks flatter too.","admiration"
"Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up","optimism"
"Because he's looking at the love of his life! Oh does he love the person looking at him in that big screen!","curiosity"
"Florida too!","excitement"
"Its ridiculous.","neutral"
"Nice try..Hulu exec.","gratitude"
"It’s a shame really... ruining a perfectly good shirt like that","admiration"
"I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.","joy"
"I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.","disappointment"
"I was told that upon waking up from a surgery, my first phrase was “don’t Terri [NAME] me” ☹️","realization"
"Yeah, hah. ","amusement"
"I’m not crying... I’m just cutting onions... I-I’m making lasagna..","disapproval"
"> Caveman coding. Blunt force coding. BUBBLE SORT!","neutral"
"Also, here's the Mash Kyrielight Trailer:","neutral"
"This was a floating barge of bullshit bound to ignorance, which is headed for a recycle bin on my desktop.","annoyance"
"Saw plenty. That is how to be a jerk to a cat. It will enforce bad behavior.","disappointment"
"Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain","approval"
"Not terribly many of those jumping fences in the UK I think. :P","fear"
"If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate","caring"
"I wasn’t aware of that. Thanks for the info. That makes the decision a lot easier.","admiration"
"the upside is that they can hold quite a bit, so you can almost always just empty it in the comfort of your own bathroom","neutral"
"They look purple on my screen. But yes, tacky.","neutral"
"Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.","disapproval"
"Thank you, I will tackle those too!","gratitude"
"Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.","joy"
"Ridiculous. That kid didn’t do anything. Just stood there and smiled, while waiting for his bus. You’re crazy.","disappointment"
"Uhhhh... didn’t y’all just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.","anger"
"Right? He actually came across as level headed and mature here so that was a shock.","curiosity"
"Those are some fine looking pills.","neutral"
"I was thinking the same thing! Then I saw your flair.","approval"
"Is it cruel to give your kids medicine when they don’t know what it is and why, if they need it?","anger"
"I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.","fear"
"I like [NAME]. Sue me.","love"
"Don't, it's shit compared to the original. It's rather WATERed down :P Jokes aside it isn't as good.","amusement"
"As a personal agent of entropy in this world: Damn, what laptop do you use?","disappointment"
"Haha love it","amusement"
"I actually really like this, and unironically find it funny. Forgive me.","amusement"
"[NAME] is going to hit [NAME] again at some point isn't it.","curiosity"
"I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it","disappointment"
"The bot did its job. It’s me the awful one","disgust"
"I hope the saints can finish this, although i think they’re gonna choke 😩. Man i hate philly","neutral"
"movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized","caring"
"The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop","optimism"
"probably because unlike the far left there actually isn't a significant difference between the ideologies of the far right","neutral"
"Now? Look at what they did to rip the Black Panthers apart from the inside.","realization"
"I was aware I would be going to hospital and would be showing the teacher up (should have mentioned it)","realization"
"Now that is a valid opinion unlike your other ones. Unless you didn’t read all of what I said.","realization"
"hate to say it but nobody outside of saskatchewan has heard of [NAME] either","disappointment"
"Negative canthal tilt. Poor lil' guy.","remorse"
"HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL","annoyance"
"I want an autographed copy of this, framed and on my wall. ","desire"
"Please let [NAME] live 🙏🏽","annoyance"
"Why is [NAME] smile at the beginning the best part of this whole thing?!","curiosity"
"Oh I will be independent. I don't need someone like that in my life.","annoyance"
"I eagerly await [NAME] rush meta. >=)","excitement"
"Couldnt they just play music through a speaker? This is hilarious","amusement"
"sorry for the dumb question, but where do the pagers get their signal from? Are there still emitter around or do cellphone towers this job now?","confusion"
"Emotional roller coaster","excitement"
"I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.","gratitude"
"they're shite - disgruntled OCSC fan","anger"
"This is his speculation or a leak?","neutral"
"Fun ruiner.","amusement"
"I think a lot of it's projection. Many incels say they are proud of being NEET.","pride"
"I hate this self-defeating bullshit. Yes, of course you can lose weight. Everyone can. Literally everyone.","admiration"
"I can help.","caring"
"If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.","anger"
"hes leaving anyway might as well trade him bro","neutral"
"This is a school announcement: Remember not to commit thought crimes in the classroom. Repeated thought crimes will result in a lowering of your grades.","approval"
"can you send the patch notes? i cant ever find them online.","confusion"
"So much tininess!","neutral"
"This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]","disapproval"
"29 and 39. Didn’t get to see my fathers parents for too long. I definitely got my condition from my Father.","approval"
"I know he comes with a lot of baggage but i’d probably go with [NAME]. Just look what he did for [NAME].","neutral"
"[NAME]! Came here to say that. Have an upvote. And a hug.","excitement"
"Verify yourself already or we will continue to "spit negativity"","neutral"
"Miz Cracker is the worst parts of Aquaria and Trixie. Unprofessional pettiness and shadiness of Aquaria and the slightly problematic and sometimes delusional humor of Trixie.","neutral"
"I don’t think Bethesda is there yet but the next move they make is very important on deciding if they end up on that list or not","caring"
"Sleep tight [NAME]!","caring"
"The concern is that there is a very high likelihood of his health deteriorating in one way or another before he can complete two full terms.","admiration"
"But I hate trannies and feminsts owo","anger"
"It looks like it's from the Molecule Effect on Santa Fe. Great quirky spot!","admiration"
"An escort is a person who provides a service. Do you refer to waiters as "it"?","neutral"
"Your mom did you a favor; now there is one less of “us kids” that will be buying mom a house and taking care of her.","neutral"
"the world is becoming very boring...","disapproval"
"this would work!!","approval"
"I’ve lived in Florida. Hurricanes are *much* worse.","disapproval"
"If an addict gets clean of booze/drugs, you congratulate them! What a horrible crabbycrab to try to shut down someone who got their addiction under control.","approval"
"And then the oligarchs in charge will be forced to say how they really feel about America... this bizarre logic has very interesting potential.","admiration"
"Shame ,your quite cute ","admiration"
"Depends, do you become so old and senile that you have dementia can’t walk and shit","curiosity"
"Thank you. That's encouraging. I hope to find people like that to learn from.","gratitude"
"Did you laugh at this meme?","annoyance"
"I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.","love"
".5x speed. Every moment I enjoy would last longer and any time I find myself in a pickle, I'll have more time to react appropriately.","joy"
"Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness","disgust"
"No apologies needed, beer loving friend!","disapproval"
"here for me scenes of [NAME] being dragged by her children","neutral"
"All skin heads? Interesting choice.","excitement"
"Thank you. You too.","gratitude"
"is solid proof","curiosity"
"what are the actual odds of getting #1 pick? anyone know?","neutral"
"I just see yes","approval"
"[NAME] doesn’t use it & had the highest SAUG k/d at Vegas. Definitely isn’t “poop” without it lol.","joy"
"That’s actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!","admiration"
"December 2003, would get one also :D would love to have it","neutral"
"I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day","caring"
"Ah [NAME] trying to save the faith by strawmanning amazing.","admiration"
"I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. It’s overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.","admiration"
"Hard to get motivated to play when the fans are burying one of your teammates.","neutral"
"Where is the discusting from?","curiosity"
"I think I translates more into "Waiting to see what kind of Brexit turd-burger Westminster eventually vomits up".","neutral"
"I promise you it would for most people. You're just spoiled with having the mountains 45 minutes away.","neutral"
"oh [NAME]...","excitement"
"That's how I apologize to carists, too","remorse"
"And if you ever make a fat cop joke on reddit then you're the worst criminal of all!","anger"
"Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!","fear"
"Thanks! Very cool. It was a marriage gift, so that explains some of it. :)","admiration"
"Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.","sadness"
"INTRODUCING BUD LIGHT LIGHT for the [NAME] a beer consumer! Just when you thing Bud Light was light enough we managed to water it down more!","neutral"
"I'm beginning to think that ArcSys might be my favorite videogame company. They make such good fighting games.","love"
"Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar","amusement"
"You didn’t sell that stock did you? I am sorry i hope the company rebounds.","remorse"
"Almost all cars go through auctions at some point. It's nothing to worry about.","caring"
"Can’t even tell what’s happening here. This isn’t cringe.","embarrassment"
"So we should put all children in the school at risk?","curiosity"
"i'll be waiting for your post about having a crush on a straight guy tomorrow.","neutral"
"Sorry ideologically yeah. I meant morally.","caring"
"Funny thing is, all of my salespeople who consistently sell 20/mo are constantly on the phone. Weird!","amusement"
"[NAME] deserves better","admiration"
"I dont think she knows that once your body runs out of fat it starts eating your muscles and organs.","neutral"
"You go back to school... Except this time you don't qualify for ANY financial aid, because you already have a degree","neutral"
"> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.","disappointment"
"Ha the additional loss of life to your engine really showed them.","neutral"
"Uber is fun and cheap.","amusement"
"That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.","disappointment"
"The housemate is a genius!","admiration"
"love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too","admiration"
"This is the first person Australia has tried to do this to...","neutral"
"She has to thank him for his time first, and no throwing! You must be gentle and fold him nicely as you discard him.","neutral"
"Winning is fun","joy"
"[NAME] in drag.","neutral"
"She just needs to kiss [NAME]","love"
"We did UK rejected it or only cut so much","realization"
"Good luck. Netflix restricts known VPN IP ranges. Your best bet is a buddy with Open VPN server stateside and open vpn client app on your device.","optimism"
"They make it difficult to chant this, they go and get indicted way too soon.","neutral"
"I see.. so people are just guessing?","realization"
"Was it just me or when they showed the backboard camera did the hoop look like it had a surprised face?","surprise"
"I love your art style, that looks fantastic!","joy"
"In what way is banning someone from using your service for copyright theft "a completely over-the-top punishment" ?","annoyance"
"Am owned by a tiny beagle that was previously a stray. This is an underrated comment!","neutral"
"Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.","desire"
"A surprise to be sure! But a welcome one","joy"
"25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!","love"
"It still has the potential to be permanent if no alternative is found.","approval"
"I already have used one, really helped ","joy"
"I will check him out thank you :)","gratitude"
"Its nice but irrelvant. With [NAME] and [NAME] there I only see a no deal exit","approval"
"Watch the [NAME] fanbois raging on the thread.","neutral"
"Limits... vote yes.","neutral"
"Really glad you were there for her. I wish you both the best.","admiration"
"[NAME] (swt) does not need your worship. If you do good deeds and humble yourself and seek forgiveness He might guide you again.","disgust"
"errrrrrrrrr that's pointless, and your Doctor I'm afraid is pointless as well.","fear"
"It's in my garage. Couldn't be any easier to access it.","neutral"
"So you are the only occupant in the dwelling that drives?","curiosity"
"Not a nice thing to call your lady friend.","neutral"
"not sure if this is a joke, but if you've ever worked at a dev studio, this adds credibility if anything","neutral"
"Who [NAME] should fight next after AB","curiosity"
"“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”","sadness"
"There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.","approval"
"Yes, [NAME] said he was no where near the SUV, which is why the blood in it is so damning to him. ","realization"
"If you absolutely can't find a copy of the book - private message me.","neutral"
"I appreciate your post, I’m just nervous is all, thank you","admiration"
"There's always something endearing about a reply trying to keep the enthusiasm going. You enjoy that new toy as much as you can.","excitement"
"That fucking Mills charge is FUCKING BULLSHIT","disgust"
"It’s really hard to watch for some people because of how awkward and... just how stupid [NAME] is in this episode","disappointment"
"I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me","realization"
"Say it with me! S! A! T! I! R! E! What does that spell? SATIRE!!!","amusement"
"good lookin out bro","admiration"
"This is much better! Good mods [T]/","admiration"
"Woooooooahahhohohohohho nice one Bembry to [NAME].","admiration"
"it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.","approval"
"Thank you so much","gratitude"
"Man, that sounds like a big stuff around. Good luck getting it sorted","caring"
"What kind of dog is that on the left?! He looks like a sweet pup.","admiration"
"But what volumes does the 3rd chart speak?","curiosity"
"It's 3 Calling Cards I believe, and one sticker for getting Flawless. Other than that, no (unless you wanna count bragging rights).","approval"
"I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.","disapproval"
"I 👏 can 👏 only 👏 communicate 👏 while 👏 clapping 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏","neutral"
"Communists love the state, make no mistake. It's either totalitarian statism or mob rule, which commies would fail miserably at. ","love"
"Maybe 5-10 games in the g league would help knock some rust off?","optimism"
"Just 58 seconds more boys. Hang in there!!","neutral"
"What? Shut up?","annoyance"
"[NAME] didn't refuse to trade [NAME] to the Lakers out of spite. He saw nothing he wanted.","neutral"
"Not in Oregon anymore. They raised the legal age to buy smokes to 21, which, as a smoker, I think is a great idea.","neutral"
"Your welcome.","neutral"
"This is repulsive what the fuck is wrong with places like this. It does have an element of hilarity tho","disgust"
"Yep, whole different story if mom finds her favorite vibrator buzzing on the floor still.","neutral"
"And desks clapped","neutral"
"Fuck isn't it nice to have a [NAME] on the team?","annoyance"
"Hyde Park was beautiful this morning, frosty grass and the morning sun just catching the trees enough to make them glow. ","admiration"
"It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.","approval"
"From the looks of his haphazard flailing it seems he needs to go back to the dojo...","neutral"
"Yeah that’s what I heard on Univision deportes earlier. I hope he chooses Ajax rather than real Betis","optimism"
"This is the greatest thing I’ve ever read","excitement"
"I love spaghetti... Can I have your recipe?","curiosity"
"HEY BEAUTIES ITS ME SASHA VELOUR","admiration"
"Okay cool. Gonna drive home from the hospital.","optimism"
"This kid in the future","neutral"
"Very true, interesting point of view. ","neutral"
"There is a startling lack of empathy in this thread.","neutral"
"I'm elated to hear that 🤗","joy"
"Excitement for new regulation and taxation in the ancap reddit?!?","confusion"
"Such a disappointment. Mobile games are such a shallow replacement for a full sequel. What a let down.","disappointment"
"Immigants! Even when it was the bears, I knew it was dem!","neutral"
"Do you not give your snowmen brooms? I feel like that's a thing people do","annoyance"
"Factually incorrect. Those studies did not have anyone trying to tell the difference in wine age, which any sommelier could do.","neutral"
"Mf perioded on my new sofa","neutral"
"Yes. I often dream of death or further isolation","desire"
"Happy new year. 🍾","joy"
"I like saying the n-word, it makes me happy","desire"
"They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith","approval"
"His bits were filmed in June.","neutral"
"damn it I was holding out for [NAME] to carry the game","disappointment"
"The actress died before season 1 aired so that’s literally impossible since [NAME] didn’t betray until season 2","grief"
"Erin's is so precious","neutral"
"I’m curious as to how this came about in badwomensanatomy. Was she saying this was something that couldn’t be done?","curiosity"
"Damn it. You beat me to pointing it out. XD","annoyance"
"Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo","surprise"
"sometimes i look up at the stars and i wonder if [NAME] is masterbating to our conversation somewhere out there","annoyance"
"Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long","neutral"
"Even if he plays bottom pairing, his hockey IQ should help the team. At least, that's my hope!","optimism"
"His estate still have property in places like ireland. To this he has grounds rent paid to him","approval"
"They probably got de-funded. I need to support them.","caring"
"This is a totally different one right?","confusion"
"Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.","remorse"
"There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.","admiration"
"Taliban is the worst.","anger"
"Socially it's completely unacceptable to pee your pants.","disapproval"
"Yes, I have. What are the towns of which you speak?","approval"
"Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️","joy"
"I’m not attracted enough to her for me to ask her out, but I would have sex with if she wanted ","neutral"
"Oh shit, as a matter of fact my knees are now weak","annoyance"
"the world is becoming very boring...","disappointment"
"i have this comic and I love this bit!","love"
"Umm... I am.","neutral"
"Imagine what he thinks of TLJ...","neutral"
"Scratch that, tickets go on sale February 7th.","excitement"
"Very sorry for your loss.","grief"
"Would you’ve still got with her if you’d known beforehand? No judgement, just curious.","curiosity"
"You better have a goddamn update.","neutral"
"I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.","love"
"Sad thing is it would probably forcibly ground the plane.","sadness"
"Reality is often disappointing","sadness"
"i'll be waiting for your post about having a crush on a straight guy tomorrow.","optimism"
"Yes! These people are allowed to vote and drive and do other things that affect our lives!","neutral"
"He was born in Scotland so as much as I’d love him to run it’s not likely.","neutral"
"Pretty much yeah, it’s crazy that 2 years later that someone picked 56 picks later is better as a player","neutral"
"You have the personality of a stale bagel: dry and bland","neutral"
"look at that gym! Id kill to have one with such a nice view","anger"
"You just made me remember [NAME] is gone and that made me happy. Thank you stranger.","gratitude"
"Weird how analgesic is the opposite of what I might’ve guessed it to mean","neutral"
"Or maybe he's just super hot? Can't help it if you're a casanova.","disappointment"
"It's ephemeral. It deteriorates in quality from the second you finish pouring. It isn't going to be framed. Enjoy the moment.","neutral"
"It definitely doesn't work if you give up.","disapproval"
"You’re right. With IDs coming temple desk workers will look an awful lot like TSA workers.","approval"
"*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.","annoyance"
"I love the Nets","love"
"Nice try, but the only person this sub dislikes more than [NAME] is the [NAME].","admiration"
"If you have any other links handy I'd love to see them.","love"
"Baby dont misunderstand..why cant I be head coach","desire"
"[NAME] would have the biggest fit if he gets benched for [NAME]. He's unfortunately become to slow to keep up with guys like [NAME].","neutral"
"FYI killing yourself is god-tier lib ownage","neutral"
"Glad you came to your senses. Go feel uncomfortable about Lola bunny in Space Jam again.","disapproval"
"Wow. Did u say yes?","neutral"
"I miss the bch/bsv war...the quality of posts were getting better....back to square 1","disappointment"
"I would focus on being an enlisted Marine first. That’s what you’ll be doing for the next 4 years.","neutral"
"I remember one guy on the show being labeled as "[NAME] son" so I"m not sure what that's about.","confusion"
"He knows he's not playing as well as he should be. By that logic [NAME] wants out so he should go too.","disappointment"
"Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!","anger"
"[NAME] this is pretty funny bit of info he just revealed I guess he showed up and they were like yeah u got final say deal with it","amusement"
"Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.","joy"
"Tbf having an orgasm at his age could cause one.","neutral"
"like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well","love"
"HOW ELSE ARE WE GOING TO AVOID THE NO-DEAL APOCALYPSE!???","curiosity"
"the real crime would be to not finish what we started!","confusion"
"My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:","approval"
"I didn’t think I was implying that you weren’t.","neutral"
"That's professor [NAME] to you, savage!","disgust"
"A lot of people shit on wiki edits, but most of them give me a nice little chuckle","approval"
"Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.","disgust"
"Wow, I don't know how [NAME] handled that","realization"
"You're very welcome, and I hope it's the hardest thing you ever have to do--meaning I hope it's all downhill from here. ","gratitude"
"Oh trust me I'm aware haha.","amusement"
"Glad to see it resolved by someone as the community manager said not too long ago. I wouldn't give in and pay.","joy"
"[NAME] doesn't do nihilism. She's war ravaged. Ergo she has to recover.","sadness"
"Can I start getting excited for [NAME] yet","excitement"
"Polls are closing now! If you're waiting to vote, stay in line! Results should be in shortly!","neutral"
"It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.","neutral"
"I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)","neutral"
"Hey man, its your roommate; I need to borrow your shaver!","neutral"
"[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME]","disgust"
"Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong. ","caring"
"my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.","desire"
"Pudge was great","neutral"
"never worth it.","annoyance"
"Y’all need one of those world famous mascots. Your top at producing those.","neutral"
"if it shatters your little ego i'm fine with this. :)","anger"
"😭I don’t doubt it. He deserves all the love too.","caring"
"Hmm thank you. I am not good with words. Can you please elaborate if there is any distinction?","annoyance"
"I appreciate your meme OP.","admiration"
"So you’re right-wing. Not a shock.","annoyance"
"But economic systems do determine success of societies. If your economic system doesn't work, your political system will lean towards authoritarianism for it's politics.","neutral"
"1. Dr. [NAME] job is just cause drama and look frustrated 2. I wanna know the mothers of people ITT","curiosity"
"Imagine wanting a crock-pot that cooks enough for one person. What's the point?","curiosity"
"Did he actually knock himself out?!","confusion"
"How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.","anger"
"[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it","neutral"
"Don't you know? We have to just shut up and put our heads down until they decide!","annoyance"
"My cat also thinks rugs are for pissing on.","neutral"
"oh, okay","neutral"
"Thanks for remembering. I have since added to my post :-)","gratitude"
"Would I love to be a fly on your wall right now and watch this whole debacle.","love"
"Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.","admiration"
"pretty much correct except for when right wingers get triggered they type on a keyboard and when leftists get triggered they try and ruin the career of whatever offended them","disgust"
"Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!","neutral"
"Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good","joy"
"It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.","neutral"
"I can't even get close to beating that one though... same with the salmon fishing one.","neutral"
"It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!","annoyance"
"Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.","disapproval"
"Well when you’re on the internet never say use the term no one because theres always those few idiots","neutral"
"i would love to have your neighbor!! he seems so nice! i really truly do hope you never meet that guy again.","gratitude"
"At least they have picked up some good humanist notions along the way.","love"
"My selfless boi","admiration"
"“Try this new food” “No way you sociopath!!”","neutral"
"That.. would be glorious. A large one of these would be the NZ equivalent of Giga Pudding.","admiration"
"She looks so much better. She really is pretty.","admiration"
"Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.","fear"
"Alright bud, I'll be sure to do that on my nearest panic attack. Cheers","optimism"
"*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast","optimism"
"I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? ","anger"
"Yeah, one more time for good measure. “Hey, hold on there you forgot something “. WAM","approval"
"just a single point","neutral"
"I was picturing [NAME]","neutral"
"LMao what kinda stupid ass rule is that?","amusement"
"Thanks love <3","gratitude"
"Sanctions are immoral and don't do anything but cause more human suffering, disappointing to see that this sub will support them, but not really a shock. ","disappointment"
"Reminds me of this short.","neutral"
"I also have a boner!","annoyance"
"You good = are you ready?","confusion"
"muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!","disappointment"
"This is the best. I love it","admiration"
"Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.","approval"
"Benzos stop working after a few weeks because they’re very addictive and tolerance grows quickly. I use them occasionally but never more than twice a week.","neutral"
"Oh gosh, I can’t wait to see how much you’ve accomplished Mr. Not Retarded Criminal ","excitement"
"Thanks for saying this eloquently, I'm always a little put off by some of the man hating comments that pop up here occasionally.","annoyance"
"I bet we have a scene of the new girlfriend fighting with [NAME]","approval"
"Literally. > i also dont know if i should post that here Because it's wrong? Nah, you're in the right place.","confusion"
"That's gonna be a no from me, dawg.","neutral"
"Yup that’s what people don’t seem to realize.","realization"
"All that and still tweeting about real and perceived insults.","sadness"
"I was getting changed!","neutral"
"no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?","disappointment"
"Last year was Celtics and Sixers... that’s pretty decent","admiration"
"[NAME] and a libertarian? Is that some post-modern BS like a person can be a man and a woman at the same time?","neutral"
"So ya gonna do a pat down or just trust the dude?","approval"
"Human life has value. Veganism and pro-life are 2 completely different ballparks morally. Terrible argument 1/10","annoyance"
"I love it lol!","amusement"
"HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.","annoyance"
"That's a bingo!","excitement"
"I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. ","caring"
"New book? Or is he talking about 12 rules","admiration"
"[NAME] i really hate entitled people. Upvote if you think that EPs are worse than Antivaxxers.","anger"
"Move on bro. Don't sit around waiting for someone. If it's meant to happen later, it will.","caring"
"How is it? It was consensual. They are practically adults anyway.","neutral"
"trust me, you do not want to do this. i used to live with 2 party people and it was absolute hell. save yourself now","anger"
"Damn that's a good-looking pizza","joy"
"Clip clop my dudes!","neutral"
"Pretend you are the lead in a movie. You will probably get laid, confidence is everything. Bingo bango, great night!","gratitude"
"The embassy staff has already been expelled from the country by my understanding.","embarrassment"
"Ha ha ha, thank you so much, he is a total gentleman. Ok, bull by the horns time!","gratitude"
"[NAME] we support you! Love from Mexico I hope everything works out for you, whatever you decide to do!","admiration"
"Ugh. Just legalize it already so this silliness can be put to an end.","neutral"
"If charity worked, everyone in the world would be fed and healthy in this precise moment. Also, how are you going to enact basic income without social institutions?","confusion"
"I like you. No promo","love"
"...except that they’re an [NAME] coached team.","neutral"
"Shadowbanning me isn’t good policy either","neutral"
"Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks! ","joy"
"I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.","love"
"[NAME], going to go tell my husband that if this ever happens to pick me.","neutral"
"Oh I forgot how gross [NAME] can be","realization"
"I believe it was the "Master Batters."","neutral"
"He will be perfectly fine besides being very nauseous and probably throwing up.","neutral"
"Yep. Still don't know what you're talking about. Come back when you actually read the pdf and become informed.","confusion"
"Is there such a thing as a typical case? That seems like a somewhat dangerous attitude for any doctor.","neutral"
"I legit thought he was JSE for a second. I was so confused, but so happy all at the same time","confusion"
"Yes because people constantly use that as an example of "TSAs failure" or a TSA miss when in reality TSA wasn't even involved","neutral"
"These are the signs I'm getting old... Wtf is a weed cartridge??","surprise"
"I just wanna say, I appreciate you making it into a gif. I wouldn't have watched the video. So thank you.","admiration"
"On time stat doesn't matter for anything meaningful, I wouldn't waste time contacting support over it, or worrying about it for any reason really.","neutral"
"Even the worst pyramid scheme pays out something.","optimism"
"Trust me, you can anthropomorphize anything and fuck it. Or at least, that’s what the internet has taught me.","approval"
"Me too lmaoooooooooooooooooooo haha damn that’s depressing","amusement"
"My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.","neutral"
"If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.","approval"
"Continue the positivity!","approval"
"Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.","amusement"
"To the place","neutral"
"only take your shoes off if there is carpet. and carpet is nasty.","annoyance"
"But shouldn't that money go *back to Connecticut*. We don't lack problems.","disapproval"
"Too bad no crossprog with PS4 thanks to Sony, though I heard gamedevs are trying to talk it out with them","gratitude"
"This just went from a winning streak to a shutout streak!","neutral"
"I'm totally cool with that too, whats the PSN?","curiosity"
"Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull","joy"
"At least the bike was lighter than you ... poor cr50","amusement"
"Nah it's just weird that they wouldn't try diazepam first since it's so often used.","annoyance"
"I don't see anything about harassment in that statement. Weird.","surprise"
"Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.","approval"
"The parents are “retards” for not watching their kid near water.","neutral"
"I hope Edmonton gets nuked.","neutral"
">the decades after WWII That includes 1950. If you want to insult me, read your own fucking post first","anger"
"The Sunshine Skyway Bridge? I'm near that, too, and have also thought about doing that.","neutral"
"Thank you. 😀","gratitude"
"Damn man that’s a lot of progress. You willing to put forth another 2 and a half months getting your new character back up there?","admiration"
"There’s an obvious implication that it’s ok for them to act that way *because* they are boys, not girls. ","neutral"
"starting a new trend lol","admiration"
"Okay cool. Gonna drive home from the hospital.","relief"
"Fitter faster stronger better","admiration"
"Holy shit, your therapist just (inadvertently) explained SO MUCH in my life, internet stranger.","neutral"
"There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.","neutral"
"My man.","admiration"
"It's strange i don't understand how work reddit, i drop a link when i create a post but it doesn't work","surprise"
"It's funny cause you say socialists have an "ignorance of economics" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism. ","joy"
"Well, he was until season 3, which was ironically when [NAME] made them take that test.","approval"
"I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans","love"
"Omg I just finished and I'm in awe...","joy"
"Bet flop. Good [NAME] what are you doing on the river.","curiosity"
"Why not touch them? then don't shove people out of lifts. that's hardly civil. just WAIT and let people get off.","annoyance"
"I walked 500 miles and then I walked 500 more, you can’t relate to my pain 😤","sadness"
"The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.","grief"
"Just do it!","neutral"
"You have another new follower 😊 love your work!","excitement"
"Let her work for her money like everyone else if she can afford to re decorate and go to Jamaica.","neutral"
"I don’t see the problem","neutral"
"Not trolling. Anger issues. I'm sorry for previous comments.","realization"
"Makes my skin crawl","neutral"
"Oh hell no","surprise"
"Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.","neutral"
"Roasted Brussels sprouts with they get kinda charred!! Nom nom nom","neutral"
"Almost heaven, West Virginia!","neutral"
"Really hope the best for him. Couldn’t stay here but hoping he keeps that girl far away from him and gets it together.","optimism"
"Reminds me of this classic","joy"
"This is a thing of beauty","admiration"
"When has the Alt-Right ever been working class? Its always the richest white guys who are horribly socially inept.","fear"
"This would be epic.","admiration"
"He looks great in "Ideal Home".","excitement"
"[NAME] got moved cause hes a complete liability in the defensive end","neutral"
"Should have just gotten massive foundation donations and laundered the profits that way.","neutral"
"You are about to get your third. Not a WORD to AP.","neutral"
"Us arguing here won’t change a thing in the government","disapproval"
"Looks like I posted it. Oh no!","embarrassment"
"Switching to GEICO could save you 15% or more on car insurance","neutral"
"Only 5 hour drive..... I guess im doing a day trip to Almonte. I love baked goods.","love"
"They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.","love"
"If I wanted to send a message about how much I hate my life and get literally no response then I could just text my mother.","anger"
"You can get trough it, it sounds like fucking bullshit, but you can","disappointment"
"Lmao the UBI is just the powers that be making sure they don't have a revolt on their hands once their program of economic alienation reaches a head.","neutral"
"I feel like I saw this literally last week, these reposts are getting adventurous lads ","neutral"
"I dont see a blue line connecting them i see each mine has a little line coming out but on my screen they arent touching","neutral"
"What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.","anger"
"I swear the low budget is what made it even better! The gnome stick is quite possibley my favorite movie prop ever","disappointment"
"The hero we didn't deserve ,but the hero we needed.","neutral"
"You must be new around here.","neutral"
"I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India","approval"
"> i have never even dated a girl. Lol","amusement"
"He aged twenty years with that look.","disappointment"
"I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD","anger"
"That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends","approval"
"Thanks. I am. I make some new friends.","gratitude"
"Wow! That's awesome! Congratulations! Its wonderful to have hope of being off medications one day.","joy"
"bet you could still eat them","neutral"
"i feel betrayed by the community","disappointment"
"Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters","annoyance"
"We need more boards and to create a bit more space for [NAME]. Then we’ll be good.","desire"
"This coming from a cleric of a religion that declares that anyone who doesn't follow it is inherently immoral...","neutral"
"Well at least he wont be hungry ever again","realization"
"If it results in killing [NAME], [NAME] is willing to be merciful and hold his wrath back against the kids.","anger"
"Unemployed now re: those crummy health issues. So that probably helped.","caring"
"Lol, get em Corsi! ","joy"
"Unfortunately the rhythmic nature of his play makes him very predictable at high levels. The best Maxi players are rather unmusical, to use the analogy","annoyance"
"Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while","confusion"
"ah thats my bad, she just finished the blog and im sharing it around, one sec and ill edit it. ","sadness"
"I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.","annoyance"
"Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...","curiosity"
"Praise [NAME]. Hope his health issues have gotten better. Dude should be on a contender right now 😭","approval"
"Isn’t /politicalhumor a sub that barely has any real activity though...?","surprise"
"You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does","neutral"
"Calm down satan","neutral"
"Wow, this is terrifying.","admiration"
"My bad.","sadness"
"Wow, that's crazy. Ever tried DMT? ","admiration"
"I used to live in Brule,about an hour east of Jasper. Look into the black cat ranch!","neutral"
"Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]","gratitude"
"After a few loops of the fall is it just me that thinks he’s doing it on purpose?","confusion"
"It depends on if she can download discord and I was planning on emailing her when she gets it","neutral"
"Call it an ATATM (automatic teller ATM)","neutral"
"I think they are being sarcastic, notice the /s ","annoyance"
"Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.","neutral"
"Let's wrap him in bubble wrap to be safe","neutral"
"Either they don’t understand the meta context of it, or aren’t fans of such a meta ending.","optimism"
"Yep, and the worst thing is that the cost of not doing something is invisible, while the cost of doing is not!","neutral"
"I have no idea. That restaurant loves to put fried spaghettis everywhere.","confusion"
"I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.","sadness"
"[NAME] is a murderer,a psychopath and he wants just to kill him","grief"
"but she has the riders of [NAME]","neutral"
"That woman has a nice body","admiration"
"These are the kinds of dudes that gillette ad is talking about.","neutral"
"Thank you, this makes a lot of sense. I know i need to trust them and not try and read behind what they're saying... ","gratitude"
"It's legal now in quite a few states. People get booze for Christmas all the time. I'd be stoked.","approval"
"Because she's a mediocre writer who got lucky with Harry Potter and is in no way relevant unless she needlessly retcons HP.","neutral"
"These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.","disgust"
">Cars kill more people than guns Way, way more people. Alcohol too.","approval"
"What really got [NAME] bigger that much?","excitement"
"Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.","annoyance"
"Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;)","admiration"
"EGG ROLLS. That's why your progress isn't good.","realization"
"ITLL BE OKAY MOUNTAIN FRIEND, JUST ACCEPT IT","approval"
"> the adventure starts in the year 776 Fuck, wait, really?","approval"
"That's wonderful! As you're learning to accept and love yourself as you are, so will your followers! Don't give up and good luck!","admiration"
"I miss it but it was op","confusion"
"Looks fake as she flinches before the ball hits her.","neutral"
"You guys are a problem.","annoyance"
"My youngest whispered to me one night that I was as cool as [NAME]","pride"
"If you went through the campaign, idk what needs to be explained 😂 ","confusion"
"Too bad it's the wrong kind of blows!!!","sadness"
""Feed the wars and fuck the poors" is pretty much their policy.","anger"
"> and [NAME] mentions that he's cold to the touch. you mean after he almost froze to dealth?","neutral"
"Same here man, terrible feeling","annoyance"
"He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.","joy"
"Don't forget the part where [NAME] doubts himself or goes off on his own and fails. Then [NAME] tells him how much she loves him and to run","caring"
"[NAME] because he's the better player.","approval"
"What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.","curiosity"
"They're not giving you better than this most likely so just open them.","neutral"
"This is perfect","admiration"
"It's riskier to take on bad contracts right now","nervousness"
"Tickets to a 2008 Preliminary Final, paper print out version too, incredibly random.","neutral"
"Have a wonderful day.","neutral"
"> But, President [NAME] can just hand out pardons for anything federal. Presidential pardons don't affect impeachments.","realization"
"Absolute queens! ❤🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈","admiration"
"No idea, maybe say nothing..............","disapproval"
"I wouldn't say everyone's fanatical about not paying tax it just sometimes throws you off if you don't remember about it.","caring"
"I'm tired, but I can't sleep.","neutral"
"Bagsy not in 1st!","disapproval"
"I appreciate your post, I’m just nervous is all, thank you","gratitude"
"They could have prepared you better. I'm so sorry. I wanna give you a hug and tell you it's okay.","gratitude"
"That lady is experiencing pure joy","neutral"
"Three. Three layers of bad.","neutral"
"Ok? I’m addressing your points here. Don’t worry though, your reply suggests personal attacks are the way forward. ","approval"
"Same, I hate myself for finding the last 4 chapters... my heart is devastated.","grief"
"but that's what covers are for. They show the title and sometimes a relevant image so you quickly know the contents.","neutral"
"When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning","nervousness"
"> this teams been appalling for a month now They're 7-7 in the past 30 days.","fear"
"It ruined me, too. D:","sadness"
"I second this. 3 months is early to really know someone anyway. She could want kids for all the wrong reasons and you wouldn't even know.","approval"
"Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.","admiration"
"We had the chance, but never made the offer last year.","neutral"
"All the time","neutral"
"I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s","approval"
"ssssssssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhh just give this one to me it's been a weird day","disgust"
"That’s cute wth","admiration"
"This gave me PTSD","neutral"
"Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist","optimism"
"I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy","disappointment"
"Oh I got one are you overweight","curiosity"
"I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard. ","disappointment"
"It’s up to you to fight it in court if you didn’t do anything wrong. And your word versus his.","caring"
"Coloradon't is hilarious. I also thought of Rocky Mountain Lowpoint or Rocky Mountain Loser.","excitement"
"Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia","admiration"
"I like to think that the next update will add zeros effects towards the tac mask challenge. Speed things up real quick.","optimism"
"It’s not significant enough to be a bad move lol. It’s a push. Spalding is nothing","neutral"
"OH NO NO NO NO","neutral"
"I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye","neutral"
"Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.","disappointment"
"Currently have 2 points. One is from when my cat died and the other is from a really bad migraine.","neutral"
"doesn’t QCX work with them ?","curiosity"
"Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!","curiosity"
"Some call sharks the dogs of the sea.","neutral"
"poor mod :( i guess people arent allowed to leave this sub if they are vegan","sadness"
"come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!","admiration"
"Omg.........so true. I found that out personally. She was flirting with other guy's online @ 3 in the mornings. Wtf😟☹🤣","sadness"
"Myself preferring daytime, 2 to 2.5 hours would be more than reasonable as long as the effect to the SB is not work stressing.","neutral"
"I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.","optimism"
"It is crazy and another reason I treat going to the states with caution lol","amusement"
""Can I speak to the Suns' manager?"","curiosity"
"Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!","surprise"
"This is how I think of my wife and any of her friends.","neutral"
"Congrats dude! Can you give us a quick tl;dw?","admiration"
"It's a strange decision that they scheduled this to conflict with the NFL playoffs in the United States.","embarrassment"
"Ok then.","neutral"
"That game hurt.","sadness"
"Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy","neutral"
"The kind of women they'll never get.","neutral"
"Fatal accident on the 101 this","neutral"
"You just need to ignore him. He only crawls out when he can complain about traditional [NAME] or dem stupid republicans.","neutral"
"She would betray her friends for chicken nuggets","anger"
"And desks clapped","annoyance"
"Yeah that makes a lot of sense and I'm glad you looked passed all the negativity","gratitude"
"Omg. It's Viv from [NAME] !","surprise"
"Hopefully she lives in a very vaccinated area that will protect her baby. Hopefully.","optimism"
"As if I needed another reason to avoid the Galleria.","neutral"
"Yeah, this belongs on r/wholesomememes","approval"
"I’d love that luxury of time.","love"
"I play with all 20-24 year old so we most certainly did not hear the punishment on the radio. Not sure exactly where it came from though.","confusion"
"I used to know a guy back in HS, and college. Every male in his family had been struck by lightning, except him.","surprise"
"No we don't. A small amount is imported into Ontario. The rest of Canada is long or balanced.","disapproval"
"Oversleeping always makes me super depressed and even a little nauseous! Even so, I always want to go back to bed.","remorse"
"Ouch! I felt that!","neutral"
"She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.","approval"
"Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.","annoyance"
"That does make sense. Thanks.","gratitude"
"I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.","optimism"
"I think Bayern get far less hate than they should tbh, the Manchester United of Germany is almost selling them short.","optimism"
"Try not to cringe challenge.","neutral"
"Also: - more snipers - another stealth hero This makes my top 3 of what would make the game even more fun.","joy"
"I'm wondering how many players have "PhD In Punishment" -comment unironically.","curiosity"
"Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.","disappointment"
"No, because vaccines are recommended worldwide. And also, not amputating a body part.","disapproval"
"You dirty scavenger","anger"
"I haven't seen such an unpopular hire since [NAME].","disapproval"
"Comfy girl = best girl","admiration"
"This is so, so great.","admiration"
"one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the","love"
"My question is for [NAME] and [NAME]: What would be the one piece of advice you would give to aspiring Overwatch coaches?","curiosity"
"lol robot car","amusement"
"Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.","sadness"
"That's a stock photo, bud.","neutral"
"I’m offended","annoyance"
"Pretty much yeah, it’s crazy that 2 years later that someone picked 56 picks later is better as a player","neutral"
"And what do you find in the mist in subnautica crystalized sulfur. So I believe this is definitely what they modeled the lost River after baddabang","approval"
"Ok now I’m wondering what you’re on","surprise"
"[NAME] why do they keep adding words to facist. Neofascist, cryptofascist, snowfascist. It's so dumb.","neutral"
"Only [NAME] could claim that shutting down the thing he is in charge of is a success.","neutral"
"This is delusion beyond what I'm willing to engage with.","realization"
"Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit","amusement"
"Had to go way too far down the thread for this answer!","neutral"
"I didn't realize it's been posted that often! Good to know. It was new to me:)","realization"
"I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?","anger"
"Which could mean new faces","neutral"
"A 20% win percentage really sneaks up on ya :( no wonder this sub has to have a toxicity talk lmfao","neutral"
"Oh okay, thank you!! ","gratitude"
"[NAME] is a damn fool. No wonder his ex-wife is his boss and his babysitter.","neutral"
"Because the dude was fuuuuucked up.","disappointment"
"> 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know I need to know literally nothing about them.","neutral"
"Hey, I share a birthday with a legend!","excitement"
"My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.","fear"
"Did you noticed they removed my post? Yep.","surprise"
"Idaho lot rather we stop with these amas.","amusement"
"I appreciate it, that's good to know. I hope I'll have to apply that knowledge one day","admiration"
"Of course this is the type of dude to CC a .45 caliber.","approval"
"Maybe I have inaccurate memories re: Carolina and Boston is a better third","confusion"
"I think the [NAME] person is a Prequel and [NAME] memer right? Like this basically confirms it","neutral"
"Well I am the son of a parent who legally immigrated from the [RELIGION] country of Turkey so no thanks jackass.","neutral"
"I left her off because I tried to keep the list to people who were in a little earlier than her.","realization"
"Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...","annoyance"
"I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....","love"
"4Chan's ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to 4Chan.","desire"
"The rams seem pretty happy with [NAME].","admiration"
"As if any of those words mean anything other than "give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"","desire"
"If they are going to do this why not just have individual bathrooms with locks on the doors.","annoyance"
"I hope so. Either [NAME] or [NAME] deserve it the most","neutral"
"Which Ottawa should have done with him 2 seasons ago.","neutral"
"Thank you! My Bravo blog is","gratitude"
"Oh alright fair enough haha. If the sabres dont pan out I'll root for him also!","amusement"
"TURN OFF YOUR ELECTRICAL DEVICES AS FAST AS YOU CAN","neutral"
"Not shocked by the subs [NAME] is active in...","neutral"
"Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported","excitement"
"My overly processed vegan avocados are slowly killing me","disappointment"
"Don't be, this is funny. I love it when [NAME] shows his emotions.","amusement"
"Hate Hate Hate, feels so good.","excitement"
"1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one "socialists" fire departments arent socialist ","disapproval"
"Off topic your username is awesome.","admiration"
"Well, that's mean :'(","neutral"
"Thanks man. Thought that counts.","gratitude"
"We did it, finally?! Idk weird timing.","neutral"
"Actually a carrot","neutral"
"it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right ","love"
"yeah [NAME] was reminding [NAME] that he should remain calm and not go crazy on the last 10 seconds of every round","neutral"
"So does [NAME] :(","neutral"
"Lmao, I remember [NAME] saying this was the best game he'd ever played and was debating whether he should switch from HS.","amusement"
"Ohhhhh yeah.","excitement"
"Yeah, not the rich,that makes sense to me. I'm just commenting on the title saying billionaires are bad for democracy","annoyance"
"i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.","gratitude"
"Nice try Iwobi","admiration"
"Would your 20s have been better?","curiosity"
"I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.","disgust"
"My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.","caring"
"Don’t regret the time, had it been sooner you might be absent a kid or three! ","realization"
"“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao","disapproval"
"Bro, this is not what this sub is for.","disapproval"
"Yeah thank you. I think I would want to know exactly what they didn’t like so I know what I can improve on.","gratitude"
"Wait, there’s a little more dust. TIFU by cooking my girlfriend for forty dinners.","remorse"
"If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking "So down to earth and amazing!!1"","admiration"
"Imagine we hadn't spent money on Barkley, Drinkwater, and Bakayoko. The money there would've been enough to buy someone like Isco","neutral"
"I pray in the space I have inside my truck :)","approval"
"I have a religious friend who i agreed with early on that we could make fun of each other's beliefs/lack of. We're still best friends :)","neutral"
"He's getting rest. We're trying to see how he can handle the starter's role.","neutral"
"I have a lot of unopened DM’s but thanks","gratitude"
"Same.. that was brutal","neutral"
"Just be respectful.","neutral"
"Is there really anything more to know about?","neutral"
"I can't believe this team beat Winnipeg last week, handily too. That effort hasn't been there since. ","surprise"
"[NAME], she said the same laughably ignorant thing about unemployment as you... so you have as much expertise on the topic as a 29 year-old bartender. ","neutral"
"YES!!!! I will never understand why some post rants complaining that they cant make $$ off another persons hard work.","approval"
"Dude it was an old video. Your porn math is way off.","annoyance"
"My 2 favorites 🔥","love"
"This person should be outed to the world. What a reckless pos","anger"
"Join Wattpad! There are many great books and it's free :) If you want "real" books, [NAME] is definitely worth reading. ","admiration"
"Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station","optimism"
"True, but [NAME] mocking someone for making a choice that, realistically, isn't a choice at all is still an oblivious thing to do.","disapproval"
"That's great!","admiration"
"i think if you truly thought it was wrong, you wouldnt defend it to this extent. see you","approval"
"When [NAME] shoots FTs you can really see the belly of that guy in the front row. It's awesome","admiration"
"When is that? There will always be supporters who don't support the players.","approval"
"Thanks, I felt underappreciated until now!","gratitude"
"🙄 i hate these people.","anger"
"I want to change though. If I'm around those people I will remain the same way. Right?","optimism"
"Same. I was not rooting for the Pats. I WAS rooting against the chiefs. The AFC West is ours and ours alone :)","desire"
"They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +","disapproval"
"Really curious to know how you know what people are going to think in 500 years, you ass.","desire"
"I literally teared up reading this. That poor, poor guy. He has a great attitude, but that's heartbreaking.","admiration"
"lol a milquetoast anarchist’s take on Marxism","amusement"
"I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD","joy"
"I thought [NAME] trained her after the boxing was over?","confusion"
"No is just apologize and explain the situation","neutral"
"You ain't stoppin me *insert insult used by outlaws to mock sheriffs *","neutral"
"Im there as well, You get into these habits and become complacent its like your watching your life in 3rd person. For me that is.","caring"
"Well ya but it's kinda too late for that unfortunately","neutral"
"Welcome back :D","gratitude"
"Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!","love"
"It's my masterpiece.","pride"
"His videos are great.","admiration"
"Chaintip is coming back, it's just taking me a while!","neutral"
"not really but [NAME] has written many interesting books on the subject.","neutral"
"His name is [NAME]. He's kinda funny, you should check out his other work.","amusement"
"Haha I hear ya man. Congrats! It's a real ride.","amusement"
"Huh I would figure the Royce's have been lost in the shuffle of thousands of characters introduced since Waymar, rather than a late bloomer.","neutral"
"Memorialising is fine but he is just spamming the sub","neutral"
"I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty. ","disappointment"
"I'm baffled","confusion"
"I think [NAME] said it best. When two people watch the same video and see completely different events....there's no fixing that.","neutral"
"That motto is awesome!","admiration"
"Id rather have them be physically ok and make amends with [NAME] later than have one without the ability to communicate efficiently forever but have their feelings alright.","optimism"
"Sounds nice owo","admiration"
"Counteracting my cold soul takes sacrifice","neutral"
"But he did not go in front of [NAME]. He simply slid in front of the gun","neutral"
"satisfying, really.","approval"
"I have seen the movie Nosferatu. Believe it or not, I wasn’t even born when it was released!","neutral"
"Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good","neutral"
"Did he say skinny wieners?","confusion"
"She likes sending nudes? I mean, just go with the flow and see what happens. ","neutral"
"From the east side of the river into Hartford, it isnt bad. My commute into downtown would only be 15-20 minutes coming from Vernon. ","neutral"
"What really got [NAME] bigger that much?","curiosity"
"FUCK NO NOT FUCKING AGAIN","anger"
"Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!","neutral"
"Ugh, thanks. I'm still working through it emotionally 😂😂 so funny about worrying over the stain! ","amusement"
"That was hot!","admiration"
"I didn’t even really want to be a graphic designer, I just felt like I should pick SOMETHING","annoyance"
"Well unless you have an audio recording, people are gonna struggle to diagnose it for you any further I’m sorry. ","remorse"
"love em or hate em I think we can all agree that was blatant PI","confusion"
"I agree with that sentiment. But Doordash is not a job worth doing. I worked for less than minimum wage all summer.","realization"
"But then she can’t be there for her son due to prison for battery. But it probably would be pretty cathartic","confusion"
"That was the same sunset! Very cool, thanks for sharing.","admiration"
"Is this an /r/antijokes ?","neutral"
"I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰","love"
"I love how this is worded.","approval"
"Make a doctor's appointment and say you are experiencing lack of sleep because of anxiety. Doesn't get easier.","sadness"
"I love [NAME], but this sounds like he’s claiming signing a 26 year old superstar is stupid. Come on.","disappointment"
"This has been a bizarre day of coaching decisions","annoyance"
"Equally, or better - local example: greedy [NAME]. You just know that if his company was adept at tax avoidance, he does the same.","neutral"
"3 under 3?! You are a true hero.","admiration"
">Dupage county Dupage County just elected a Democratic rep, what on earth are you talking about.","confusion"
"Excited? No. Sitting back with popcorn? You bet. Sorry, privilege of not living in the united States.","excitement"
"It's perfectly fine","approval"
"Congrats y'all!!!","gratitude"
"Mine were huge. I wasn't comfortable until I had them reduced. Now they're awesome.","admiration"
"Shame..","neutral"
"It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.","sadness"
"I never said I was brave, I just said that compared to the average great white 6ft is small","embarrassment"
"lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :)","amusement"
"That's why I get my info from reddit, and use Facebook to keep in touch with the fam.","caring"
"I think [NAME] would guard his butt but [NAME] would try dropping 50 on his head.","neutral"
"Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.","neutral"
"The jealousy is more akin to a little sister who doesn't like that her dad isn't giving her all the attention.","neutral"
"Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔","amusement"
"I live in Orlando, where was this? lol","amusement"
"Why would you cross while an event is going...","neutral"
"I just switched to the extra srength coconut oil one and i absolutely love it","love"
"I'd say Sprite as chaser","neutral"
"? sometimes i play ffa with my friends to have fun","amusement"
"And stole your ice cream","neutral"
"Yes... This video that we're in the comment section of is the sequel to the video that I posted... Which is the prequel.","realization"
"OMG you guys rock lol","admiration"
"watching [NAME] attempt hook shots gives me a panic attack, even when he makes them (which is rare)","fear"
"Ha! Had to go back and look. Pens.... I was seriously wondering wtf this was, a giant penis-shaped gummy bear?!","surprise"
"Complain about it.","neutral"
"Oh, sorry! I clicked on your profile and thought you posted this in the BPD sub sorry 😅","sadness"
"Trust me, you can anthropomorphize anything and fuck it. Or at least, that’s what the internet has taught me.","annoyance"
"This is me all the time, a mixture of anxiety and dread.","anger"
"No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.","disapproval"
"ISU was missing players and had to choke that game away pretty hard in order to lose","neutral"
"It’s tinder no one cares if they get blocked cringe to you is funny to them","amusement"
"Probably has to do with that fact that she is, predictably, a [NAME]. ","neutral"
"They can always fall back on Married with Children re-runs.","neutral"
"Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy","disappointment"
"Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!","gratitude"
"You'd have to be clinically retarded to not understand how Mastodon works. Also, Pleroma is better.","admiration"
"Currently listening and loving it.","love"
"MUSK is just HITLER if you remember that: M=HI U=TL S=E K=R!","neutral"
"Don’t let the bastards grind you down. I’m so sorry for this experience. No one deserves to be treated that way.","approval"
"Lived in multiple cities across the UK, never seen a bus service as consistent, cheap and generally amazing as Edinburghs.","amusement"
"im so sorry you had to go trougth that. it's a shame people are so stupid to deny someone the attention they need becouse their gender.","remorse"
"I read that whole thing, so damn funny. But seriously, all those guys need to be sterilized.","amusement"
"May your test be negative and your New Year's be happy!","joy"
"I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.","desire"
"Apparently. I genuinely like [NAME]. Why can’t I reminisce without being judged. Good grief","gratitude"
"We're going in a couple of weeks. It was easy to get her to go and she wants to","neutral"
"What got me was Fairfield, Trumbul, Stratford closed.... Bridgeport 2 hour delay!!!","disappointment"
"LOL how he not amused?! They dont like the truth haha","amusement"
"I love how his armor got bigger and bigger as he got progressively fatter.","admiration"
"Why make it a video? Could have just been a text post.","approval"
"Aw no. Don't tell me you are out of epic quips to rek the trumpist incel fascist nazi?","disapproval"
"Imagine my shock","neutral"
"I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache","annoyance"
"Frame data won't save you from 50/50s that can be initiated off of lights in VT1. He's probably the most explosive character in the game.","neutral"
"these [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible","disgust"
"[NAME] was not aware that I had managed to diss the entire New Labour legacy in so few words but you read what you want to... hun?","amusement"
"Thank you. You too.","gratitude"
"Except they call him. He doesn't go to their campuses and try to pick off the weak.","neutral"
"Welp. Guess I'm gonna get fat.","confusion"
"I personally believe [NAME] is asexual, other characters in simillar situations all get hints toward homosexuality but I can't remember any for [NAME].","approval"
"My [NAME]. I think we have a winner. IT'S. A. REAL. PLACE. Best part","confusion"
"Is ketaconazole scheduled?","curiosity"
"[NAME]? You can't walk by without squishing his cheeks!","neutral"
"Too bad I already got a college degree 5 years ago. ;) Would love to go back to school again.","love"
"Do what your username is. They aren't comparable is the slightest.","neutral"
"Thank you! That’s good to hear. I like presenting the place as it is.","excitement"
"That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.","approval"
"I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!","joy"
"Now that's ride sharing!","excitement"
"This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]","admiration"
"I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend. ","anger"
"Nah man [NAME] gets made fun of more than anyone lmao","amusement"
"[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol","joy"
"Imagine getting woken up by it trying to beat down your door","neutral"
"I don't even know what I'm going to do when the winter break ends. These posts are the sunshine of my life.","neutral"
"There is still time.... though I dont expect anything to change as Activision dont care about the community hell neither do Treyfail","disapproval"
"Visit Texas, or come to AZ. Then you’ll understand.","neutral"
"I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.","fear"
"Stay strong.","caring"
"And ammo?","neutral"
"I second this. Revlon makes a great cuticle oil with Jojoba and a few other oils in it.","neutral"
"I can see the posters now... "Come to Barnsley, it's full of people just like you". ","neutral"
"Pleasure. I hope you find the virtues you are seeking in life my friend.","caring"
"I don't even understand stuff is going on, I just laugh and hope it's at the right time. ","amusement"
"It's a reference to an old tweet [NAME] sent about [NAME] when he was still in Congress ahah.","neutral"
"Those are still huge numbers for a guy that can’t even take a free throw without double clutching his shot.","excitement"
"All of season 6 is terrible","disapproval"
"To be fair, are those things really mutually exclusive (as far as this show is concerned)?","curiosity"
"The similarity to cigarette companies is eerie.","curiosity"
"Listen to only [RELIGION] music.","neutral"
"Most police departments have something similar, and it's the name.of the big LEO sub.","approval"
"I dont even try to land it, half the time if I am flying low a building or the ground will suck me up and destroy the plane","annoyance"
"He’s just behind [NAME] and [NAME]. Having 2 second rows on the bench would’ve been overkill when we’ve got [NAME] available.","neutral"
"Looks like any time there’s a huge spike in viewers, it’s a crossover. Legends sure has a really pathetic turn out. ","nervousness"
"I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe","sadness"
"Congrats on catching up to much of the developed world.","gratitude"
"Didn't notice the date, sorry.","neutral"
"[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]","admiration"
"Our o-line was great outside of 2 games this year. My [NAME] did you even watch or pay attention to this team this year?","curiosity"
"Well who knows what valve thinks. I don’t like Lyrical and Maut either.","disgust"
"I don't about bringing it into the country but CBD is everywhere here","neutral"
"ADD is also a DISORDER And yet no one crys "Why oh why does my kid have ADD? WHAT DID I DO WRONG?!"","curiosity"
"[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 ","approval"
"[NAME]. Im sorry","gratitude"
"I go to the same hairdresser as [NAME], and she told me we were interested. Dunno how she got her info though.","surprise"
"dude, you need a some sun on those damn things you call legs. ","neutral"
"Now I'm just picturing you going up to another kid and going "MAA!"","excitement"
"“Inside sources” really don’t help the story even if this is true","disapproval"
"I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx","embarrassment"
"omg good bot","joy"
"And then they claim that being incels have nothing to do with their personalities.","neutral"
"Why? I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone not like [NAME] irl or here. Witten I can see though.","curiosity"
"The title is a lie. I dislike what the APA is doing as much as anyone else, but how bout we dont sensationalize it.","curiosity"
"[NAME] was dork anyway. Be happy he ain't our hero.","joy"
"I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.","disgust"
"Yeah. Like you.","gratitude"
"I think that would be stretching the usual usage of whataboutism. Obviously I am not the arbiter of what it means as a new word.","disapproval"
"Maybe don't be friends with this person anymore...","annoyance"
"Low hanging fruit my friend, [NAME] the easiest target or them all.","neutral"
"Do you have the link to her GoFundMe?","neutral"
"Please don't use it as toothpaste. It will destroy your teeth.","caring"
"Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.","disapproval"
"They started seeling alcohol a while ago, when she called her mafia friend to get help for the speakeasy.","anger"
"What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍","joy"
"Big thanks dude! This will really help me out","gratitude"
"Minus the eyebrows I personally think it’s an attractive look. But the fucking eyebrows ruin it all.","anger"
"Oh that's lovely.","admiration"
"That makes a lot of sense. I appreciate you taking the time.","admiration"
"Where did he ever want to nuke women's rights? Could you provide me with a source","curiosity"
"That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.","neutral"
"I mean going on a dating show when you have a girlfriend though","neutral"
"What does an endorsement really do though? Does it seem like a publicity stunt?","curiosity"
"if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.","disapproval"
"A "Texas DUI" sounds like a weird sex move. ","disgust"
"Fuck if I only could have those a single family home prices back :( maybe I wouldn’t be living in my RV","neutral"
"at least you got to experience that","neutral"
"And of course, instead of calling out the men responsible for this behavior, the "Not all men" crowd has arrived in full force.","neutral"
"[NAME] being 50-33 against winning teams kinda suggests it wouldn't matter that much if their division were better. Maybe have gone to 7 superbowls instead of 8.","annoyance"
"He referenced us!!!! And we're gonna have to do something about delicious","joy"
"So basically she’ll fall even more for him lol","amusement"
"I didn't have an umbrella and got wet but it's so damn humid still it's all stanky feeling outside.","disapproval"
"I'm so glad to hear that! Good luck rebuilding yourself.","optimism"
"Agree she doesn't deserve happiness since she has taken it from you!!","approval"
"and [NAME] got blessed with a LocationBot cat fact?! There is no justice in the world...","sadness"
"It's the number it came from","neutral"
"The [NAME] did send his only son to score for our Pens! We are REDEEMED!","neutral"
"Weird flex but ok","annoyance"
"This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!","annoyance"
"hope everything ended up alright, op! ","optimism"
"Same with [NAME]. I was even disappointed Parks and Rec had newt gingrich on for a cameo.","disappointment"
"Speech should be illegal if it is an incitement to violence or a call to commit crime. Everything else, however repulsive it might be, must be legal ","disapproval"
"$20 too much","surprise"
"My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team. ","relief"
"Thanks love <3","gratitude"
"This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤","annoyance"
"The tree actually moved!!! Who is this guy?!","annoyance"
"Well yeah! Doesn't everyone? I'm in the one about ED. I guess I'm a natural deflator. 🤷","neutral"
">tfw she was explaining to him what a nuclear explosion would do","curiosity"
"Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D","admiration"
"Okay, two men's fault.","neutral"
"My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.","approval"
"So basically she’ll fall even more for him lol","amusement"
"Go Army!","neutral"
"Thanks. We'll do our best :)","gratitude"
"I spent a week in Ottawa one night. Amazing architecture but awful, filthy, drug infested city. Terrible ppl and a dirty trash hole.","admiration"
"If that's true OP, you've lived quite a sheltered existence.","approval"
"he's pretty badass.","disgust"
"I'm replying just bask in the glow with someone else! Yay!!","excitement"
"It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.","desire"
"DEGENERATES LIKE YOU BELONG ON A CROSS","neutral"
"USC had 4 guys commit 2 fouls in the first half. This might become a war of attrition.","fear"
"Survival of the toughest.","approval"
"This is the best quote I have ever read on reddit.","admiration"
"[NAME] everyone hated that map on lans we played.... but i loved it and forced it up their throat","neutral"
"I’m embarrassed how long it took for me to figure this out. 🤦🏼‍♀️","embarrassment"
"At the time it was a steal, and all the players we traded have basically been worst case scenario for the A's.","neutral"
"this is fucking beautiful coaching not sure what combination of our coaching and defensive coordinators cooked up this scheme but [NAME] this is basketball porn","neutral"
"You are right and why you get downvoted?","approval"
"Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.","anger"
"this songs gonna get stuck inside yo this songs gonna get stuck inside yo this songs gonna get stuck inside yo heeaaaaad!!!","neutral"
"omg i have no idea why but i heard this in [NAME]' voice and it was better than a bible.","joy"
"Lol thanks.","gratitude"
"I'm sure that's a really important issue to you that consumes your daily life...","curiosity"
"FBI open up","neutral"
"LOL this lasted long.","amusement"
"No offense but this shit just not working in some people. So they likely to say they are placebos(same applies for me too unfortunately)","annoyance"
"I honestly don't know much about them at all, but hey, I'm young and I don't know everything yet, so.","neutral"
"Glad you came to your senses. Go feel uncomfortable about Lola bunny in Space Jam again.","caring"
"They're living their fantasy.","neutral"
"A world where I despise a good number of republicans AND democrats.","disapproval"
"Doesn't help that it's not actually cheese. Looks like a pretty standard Vegan mac+whatever you wanna call it","disapproval"
"Most parents do that to make their kids take vitamins and eat vegetables. Who cares?","annoyance"
"MORE OF THAT PLEASE NORMAN!!!","desire"
"I appreciate this reference very much","admiration"
"gardnier has been a turnover machine tonight","neutral"
"Guy who posts on r/steroids talking about the shortcomings of others, oh boy","neutral"
"Why is it that EVERY SINGLE TIME ONE OF THESE HAPPENS I’m only like a day late","annoyance"
"> Think before you speak The amount of times you should have take that advice beggars belief.","neutral"
"The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.","disgust"
"Did you win? We need one positive thing out of this disaster of a Saturday night.","curiosity"
"This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂","fear"
"It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!","neutral"
"You’re your own worst enemy","annoyance"
"Humans are weird creatures","fear"
"Yeah I’m working with my therapist to help me identify certain behaviors early and pay attention to the red flags.","neutral"
"I'll be shocked if humanity makes it to 2100. But yeah. It's a miracle I'm alive since I had the toe on the trigger.","surprise"
"I always admire a pinch of salt in anything. I can't upvote you enough sir.","neutral"
"smell that? desperation. You can smell it.","excitement"
"Its true. This week my family and I have found out that there is someone for everyone. I tell you there are some weird people out there.","neutral"
"Anyways. Weird behaviour of it when it was happening is that it hid itself when the video was paused then reappeared as the video continued.","embarrassment"
"as a guy who has the ability to repair circuit boards, oh god oh fuck this is beyond cursed","neutral"
"Nothing to worry about. 4 inches is fine. You will do well because you are a nice guy.","neutral"
"What are these other non stick options?","curiosity"
"Nice man!! Wish you guys the best. Here I am FA again after a 2 1/2 year relationship ended lol so enjoy it while it lasts","gratitude"
"That’s not populism, that’s demagoguery. Subtle, but big difference. ","neutral"
"And somehow everyone in the sub is a saint who would never do this","neutral"
"What a weird character to use for something like this","annoyance"
"Damn hippies.","annoyance"
"That’s exactly what it was. Exciting entertainment. Sometimes you just gotta let go & accept it for what it is.","approval"
"Right. Boiling frogs. But I feel more hope today than I have since any day in the last two years except November 6, 2018.","optimism"
"Oh, I've thought about it... a lot, but I just couldnt do that. Even though he really deserves it!","admiration"
"Great shot, from experience very difficult. ","approval"
"What did he say about [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Oh jeez. Just look at her eyes compared to the other girls.","realization"
"It’s showing up on mobile aswell, the double slash is weird for me though, probably on his end","disapproval"
"[NAME]. Hands down. When your own mother doubts your abilities you've got some problems.","disappointment"
"I know the feeling, but you’re not disgusting. Happy new year!","disgust"
"Maybe had a bad experience with [NAME]? But [NAME] and [NAME] still seemed like good friends what with [NAME] visiting the Solo set...","confusion"
"That's the theme of this excellent play:","admiration"
"I’m not sure how this is really a question. No, you should not allow your child around a known pedophile. In any capacity.","neutral"
"> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.","anger"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** aerosvision! ^(hug)","love"
"I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?","confusion"
"That was straight up reckless","annoyance"
"If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.","disgust"
"I feel like anytime a store accepts crypto is a way to get out of reporting income on taxes heh.","amusement"
"Bruh fox and heild look like the same dude","neutral"
"I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)","optimism"
"I love [NAME]","admiration"
"2016 was also the worst year of my life","annoyance"
"quality content owo","neutral"
"Me too. They just slow everything down.","neutral"
"Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!","anger"
"OMG If you like weed with dust, hairs, & whatnots...","surprise"
"Probably, but fuck Reddit then. Personal safety is up to the person, not public opinion.","disapproval"
"seriously... if he was going to play in LA he wouldn't do it with a 2 hour commute lol. he would just buy a mansion in LA","approval"
"I highly doubt they will do another multiclass character after what [NAME] did to the game.","confusion"
"Bad execution but it made me smile through the cringe. The sentiment is definitely relatable.","fear"
"I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!","joy"
"Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.","disappointment"
"How autistic.","neutral"
"The logic is so the government can oppress you.","neutral"
"Never mind the delays. Fish, unlike Wine or cheese doesn't improve with age.","approval"
"Wow, they are actually struggling against the Hawks for 3 full quarters. ","excitement"
"I mean, let's not pretend [NAME] wouldn't be screaming murder if this happened at Spa instead of NVA","neutral"
"I owe NOTHING and they take more than that every year ;)","anger"
"Yeah, you can. I know people who've done it. Maybe not in your city? Regions do vary.","neutral"
"Its ridiculous.","annoyance"
"[NAME] making his triumphant return after snagging #1 last year 🙌","neutral"
"> I'm clearly not even a student I guess you've never heard of "you" being used as a general address.","surprise"
"I don't think that's how it works chief","neutral"
"you would love the episode of the boondocks called the return of the king.","neutral"
"This scene was priceless! Trash TV gold.","admiration"
"By the end of the trailer, I actually forgot spidey is dust for now.","realization"
"I had a young woman patient who was repeatedly found on the floor, naked and masturbating.","disgust"
"What an absolute professional.","admiration"
"Just wanna boop that T I N Y B O Y E on her snoot and hear her Bork Bork Edit: we don’t preserve dogs","desire"
"oh cool! Must be tiring for [NAME] though. Looking forward to watching them!","approval"
"I LOVE [NAME]. I truly do. I will be happy to vote for her, but pointing out clear differences is not negative.","joy"
"He has a girlfriend. Unfortunately she is not thick. He needs to take a page out of [NAME] book.","neutral"
"I like it!","admiration"
"Neko Atsume is a really wholesome and cozy game too!","neutral"
"Big Sexy!","neutral"
"As a teacher, I agree. Adding 'under [NAME]' just makes it feel all the more forced and disingenuous.","approval"
"Ding ding ding! We have a winner!","excitement"
"Not the point, and also I'm sure this means raider can dodge gb it.","approval"
"I take it they don’t train high risk traffic stops in Arkansas?","neutral"
"You're right my bad, I am just trying to find out what it is.","approval"
"He should get some help from [NAME]","gratitude"
"Today I wish I were a black bear.","neutral"
"We got some good sex scenes or is it blue balling BS?","curiosity"
"... but he LOVES you. Perfect.","neutral"
"My cockatiel is sitting on my knee. I gave him a hug and promised no more pets.","approval"
"I guess that depends on the department. If you've racked up a ton of vacay time, it's possible for some cops to smoke weed lol.","realization"
"but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.","remorse"
"Are you serious? The entire site determines what to show you based on upvotes.","approval"
"I'm so jealous of people who have natural red hair. I think it's so unique and pretty.","admiration"
"This. Literally this post. This post is a good start. :)","admiration"
"I just wanna say, I appreciate you making it into a gif. I wouldn't have watched the video. So thank you.","admiration"
"Dude is really nice. But I’m gonna be so upset if we ignore our huge need for a small forward again.","admiration"
"That’s awesome!","admiration"
"Go to rehab","neutral"
"Interesting. Can you give some examples?","admiration"
"Hey buddy, wear did you ear like van-go.","neutral"
"Imagine that, a powerful union. Maybe we should join one and reap the benefits!","neutral"
"Not seeing why that's depressing.","confusion"
"Just saying no one gets fired for missing the playoffs for one season","disappointment"
"I ended up with my kneecap dislocated like that back in the 80’s (it was a tragic hackysack accident). 12/10 would not recommend.","annoyance"
"Best of luck in Cleveland, Plaw Dog!","caring"
"Considering you could do it and be out over a highschool summer vacation, why not?","curiosity"
"I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. ","caring"
"Ah yes, resort to ad-hominem attacks when you have nothing else to say.","annoyance"
"That’s possibly why he couldn’t get rich or famous in Hollywood without LVP propping him up.","approval"
"One of my favourite [NAME] moments","joy"
"Omg! An attentive parent actually teaching their children to safely handle guns! The horror!","grief"
"Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.","confusion"
"Thanks but not pictured: my 3” heels I usually have to tip toe to kiss the dude🙎🏻‍♀️","desire"
"Getting jealous over exes is hard to overcome but they are EXES, he/she doesn’t want them, they want you.","caring"
"I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.","sadness"
"Iq designed by the military to see who would be the best pencil pusher subordinates","joy"
"Go over your own play and see what you can do better, make calls","neutral"
"Thats fair. I know its a joke it just always struck me as odd how people wrote it off. No worries.","amusement"
"I'm sure it was Leyou, the Chinese chicken farm company, that had shares, and not Tencent.","neutral"
""Get the fuck out of the fucking chair", or something to that avail.","anger"
"That's *a* puppy. Unclear if it's *her* puppy...","neutral"
"This is brilliant.","pride"
"Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable","admiration"
"I do have a drain beside the water heater, thanks I'll look into getting a drain pan.","gratitude"
"[NAME]","neutral"
"This works for me too. Not sure why either.","confusion"
"Migrants are here legally, illegals aren't. There is a huge difference.","neutral"
"Well, my answer tried to be funny and witty. But apparently it struck some insecurities in some guys.","amusement"
"and...?","confusion"
"Ahh okay, that makes a lot of sense. But you're totally right, we've just gotta work as hard as possible.","approval"
"Monster hunter world is making me desperately want to stay up all night and play it. But I can't make it past 11pm anymore 😫","neutral"
"I'm asking if you didn't realize orthodoxy considers not Orthodox movements to be wrong. I'm asking if you didn't realize what the implications are","annoyance"
"LOL where did you hear that?!","amusement"
"I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -","fear"
"I can when enough time has passed. I've got each of their playoff games from that year and it's fun to relive it during the offseason.","joy"
"HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!","admiration"
"No! That's horrible news!..for Galaxy fans lol","amusement"
"If state showed any competence they would sue on behalf of the residents.","approval"
"Not in the slightest. Who would have guessed the [NAME] would do this LMAO.","amusement"
"Ah that's my school but I have yet to see this one, gotta keep swippin ","curiosity"
"An uproar would be an escalation of his behavior and if he starts stalking me in real life or making threats.","annoyance"
"Dude, you made my day. ","joy"
"#Art by Smouii on Paladins , [Find the artist on twitter as well","neutral"
"You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.","annoyance"
"Theres not really any structure or composition to this. The color scheme is tight but it's just kind of thrown on there without any direction.","neutral"
"Sucks when people misunderstand philosophy right","anger"
""Don't eat pork! Not even with a fork!"","neutral"
"Doesn't look like any 12 year old I've ever seen.","neutral"
"Yeah I forget where I clicked from sometimes and accidentally upvote so I have to scroll back up and un-upvote lol","neutral"
"Ahhh more and more selfish","annoyance"
"I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠","anger"
"So the watering down continues. When will the democrats stop losing the battle before it's fought?","confusion"
"If Spider-Man 2 is a “failed movie” then so is The Dark Knight and all the LOTR movies.","neutral"
"I am very thankful for that. And thankful I wasn’t totally brainwashed","gratitude"
"No, I'm saying they are equally critical.","sadness"
"And then I got to meet the president. My name is [NAME] and this is my homo story.","neutral"
"DRAG HER QUEEN","neutral"
"The table actually hit her in the back of the thighs, breaking her fall in the process. She was probably fine long-term","relief"
"I see, thanks for the clarification.","gratitude"
"The abilities look cool, but that trait is a little dull. It's almost exactly the same as [NAME].","neutral"
"We need to end the nonsense of objectivity in teaching. Students need to hear how educated adults think.","neutral"
"I want to thank you for seriously entertaining me today. Best clip ever.","admiration"
"Man I hate kids","annoyance"
"Dude, I think you've just proven my point. ","approval"
"Nah, there's no such message.","approval"
"Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.","remorse"
"omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well","disgust"
"Not probable, I study in the best university in my country, I don't want to stop at all","admiration"
"I'm glad you're feeling better! Keep smiling :)","caring"
"It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out "stop yelling!!!" when she's the only one yelling.","annoyance"
"As an [NAME], I apologize for the cranky old conservatives who are probably making ridiculously uninformed comments about your country right now :/","disappointment"
"This is almost worse than Santa Con. Can we get millenials to destroy this please.","anger"
"I run medic all day every day.","neutral"
"Morelos is an animal plain and simple. He has been consistently endangering players for far too long.","pride"
"You didn't tell me there was a gas lesk!","disappointment"
"Low sex drive is not uncommon, but one must make sure that one never marry someone with low sex drive if sex drive is important to you. ","approval"
"Thanks. I'm in the same boat about being against therapy. Good luck to you too.","gratitude"
"But they didn't because it's fake.","anger"
"That's my horse!","neutral"
"Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.","fear"
"Scrambled eggs, chevre, sweet potato chips, and a side of I should probably go shopping. A confusing flex","confusion"
"Ugh I love Stapleton. [NAME] has always really been loyal to the authentic sound though IMO, he definitely stands out. ","approval"
"No, that’s just another way of backing a coup. Sit back and wait. If either side is going too far then offer to help.","neutral"
"The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.","approval"
"One counter example is enough to falsify a claim. It does not matter how many examples there are which agree with the claim.","approval"
"5. Puts you in debt 6. Isolates you from all social interaction 7. Leaves you with nothing but a product you can't sell","neutral"
"> no one wants to smell like a goat. HA! That's amazing. I love it.","disapproval"
"Money is always going to exist sorry","remorse"
"DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!","anger"
"[NAME] has consistently being volatile. It's just a matter of time until she's being rude to [NAME] again.","realization"
"[NAME] — 'There is no love sincerer than the love of food.'","neutral"
"Until they all do anyway and make reinstatement of licensure a condition of return.","neutral"
"I had the same problem","neutral"
"He’s still a handsome fella, imo. ‍♀️","admiration"
"KUBIAK WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN US???","anger"
"I have regrets. But I am trying to make the best of the situation.","optimism"
">According to your premises, you're wrong. Harvard wants to know: your location.","disapproval"
"What was I expecting smh","confusion"
"It's not hypocritical to find annoying behaviour annoying. The two situations aren't mutually exclusive.","approval"
"I make my cows super stronk.","admiration"
"that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.","amusement"
"I live in southern Ohio and my WV based phlebotomist was literally was just telling me about this today,","amusement"
"Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists","joy"
"I just ate my last teva those are my favorite","love"
"They’re as good as tagged","approval"
"same, just found it interesting and sent it so people could see. ","excitement"
"I can't upvote this enough. Thank you for practicing what is preached!","disappointment"
"Timing, most important part of a joke. The what's","amusement"
"WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT","anger"
"Oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?","approval"
"Isn't that what they all say, with the exception of [NAME], yet there they appear.","annoyance"
"My reaction was a dejected "ahhhh damn....."","disappointment"
"We did UK rejected it or only cut so much","remorse"
"Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.","annoyance"
"Putting the opposite outcome of what [NAME] says is a close second imo","neutral"
"And a pretty bad [NAME] too.","embarrassment"
"lol what? The worst defense in the league? [NAME] its like we're trying to tank.","amusement"
"Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!","joy"
"Let it go.","neutral"
"That CAT driver needs to be held accountable. Lucky he didn’t kill someone.","neutral"
"Who wants to muddy the water with facts... Ha","desire"
"I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.","fear"
"Oh now that's receipts.","approval"
"cant wait to see you on the news; future rapist. you sound like a real loser.","neutral"
"Yeah! Despite being from the east coast I've never been in the car when it's hailing so it was a full on argument. Thank you!","gratitude"
"I like waitresses. Aren't they swell.","love"
"I wouldn't mind seeing a discussion with her and [NAME] about their experiences being millennials in Congress. Just having AOC doesn't interest me at all.","approval"
"WE FOUND THE HERETIC AMONGST US!","surprise"
"Is there a dress code for those runways? ( everyone is wearing dark colors then there is frank)","confusion"
"Pretty much. Him and [NAME] will share ball handling duties. Point Lance and Point Outlaw in the house","admiration"
"Enjoy wes virginnie","neutral"
"I love the creative writing that stems from this sub, so entertaining.","love"
"[NAME] is a damn fool. No wonder his ex-wife is his boss and his babysitter.","neutral"
"I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.","love"
"Why is that insane? What specifically?","curiosity"
"Just go through the history of this sub, it's full of them. ","neutral"
"He’s one of them! Get him!!!","neutral"
"The attraction and the action are two separate things, and you know that. No one chooses who they are attracted to. Stop it. ","anger"
"i never liked any star trek but its great listening to them talk about this dumbster fire","neutral"
"Possible Spoiler What about the [NAME] animation?","curiosity"
"Kratz and insertion in the same sentence makes me nauseous for some reason..","neutral"
"TD: "You cant just call everyone you dislike a nazi!" Also TD:","neutral"
"Am just curious to know where this pic was taken. A rare perspective","curiosity"
">Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!","annoyance"
"Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)","gratitude"
"Wow, pretty transphobic to say prostate owners have a penis and non-prostate owners have a vagina. What about the neovagina and front-hole bearers? /s","admiration"
"[NAME] was the "socialist" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning.","admiration"
"If there were ever people who deserved that kind of discomfort it would be someone who tortures native animals.","neutral"
"You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.","anger"
"The wow at the end without an ! really had not emthamused!","surprise"
"Play hard, but we don't want to reveal our secret raptor killing strategy until the playoffs...","optimism"
"Bold of you to assume just about everyone here wouldn't do this for you, you absolute gem","admiration"
"I will pray for your marriage. After we win.","neutral"
"Just saying what is already known really. Nobody will do anything and we'll continue down the same path.","annoyance"
"Oh getting down voats. The EU fascists don't like it when you speak out against the 4th Reich.","disappointment"
"Or he fetishizes about them. You never can tell.","neutral"
"That's a really interesting article. Has effectively nothing to do with myth making though.","neutral"
"But I want to look cute as I eat myself into immobility and an early grave. /s","neutral"
"Pray. I remember that happening a couple weeks ago when the whole system went down internationally. Maybe check your connection and refresh, all that jazz.","approval"
"This is a depressing r/tworedditorsonecup","sadness"
"No Akechi but I’ll take Ren. ([NAME] they’re all so good)","approval"
"What goes up must come down.","neutral"
"Oh no, are you going to be psychologically tormented and cry in the shower about it later? ","neutral"
"Holy balls! I hope that's your neighbor.","optimism"
"I am a leaf on the wind...","neutral"
"They are both just so perfect for each other","admiration"
"If it’s so in demands why are you posting that you can only get unpaid internships","curiosity"
"I would enjoy this if it had a few more pixels.","desire"
"I wouldnt bet much on it.","neutral"
"People are afraid of change. And being in a DB destroys your confidence and self esteem.","fear"
"The reason we’re stuck in the shutdown is the democrats. Plain and simple.","approval"
"Women punish men who ***openly*** process their emotions.","neutral"
"Anyone have that mirror?","curiosity"
"I would not be that mad though. Just disappointed. I am angry at people like you, not the show in itself.","anger"
"And look like big tracts of land.","embarrassment"
"Ha! Thanks - that's very flattering. For my part, FWIW, I always encourage folks to donate to their local farm sanctuary. ^**=o)**","admiration"
"No... that's literally our first rule.","disapproval"
"That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done! ","admiration"
"You were inebriated and eating ratshit.","approval"
"love that, we need more women like you ","love"
"Wow random irrelevant internet person has the secret goods on [NAME]. Maybe we’ll finally get to the bottom of this birth certificate thing...","joy"
"I teach in [RELIGION] school, too. Gotta love the *just and livable wages* the [RELIGION] Church talks about so much!","optimism"
"not much better tbh","neutral"
"some one get me a damn barf bag pease !","disgust"
"You used the correct term. Good job.","admiration"
"That is why the us needs to repeal birthright citizenship. For national security reason.","neutral"
"[NAME] looks like he just saw the Star Wars holiday special.","neutral"
"I read this while taking a sip of tea. Bad idea","anger"
"Your smartly worded refutation of the whole of the rest of Christendom has swayed me completely, Rome is the only true home! Hurrah! Hurrah!","annoyance"
"Was he good back then?","curiosity"
"Or use hot glue to stick the bristles together into one big lump! ROTFL!","neutral"
"No, your cookies will end up flat of you so r heat your oven up pre cook. ","disapproval"
"So true it hurts.","anger"
"Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion","caring"
"You look like [NAME] from firefly :)","neutral"
"Ive initiated with men I dont have ahigh attraction to. I have a high libido. Your post seems overly simplistic of gender.","neutral"
"play chaos control if you want demolition then come back here and complain about getting spawned trapped.","neutral"
"I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.","amusement"
"she'd probably do this","approval"
"Paying respects?","curiosity"
"It is the truth lol","amusement"
"They also have 1 (one) facility that provides 64 percent of their capacity. Mitigate risk much?","neutral"
"That’s typical Wigs. Hot one game, cold the next three. ","neutral"
"Yayy we agree on something. I mean everything's on fire but we agree haha","amusement"
"This was pretty interesting. Creative, disturbing and very original. I honestly thought Hereditary was pretty bad, but I enjoyed this. Thanks for sharing.","approval"
"what a beast","admiration"
"Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!","anger"
"Oh btw this was me yesterday, commenting on that "ugly" ban! ","anger"
"Yep, still fun to theorise though!","amusement"
"but the dayman doesn't have the nightman's sexy hands.","annoyance"
"I’ll take “things that didn’t happen” for $800, [NAME].","neutral"
"Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this","amusement"
"This girl is really hot. tight biker suit and all that.","disgust"
"She is smiling in the picture and, to add insult to injury, seems pregnant in the video.... ","disappointment"
"My arms are hairier than yours and my husband has never minded.","neutral"
"He could have spent way less money on backpage when it was still around or Craigslist...would have gotten around the same quality or better too.","neutral"
"Nah, I think that was a bass lick","neutral"
"Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!","approval"
"Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare. ","annoyance"
"What are you on sir","neutral"
"Dude the kaaba was detroyed three times that's nothing","disgust"
"Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato","approval"
"Sob then! Be with the emotions and let them out until they pass. I always feel better afterwards.","caring"
"My 1 year old ate TWENTY TWO broccoli tots for lunch. And he still wanted a cookie afterwards. Like...what?!","neutral"
"That’s so precious and sweet 😭","admiration"
"Never made it through, it makes me physically ill just seeing images of that monster combined with him describing his incomprehensible evil.","disgust"
"The fact you have to explain this at the third grade level is pathetic. People think somone preventing his own murder is a tragedy.","sadness"
"No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.","disapproval"
"Well damn I guess I timed this post pretty well lol","amusement"
"black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you. ","neutral"
"The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.","anger"
"I am happy for you. No, seriously, I am.","love"
"We did it, finally?! Idk weird timing.","excitement"
"Not sure about “better” but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.","admiration"
"Probably cause our FBs are not strong enough defensively so we need a way to justify playing them","approval"
"Neither does she because her lips are too large to talk","neutral"
"Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong ","approval"
"I feel like I've been transported back to 2011 when I look at the meme","realization"
"I lived for your comment. I'm a goofy goober, yeah. ","approval"
"And yet, it’s bad to manipulate people. Which is what the in laws are doing. ","disgust"
"Haven’t watched the new episode yet but the art definitely reminds me of [NAME] MS Paint art.","admiration"
"That is amazing! Congratulations! Such a great news!","admiration"
"Correct. The LTB judgements are enforced by going through small claims. Which makes for another hurdle for tenants trying to collect judgements.","approval"
"Leave wet puddles everywhere!","anger"
"I unintentionally read this from right to left this time, probably because I recognized this meme and know that it normally is the wrong way. I fooled myself ","realization"
"He actually broke his foot/ankle I think. Happened going down Mt. Lemmon in Tucson AZ a few weeks back.","neutral"
"I thought the joke was going to be that there would be a kiwi (fruit), but this is way more wholesome","neutral"
"What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror","fear"
"Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.","love"
"Yes!!!! My fam says Amein now.","neutral"
"I loved this look and it was good but this comment..","annoyance"
"Damn how do you post something directly to the front page?","disgust"
"Thanks! Going to try this the next time I'm at work","desire"
"Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.","curiosity"
"Yeah but nobody will come to take note of it until Thursday at the earliest","neutral"
"Hey, 3/4 of BB20 was amazing. ","admiration"
"You obviously never seen the MLS playoffs, they make cubo [NAME] look like [NAME].","admiration"
"Stupid is what stupid does - Gump’s Mama","neutral"
"I don't know, but there's probably a word for it in German.","confusion"
"Who delivers mail to the mail mans house","neutral"
"Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.","gratitude"
"Your nurse is an idiot and I'm sorry you dealt with that. Yes you are sterile, and talking to your doctor is a good idea.","admiration"
"Miss you...","neutral"
"I gave undeliverable perishables to a local fire department before","gratitude"
"Mum asked me if I was on those steroids today, I'm very, very obviously natty but my mum always got my back. ","pride"
"He didn't blow anything. She blew it with him. What a fun guy!","disapproval"
"I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns","neutral"
"Now watch this place decend into the same voidless pits that r/soccer belongs to Bring on the half n half OF scarfs","neutral"
"thank you man","gratitude"
""I awoke several hours later in a daze...." 😂","neutral"
"Not to mention that half the women out there are immediately disqualified (at least in my book) by having kids.","disapproval"
"Is this the correct way to dislodge a train? It seems reckless.","confusion"
"2 games damn what was in them burgers","neutral"
"This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.","joy"
"Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink ","disgust"
"Boy it sure is a hot one today, huh?","confusion"
"Well, to be fair to this person, even though he/she sounds like a jerk, that doesn't mean any [NAME] exists or not.","realization"
""antibiotics I had left over from last year" THERE IS EVERYTHING WRONG WITH THIS STATEMENT","neutral"
"He isn't as big, but he's still quite popular. I've heard the same thing about his content. Never watched him much.","admiration"
"Oh, it's thor","neutral"
"Dating [NAME] tends to wear you down, late 20s must’ve been rough","disappointment"
"So edgy. 1/10 Try again. You can put a little more effort into your trolls.","approval"
"will do, thanks for the heads up!","caring"
"oh ok thanks for explaining","gratitude"
"Is it?","curiosity"
"You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit","love"
"We‘re looking good so far","pride"
"I don’t currently have a cool [NAME], but my two best work girlfriends are *both* married to [NAME], so. ","approval"
"Good luck with it all. I hope she recovers. Keep me updated if you remember haha","optimism"
"I would have to imagine this girl has just been training super hard for the past few weeks.","admiration"
"> Just because you're white doesn't mean you should try to speak for white people. That's the joke™","amusement"
"I would think terrible, awful things.","disapproval"
"She actually does that, because she sees that you are happy, but the person behind you really needed that :P","neutral"
"Heh, U.S. only has a partial government right now :/","neutral"
"Ah u/The_White_Baron... I didn't read all of it, but glad I know the reference now","joy"
"Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there","disapproval"
"Sounds like you didn't catch his disease properly then","neutral"
"This is just a stupid question. The answer is who cares? [NAME] is on an entirely different level from [NAME].","disapproval"
"You gotta work on you dude!! If you're not confident you're not ready, get yourself straight And all will fall into place. ","caring"
"It blows my mind that there are still people out there that think pot is more dangerous than alcohol.","amusement"
"Morelos is an animal plain and simple. He has been consistently endangering players for far too long.","annoyance"
"Please ask questions about moving to Denver in the Q&A sticky, thanks! Short answer: no ","desire"
"Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system ","sadness"
"It warms my heart to know that [NAME] is still","neutral"
"shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him","caring"
"Thank you so much. ❤ I'm going to be okay.","gratitude"
"Don't wear out our [NAME]. We need him if this season is going to amount to anything.","desire"
"> we can't john beard that big","neutral"
"Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna ","fear"
"He a cute sneck","neutral"
"Hell yeah if it were me I would be cheesing ear to ear!","neutral"
"But [NAME] is fine","caring"
"I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.","neutral"
"Oh [NAME] if you ever burn anything you will never live it down.","annoyance"
"Hopefully that's patched soon.","optimism"
"Great point.","admiration"
"Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me","excitement"
"That's exactly what I thought too!!!!","excitement"
"First, in war First, in peace First, in sexually transmitted infections","approval"
"Maybe one day you'll open yours and realise feminism helps everyone","neutral"
"Finally, we can put [NAME] down at the bottom like the EXP thief deserves.","approval"
"I'm glad you like doing - you can feel the darkness taking over haha. This honestly sounds like an animated short?","amusement"
"...Oh my","neutral"
"Stop believing everything you’re told.","anger"
"Omg this is awesome. What a witch, I’m so glad they escorted her out. ","annoyance"
"And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.","neutral"
"Aww that was endearing [NAME].","admiration"
"I wonder how fat activism intersects with animal rights tho.","confusion"
"Also put icecream under the taco for a nice sundae suprise 👍","amusement"
""Lol, hold my craft beer."","amusement"
"Apologies, got a little carried away. ","remorse"
""This droid has a bad motivator."","disgust"
"Happy birthday [NAME]!","excitement"
"yeah guys, stop complaining about violent mobs and join one!","anger"
"What a strange song","neutral"
"Wow these thots are desperate.","anger"
"The comics are pretty unbeliavable too","annoyance"
"Hush up. This is one of our greatest accomplishments. Teaching minorities the subtle art of self suppression though mutual degradation was no small task.","admiration"
"Is that not common in your area? I see amish people all the time","confusion"
"Flip him for another 3rd rounder hah","amusement"
"[NAME] didn't do all that much with [NAME] and [NAME] and a much better supporting cast either.","neutral"
"I’m 40 and I’ve never lied about my age or weight. People take themselves so seriously!","neutral"
"That depends, some are only on low t doses with shit genetics while others are blasting tren with their break fast","neutral"
"> i can't hug nagisa mood","disapproval"
"Keep yer grubby paws off our Dlo.","disgust"
"Thank you, this is genuinely helpful. ","gratitude"
"[NAME]? Hahha. He'll bring in the 22nd century.","approval"
"Not under [NAME]. Under [NAME] desperate greedy extreme partisan coward politics. They purposely brought racism front and center.","approval"
"I have a book that outlines why [NAME] reject [NAME] on the grounds of prophesies. Maybe you could work off of those?","confusion"
"[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.","anger"
"Looks like I’m getting an incredibles suit designed for me in this class","excitement"
"Ugh Morons stop breeding","annoyance"
"That's what I ended up actually doing.","realization"
"What to expect from a book author that has nfc that there is no "3D" in Unity's name.","neutral"
"Getting AB for anything less than a 2nd rounder + something else definitely isn't realistic.","disappointment"
"damn thats good","approval"
"There's no in between. Your example is the only other way they could have handled it.","disapproval"
"Unfortunately for you, no one of importance cares about your absurd views. ","sadness"
"As a Kentucky fan I’ve watched [NAME] all year and he is legit. Just wish there were a scenario that GB could pick him up.","desire"
"Well I got checked at the last Toulon game haha, so not the case.","gratitude"
"Thanks for your concern. I'd rather get ahead than deal with trying to do this at the last minute because the teacher offers me 0 recourse.","approval"
"If you are in the northern hemisphere, you must subscribe to the [NAME] “seasonal theory of lardons”.","neutral"
"I audibly gasped","neutral"
"I don’t think Bethesda is there yet but the next move they make is very important on deciding if they end up on that list or not","realization"
"I accidentally drop acid all the time. It's pretty commonplace, from what I hear. Just hang out at home.","admiration"
"HE SHOOTS AND SCORES!!!!","neutral"
"I wanna say they beat the Rams twice that year.","neutral"
"Happy cake day!","excitement"
"i wouldn’t want to fight me neither","anger"
"oppressed by nature!","neutral"
"I mean, who doesnt? But youre right, techgore is not the place for it.","neutral"
"same, just found it interesting and sent it so people could see. ","excitement"
"Thanks friend lol","gratitude"
"A lot of people seem really ticked off at the idea of an honourary doctorate.","disappointment"
"To distinguish it from regular, every day, healthy, non-harmful, non-toxic masculinity of course.","neutral"
"Yes religious abuse by parents because their son dared question their religion","gratitude"
"And then they clapped and gave you $100, I'm sure","annoyance"
"Great post, glad you had a good time here. Xpost it to r/travel. ","admiration"
"those pictures of [NAME] are real, he's on Crashing and the way he looked in the premiere was just awful.","approval"
"be careful of the island guy, he is sweet but he can be a lion too"","neutral"
"It's actually pretty cool in here today, not hot at all","admiration"
"I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏","gratitude"
"I mean purely in the context of these pants he isn’t wrong","neutral"
"Thats weak as fuck.","annoyance"
"I just want to point at that yes, fuck [NAME], yes he's subhuman, but that tattoo is not of [NAME]. lol","amusement"
"This thread was actually inspired by one of your comments","admiration"
"Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen","surprise"
"Silver is actually not bad in terms of people playing good comps... its when you get to low gold and high gold that keep me liking silver lmao.","neutral"
"I'm sorry that's what you read because it isn't what I said.","remorse"
"> Government is not entitled to deny contracts because of free speech. Literally yes they are lmfao.","neutral"
"Wow, that’s fascinating! I’d be interested to know the rationale (or lack thereof) for a [NAME]. ","excitement"
"Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.","approval"
"This guy fucking gets it.","neutral"
"You really don't allow children to come forward with bullying until they have video evidence? Lmfao","annoyance"
"Am I the only one who can't get the sound to work?","annoyance"
"[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.","annoyance"
"No joke. Physics or chemistry I can see but comp 101? I’m surprised he has the ability to find the internet","realization"
"dont be scared","neutral"
"I mean Darkfall really has the best combat but the rest of the game lacks.","admiration"
"Still extremely impressive.","admiration"
"I think you two are obligated to go to bed together now.","neutral"
"This may be one of the most hipster things I’ve ever seen. 😂 #NewNashville","surprise"
"Congratulations on the low quality come back. Hopefully one day you can go to therapy to work on your resentment to bartenders. ❤️","admiration"
"Don’t you just hate when they deforest the Sahara desert?","curiosity"
"No the whippet sound is WUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB And then you need another balloon. Spot on with the gunshot though. Just like intense temporary tinnitus.","neutral"
"They aren't wrong here in illinois. :(","realization"
"Great, now my balls hurt and I’m yawning uncontrollably. ","gratitude"
"Put the dip in your butthole. Better buzz and no risk of losing your jaw","anger"
"For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.","caring"
"Why would they stop there with like 15 feet of visibility? It clearly isn’t just the truck drivers fault","anger"
"Lol dont mess with [NAME]!","anger"
"23 minutes! Omg that's too long","neutral"
"this guy rebuttals.","disapproval"
"Minor character but I love [NAME].","love"
"Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].","grief"
"What the hell is that really???","annoyance"
"Can't be perfect every night","neutral"
"I wish bojangles was nation wide, why isn't bojangles nation wide?","approval"
"first time all season im kind of not thrilled with [NAME] post game talk. I wish he would have addressed the PP.","desire"
"And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.","anger"
"Got to study somehow.","neutral"
"Holy shit I didn’t realize he didn’t fumble all season that’s wild","admiration"
"because people like before they watch a third of the video","approval"
"Did it taste good; I bet it tasted good.","optimism"
"You good = are you ready?","approval"
"Nah I get that, it's just AFFIRMATIVE action...unless this went over my head as well lol","amusement"
"Honestly I’d believe it. [NAME] seems stuck in that high school mentality","approval"
"Its deathprofessor lol. That's her Twitter account.","amusement"
"> spending money I think you meant earning. Or they actually spent the money on the way home lol.","joy"
"Are you seriously this dumb?","annoyance"
"Yeah I was just trying to save some money and I've been alright with G2A before","neutral"
"Maybe she recognized you and didn’t want to hear your (obviously) stupid comments.","realization"
"Awesome, let's celebrate! Send the free pack over here ;)","admiration"
"TIL screwing people over is just fine as long as you hide the evidence for long enough.","neutral"
"Thanks fam jam.","gratitude"
"He means they may be down atm","neutral"
"Given [NAME] was in charge of the transition I don't see how he kept his hands clean. I think if [NAME] goes down so does he.","neutral"
"never worth it.","anger"
"[NAME] has so many people shook.","disgust"
"I'd be more worried about the kids needing eye protection at that point.","neutral"
"You're a turd","annoyance"
"Frinkiac not working for you?","disappointment"
"Uh, people kept asking me if I was jailor and I said no, and based on this chat you can also see that jailor is not smart.","disapproval"
"Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too. ","gratitude"
"Props to your dad, you dodged a big bullet there","admiration"
"That's ironic. Because [NAME] isn't getting the Wall funded, we are pulling more resources off the border blockade effort?","curiosity"
"Your previous typo makes your position on the matter slightly ambiguous","annoyance"
"Please explain how this is stupid","anger"
"My oldest jersey is Gilmour, but I'd love to add a Sittler or Salming jersey to my collection. ","love"
"they place it neatly in the basket and the ball thanks them for their manners","admiration"
"i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up","annoyance"
"How about What's New Pussycat? With a playing of Its Not Unusual every seventh time.","curiosity"
"The Swiss military used pigeons until 1994. are cost-effective... Anyway, sounds like DHL is your best bet.","admiration"
"Damn it [NAME], now I have to go down there again.","neutral"
"[NAME]: "She seems useless"","annoyance"
"Happy cake day friend","joy"
"It’s dumb, but now that I think about it I would like to try hot coffee poured over a tiramisu","annoyance"
"that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing","grief"
"Reminds me of [NAME] place too.","joy"
"Wait, what do you mean by NOT tanking? Is that legal?","annoyance"
"I'd rather continue throwing money into these foreign sinkholes than use it to mess up the healthcare markets any further.","anger"
"37 and together 12 years. 11 yo kiddo. Thanks for the tip. You're right.","approval"
"[NAME] really about to get a trip dub against us lol","amusement"
"Were there actually tunnels though? I’ve been there and it was just the lower part of the foundation","neutral"
"Shit out to my little hommies who's parents made them go to school today.","anger"
"[NAME] had a record for not scoring goals for several matches in a row with [NAME] as coach. Never mind that [NAME] was pretty awful during his time at Porto.","neutral"
"I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.","annoyance"
"It's more like depression is the default state. We live in a depressing society.","annoyance"
"I would love it if someone broke that record because that would mean Real would’ve gained another extraordinary player like him. Haha.","amusement"
"Now, this is epic! ","neutral"
"wasn't that a while back?","neutral"
"Can confirm it's very cold in Chicago today","approval"
"I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?","love"
"Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.","neutral"
"Also, [NAME] growl/yelling/screaming at [NAME] in the sumo suit on beach day. ","anger"
"Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*","excitement"
"My ego is pretty ok. My fun-o-meter is a little off and needs calibration probably, though.","approval"
"They sound amazing :)","excitement"
"WYA? I'll come through.","curiosity"
"This is the most Boomer thing i've ever seen","joy"
"Maybe they mean like older kid free? I'd contact the coordinator and ask them if your baby is okay.","neutral"
"She is willing to betray her current BF she will be willing to betray you when shes with you. Red flag don't get back with her.","annoyance"
"[NAME] is Asian. She is also white. She has talked before about how she does not like people to erase either half of her.","neutral"
"only took em all of the time to realize","realization"
"I believe the mentally ill are the ones that spend so much time and effort caring about what I do with my own time and money. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","optimism"
"Gore magala is my favorite monster in mh4u, you did an amazing job!","admiration"
"Season 2 has been fantastic","neutral"
"That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.","disappointment"
"I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊","annoyance"
"That’s crazy! I’ve watched every season 6 times now and I’m just realizing that they are in an office!","amusement"
"Conformity should probably be the norm when a horde of individuals are moving 2000+lb pieces of metal around to individual destinations at 110km/h, tbh.","neutral"
"Uhh speak for yourself. Maybe you're just too jittery, I've not had a problem. You simply dont move the stick and it wont move.","caring"
"SO and I have our limit at calling eachother nerds :3 pretty lighthearted.","realization"
":((","neutral"
"Has there even been a time when a *good* Doxing happened? "We're going to find this guy and hug the crap outta him!"","neutral"
"looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/","disappointment"
"The best part about this is that everyone was trolled from Fox to the Mary Shitbag","amusement"
"Wrong, it's not 365 days a year. Once every four years, it's 366 days a year.","disapproval"
"I stopped watching after I had to suffer through a whole episode without [NAME] removing his shirt","neutral"
"Well then just ice it (if you haven’t already) and hope for the best","optimism"
"Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!","admiration"
"I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger ","approval"
"It hasn’t happened yet. Just talk to the supervisor or HR. In the meantime don’t borrow trouble.","nervousness"
"Very hot take there, It'd be a shame if somebody... disrupted it. ","disgust"
"I don't think this happened at all tbh","disapproval"
"maybe you learned it from the yellow vest movement in France?","curiosity"
"More than half the US states have them on the books. AIPAC is one hell of a cancerous institution.","disappointment"
"Fuck reddit.","neutral"
"Well it obviously helps you rationalize your total unwillingness to take action to make the world a better place. I hope that you grow past that.","admiration"
"Who wrote the IQ tests?","confusion"
"This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.","disapproval"
">I was internally startled but tried to play it cool. Why?","curiosity"
"ah fuck. From xbox to zullily? seriously!?","confusion"
"Tbh may have more luck on r/funny","optimism"
"I have a long term plan. I appreciate the concern.","admiration"
"I'm glad you like doing - you can feel the darkness taking over haha. This honestly sounds like an animated short?","amusement"
"They apologized for that episode.","remorse"
"being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku","neutral"
"I've just thrown all my spoons in the bin. I'll learn to eat yoghurt with a fork.","neutral"
"I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.","approval"
"Agreed, that’s different if it’s their choice, but I would suggest against starting off that way!","approval"
"I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.","optimism"
"Yeah, they are the dumb ones you need to avoid.","realization"
">Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing. ","embarrassment"
"Start an initiative to take away cops guns since you feel so strongly about it","approval"
"What are the odds it isn't someone on this list? I don't remember if the [NAME] hire was totally out of the blue or not","neutral"
"Gotta love the mermaid gems.","approval"
"Same. Even though he’s dad-dicked us 3 years in a row I will always cheer for [NAME].","neutral"
"99.9999999% of sugar relationships involve sex. If you're not interested in sex, you should not sugar.","neutral"
"Ive never done deadlifts. Are they worth getting into in terms of back hypertrophy? I already do rows and weighted pullups.","disapproval"
"That I was unbreakable. It took some serious injuries in “high school” until I realized that I wasn’t.","realization"
"These honestly are getting infuriating. The creator of this made this whole thing up yet Facebook old people take it as reality.","annoyance"
"This is so wildly specific I love it","love"
"I'm not crying, you're crying","grief"
"One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.","neutral"
"I read "Driscoll" as as "Discoroll" and assumed this was in NC.","neutral"
"and...?","curiosity"
"I can do that too but I have diarrhea","approval"
"People are assuming you’ll survive getting your leg cut off right now. Coma seems better.","approval"
"Inheriting your dad's company when he dies doesn't count you spoilt piece of shit.","annoyance"
"Wow!!!","excitement"
"I for one am happy for [NAME] ballin out. Now let's go win this game !!!!","desire"
"No justice with a cop's bullet in your head","neutral"
"That’s awesome man!","joy"
"Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.","disappointment"
"I’ll untwist my knickers when you quit applying some arsehole opinion science on someone else’s mental health condition, deal?","curiosity"
"You’re the whole package... peodphile, necrophiliac, drug addict...","neutral"
"The third picture is creepy.","fear"
"Nah it was just super black friday that day","realization"
"Mine used to tell „you complain too much“. I was also angry when I was with him. I‘m not like that.","annoyance"
"Given [NAME] was in charge of the transition I don't see how he kept his hands clean. I think if [NAME] goes down so does he.","neutral"
"Yeah I don't mind the odd hunter or a daddy long legs but fuck those red backs. And whitetails Those cunts are vicious as all hell","anger"
"Thank you!!!!","gratitude"
"Except for that ridiculous tongue action, she has quite a pretty face.","annoyance"
"It's not "over". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better.","caring"
"I’ll give this a look. Thanks for consideration.","gratitude"
"That is either very bad or very good.","confusion"
"I slightly hate you for triggering my OCD but at the same time it’s glorious","optimism"
"GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY","anger"
"You're the whale and I'll be your tail","neutral"
"Happy cake day!","excitement"
"same, if you breath oxygen you only deserve to get shot and raped.","neutral"
"GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌","disapproval"
"Lol idk how he messed them up but they were like eating rubber or gummy candies almost","amusement"
"good job with being proactive with mental health.","gratitude"
"His work schedule is pretty consistent so I should be able to move out when he's at work. Thanks for your advice.","desire"
"Because, “nah you guys go ahead”","approval"
"The staff there know what they're talking about whether or not you're making money, no matter how difficult will be huge. you are not alone.","neutral"
"I do that on my boyfriend too haha, super soft and makes me feel safe! Maybe we are all crazy","joy"
"The whole paper ballet thing makes tampering a non issue.","neutral"
"This is turtle thing","neutral"
"Lost my kid to the system, wanna see wha the wee lassie has tae say","neutral"
"Shadow of Mordor 3 looks pretty lit","admiration"
"That knife looks awfully familiar... *snorting and claw clicking in the distance*","neutral"
"That may be — we are talking about the stock market, though. :)","joy"
"I’m gonna say smth that’ll blow your mind... people’s opinions... can change...","neutral"
"you’re gonna do just fine","relief"
"i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~( ","sadness"
"I equally love and despise them when they talk about a player diving as "flopping"","love"
"So cringy and desperate","embarrassment"
"It looks like how [NAME] is introducing the comedians in "Whose line is it anyway ?"","neutral"
"Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems","neutral"
"Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.","love"
"No, they need UYU to beat EG.","disapproval"
"I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!","love"
"Tell them to make their penínsulas wide enough for my finger","neutral"
"The guy that started everything vs the guy who will end everything.","excitement"
"Bulls medical staff misdiagnosing again, what else is new","curiosity"
"Shamelessly stolen from","embarrassment"
"Sorry im a french guy","remorse"
"I have a good feeling about the ability to be a left handed gunslinger.. please Rockstar :(","optimism"
"I'll probably do the same thing next year that I did this year and that was targeting [NAME] pretty late","approval"
"Piracy is going to have a massive increase in the coming years.","optimism"
"yeah, you're trying to twist things to fit your narrative.","approval"
"Very legal and cool","approval"
"Hahaha where was this when I started out.","amusement"
"Great story. Maybe it isn't malicious compliance, but I enjoyed it anyway. Damn companies who lack empathy for other humans.","admiration"
"Why couldn't we just carry our ending over to the next game?","neutral"
"He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him. ","anger"
"Ohhh, thank you for enlightening me 😂😂","approval"
"When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.","disgust"
"the NT-242 is my favorite battlefront weapon, by far.","admiration"
"Went on a trip to the Austin area. This park is nice if you haven’t been there. Subscribe if you can. Enjoy","admiration"
"Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.","sadness"
"I feel personally attacked.","sadness"
"Maybe I'm out of the loop, can we get a little more detail please?","neutral"
"Holy shit, that's great!","admiration"
"Yeah seriously! I saw the controller and I thought "don't do it, don't do it!"","neutral"
"Omg the hockey god’s actually helped us !?","surprise"
"Thanks! Thank you for sharing!","gratitude"
"Just grip it and rip it!","neutral"
"That depends on the type. Some are three wheels spinning inside each other and **covered in eyes**.","neutral"
"Np! Good luck!!","desire"
"Let's say for a moment that this was true. How does that get us the truth more often, and more reliably, than science?","neutral"
"#THANK YOU FOR THE RED ARROWS. I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED IT WAS THE TOP COMMENT","gratitude"
"I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her "personality shining"","love"
"Whoa, settle down big texter!!!! Not even sure how that happened?","neutral"
"Stick your -isms up your ass.","anger"
"For reference","neutral"
"I'm curious, what words were used? I cannot for the life of me conjure up the Hindi sentence for this in my brain","curiosity"
"I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.","joy"
"Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍","neutral"
"Wow! I feel like a grade A moron","joy"
"Yeah. Why throw a wrench into a handy conviction?","curiosity"
"So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.","realization"
"It's a shame he didn't trust you enough to believe you, but instead believed his own assessment of what he was worth.","disapproval"
"Im chill af, you complain about being adressed in the language of those you critique...","annoyance"
"Yeah, this just sounds like the usual Seattle understatement.","confusion"
"A work on yourself to change these issues. Or live a life without close connections. At the end of the day its depends on which you want.","caring"
"Why would removing a star make it rainy? Without solar radiation and heat, how would water evaporate to form rain clouds?","curiosity"
"and now her mask is on. make up yer mind","neutral"
"They say nature makes man feel small, but I wasn't expecting this","neutral"
"We are like the douchebusters!","neutral"
"After hearing weights drop - I can't imagine they're that good for the floor....","surprise"
"OMG thank you. Just thank you all","gratitude"
"Agreed. You can't count on him every night. The entire team is frustrating as hell","annoyance"
"So why wouldn’t the white Sox just offer an extra $20 million","curiosity"
"That extraterrestrial little grey creatures don’t exist? That’s definitely a fact but I’m very open to any evidence/proof of the contrary lmao.","anger"
"What if I told you that [NAME] and his supporters don't care about security. They just want to keep brown people out.","disgust"
"Right. I'm gonna need to see some hog now, buddy.","optimism"
"My friend is also interested!!! 👸🏻 Sent u a PM girly!","optimism"
"- (sorry) -","sadness"
"It's Incredible! So glad I could help with this! :D","desire"
"That is disgusting. And not one parent thought that was a *bit* inappropriate? smh","annoyance"
"Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??","embarrassment"
"I see.. so people are just guessing?","neutral"
"Google Tom Green sandwiches. It isn't the kind of thing you explain.","neutral"
"Did nutmeg trip once when in high school. Unbelievable how trippy it was. Made time to super slow too. Key word: ONCE","approval"
"There is nothing worth saying about that insipid shaving cream ad. I haven't seen it and nothing will convince me to change that.","disappointment"
"Thanks. That's a handy resource. My question remains unanswered.","disappointment"
"Hey, that's ok","approval"
"Aw here goes!","excitement"
"Has someone mentioned ghost chips yet? If not, then here they are, because we learnt an important lesson then...","confusion"
"Fo you understand his lingo","neutral"
"Damn dude, nice delts","admiration"
"The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh","neutral"
"First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao","amusement"
"I know exactly who you’re talking about! He has a documentary on Prime!","excitement"
"We know blocking [NAME] was [NAME] choice because he said it was.","neutral"
"You're one unusual table, dude. Edit: Have you ever tried testing your hormone levels? ","curiosity"
"Ahhh, [NAME]: Hero of Eardrums worldwide!","neutral"
""Lazy ass" Oh my, the irony","neutral"
"P o R Z I n G I S","neutral"
"Collusion! Nah but seriously, Knicks need to fall back. ","anger"
"It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!","disappointment"
"Except for [NAME] whose remains are either still on the way to Winterfell or lost altogether","approval"
"I enjoy shouting this at my husband and our friends when they're being especially nerdy.","joy"
"The 100,000 who died in the Tokyo bombing during WWII weren't killed by [NAME], it was just the passive spreading of fire. Fuck off, genocide apologist. ","anger"
"No, I definitely understand that feel and empathize. That can be hard to deal with. How have you been as of late?","approval"
"For those interested, Three Arrows has a great video debunking the "[NAME] were leftists" lie.","admiration"
"Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!","approval"
"Ok. I got it. But it was a house. Just seemed odd lol","approval"
"i didn't figure 3 or 5 hours would break us up","neutral"
"No irony. Liberals are brainwashed.","neutral"
"No clue, all I know is that Shia [NAME] hit themselves for some reason ","disappointment"
"Holy shit, your therapist just (inadvertently) explained SO MUCH in my life, internet stranger.","disgust"
"and here we all thought they just didn’t know what they were doing","neutral"
"That's such a lazy way of looking at things.","disapproval"
"I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.","admiration"
"oh man that actually sounds gross in that context","neutral"
"I'd get the call of the void way too hard here.","disappointment"
"That’s fair, I disagree with you, but I’m not here to change your mind. Was just curious. ","curiosity"
"Hears hoping, best of luck","optimism"
"I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby","remorse"
"I will not be preposition shamed. but yeah, you're right","embarrassment"
"I'm glad you could relate and that you also found some peace and resolution in your relationship. I'm glad we didn't give up!","admiration"
"Stop making yourself human, just stay hollowed and you won't be invaded.","caring"
"I’m sorry about your pup. At least between the two of them she won’t be neglected? I just feel badly for you.","disappointment"
"I'd still think he is scum. And needs to be imprisoned.","neutral"
"is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!","admiration"
"I'm so happy for you and so, so, so proud of you. It's HARD to talk to your doctor about this stuff.","joy"
"What a finish","admiration"
"That was his scripted job. Fake.","neutral"
"I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).","disappointment"
"I don't understand why this is funny. All of it honestly. She os body shaming [NAME], why should we love that? ","confusion"
"How can a picture hurt?","confusion"
"I didn’t downvote you because I would like to know the reasoning first.","disapproval"
"I just hope [NAME] doesn't lose hope. Dudes got a great heart. But knowing our organization...","admiration"
"What do you do for work?","curiosity"
"And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay","annoyance"
"satisfying, really.","relief"
"That has gotten me killed a few times lately.","sadness"
"Thank you, too. It's nice knowing we're not alone. I hope you stay afloat.","gratitude"
"I've bet you've never even met an immigrant.","neutral"
"She deserves to know.","caring"
"ball just bounced up a bit as [NAME] hit it, unlucky. Need to test [NAME] more, he's really not that great","desire"
"Oh look [NAME] piggy backing attention at the end there.","neutral"
"A bad pun can be a real pick-me-up","disappointment"
"SMILE BY [NAME]","neutral"
"Can confirm. My downvote was removed. Added it back just now. Edit: My mistake. It was a different video.","embarrassment"
"Bless your heart sweaty. Bless your heart.","caring"
"I think they were hoping he would be the [NAME], that didn't happen.","disappointment"
"I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...","neutral"
"That’s true, thank you","approval"
"Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.","confusion"
"Got out in only 20, huh? [NAME]. ","anger"
"Honestly, these are probably things you should have thought about before telling your husband you wanted to separate. ","embarrassment"
"Hey guys. Just made some dinner. Came to see the game and check ohhhhh my god.","surprise"
"These things are so cool.","admiration"
"Are you serious?","curiosity"
"I’m single I’ve had it thrown at me But I’m being more choosey about who I spend my bed with this year","excitement"
"Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.","remorse"
"why wont i just fucking die","sadness"
"I so remember that!","joy"
"She has a disorder of sorts. Not only do you both need counseling, but she needs some kind of therapy. ","sadness"
"I loved coming across this today! Nice work!!","love"
"[NAME] deserves better","caring"
"[NAME] looks hot in her 70’s outfit.","optimism"
"He’s Russian you forgot that.","realization"
"Don't they already have a decent backup in T. Hill or whatever that guy's name is?","confusion"
"Also, there's no point in having a job if it doesn't pay substantially more than the childcare costs.","anger"
"really hope that is the case. Gotta keep the optimism up","optimism"
"You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.","anger"
"This is quite common on people on such forums. I have a feeling they are a tad sarcastic.","neutral"
"Plenty of activists have skin in the game. Sounds like you don't know many real activists!","neutral"
"Yeh but i had to check. Like, what if i didn't post here and kept it to myself.","desire"
"I cringe at every part of all of this","fear"
"Wow, not exactly a complimentary typo. ","surprise"
"> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..","disapproval"
"I really want pizza right now","desire"
"OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!","excitement"
"Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.","disgust"
"This post is SO HELPFUL. Thank you!!","gratitude"
"When will he get that pesky hood under control— oh, it’s looping","neutral"
"He always missed that key 3rd down catch to keep the drive alive","annoyance"
"Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.","surprise"
"Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.","annoyance"
"I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!","approval"
"im glad to hear that i won't just be carted off! and thanks, it's great to know that you guys have my back :)","gratitude"
"Even if I did, no one would believe me....,","annoyance"
"In like 5 years, your entire high school career will be one entire cringe. Congratulations. ","sadness"
"Geezus... it’s like I was reading a biography someone wrote about me before getting divorced.","neutral"
"love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!","joy"
"This is the first I’m hearing of this. Not on any of the local news, but on Reddit! MASSIVE media bias.","surprise"
"I've met very few "bad" people in my life. Most people I arrest are ok people who made unfortunate mistakes.","approval"
"Maybe you just enjoy the process of digging? Does it have to be somebody you’re attracted to or have you tried stalking a random person?","joy"
"It’s not only the US. The system of so called „liberal democracy” was designed to be the rule of capital.","neutral"
"I both love and hate everything about this","admiration"
"I really hope for it to fail miserably, so we can all agree on the sequel trilogy never happened.","approval"
"This is what I always do.. is this not normal?","neutral"
"Range should be maxed","neutral"
"Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.","anger"
"I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.","annoyance"
"All the plans I have seen proposed were over 5 years. This is a crazy one time jump.","amusement"
"That looks like a wig.","realization"
"Agree with most of above apart from TERA is no cash grab unlees you just want to fast forward a little with gear and it really is a little lol","amusement"
"They very clearly state no new accounts can post. Yours is 2 weeks old and low karma.","amusement"
"Just so you know, I think the other responder is a nut & you were right the 1st time!","neutral"
"In what ways?","neutral"
"Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.","love"
"It's better with sound, when I first watched it I cried laughing for 10 mins","neutral"
"I think he's said before he'd never go on question time","neutral"
"what piece of work does he most talk about that bottom bit in? thanks mate - clean your lobster","gratitude"
"What's sad is that I look like this and I'm not a virgin. What's your excuse?","confusion"
"Came here to say this. It seems apt, even if unintentional. *”Thanks for dropping by!”* 🤢","approval"
"Sooo good!","neutral"
"me too! a guy a few posts up as well... I wonder how many of us we need for a class action lawsuit","admiration"
"2 weeks! thats my dream!","neutral"
"Yeah they taste so fake!!","disapproval"
"Honestly nothing, death is an awful part of life. The only thing that can do anything is time. Just never forget them.","disappointment"
"Yeah that's what I just got. Fkin annoying.","annoyance"
"“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg","admiration"
"Kind of astonishing to see AstroKatie is completely unaware of everything unchecked migration has done to Sweden, France, Germany, etc etc etc.","neutral"
"Fuck so obvious","anger"
"Too bad [NAME] is going to be completely overshadowed by [NAME] to even notice.","neutral"
"Pfft, you should see fortnite. I know people who have spent thousands of dollars on llamas and skins. ","neutral"
"It would work just fine. I wear medium shirts and a small or medium jersey fits me great.","joy"
"Well I am a lady, so that would probably just freak them out. Oh, Reddit. Everyone is a man haha. ","amusement"
"Say what? He has been playing for epsilon till now. Never seen some real accusations on him cheating. I think you should read some more.","neutral"
"So, so good","neutral"
"It's not internalized homophobia, it's literally just an annoying voice.","disapproval"
"dude, that's [NAME] or [NAME]","confusion"
"Hell yeah o/","annoyance"
"Friend got me into football by watching Detroit play on Sundays after church. Been a fan since.","neutral"
"My truck has a camper shell. I can drive around town while you kids screw back there. $20/hr and gas.","optimism"
"What a great haircut","admiration"
"Weren't the first set of reworks called updated movesets and major balance changes?","neutral"
"Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.","optimism"
"Former Mexican president was taking bribes from drug traffickers we need the wall","neutral"
"It's the "boyfriend around school haha jk" thing that makes it weird.","amusement"
"Currently listening and loving it.","love"
"i didn't say u were, i'm power horny not power hungry tho","annoyance"
"Online gaming is toxic. If those cuts were ever tapped, there would be lots of people in jail.","disapproval"
"I'm the one who died inside here","neutral"
"same i feel u","love"
"Thank you, I needed this to vent my frustrations into 😆","approval"
"[NAME] was back for a solid week and he didnt know he was attacked by a goddamn bear","disappointment"
"Cool Thanks very much !","gratitude"
"Facial hair ability: [NAME] Looks like [NAME] got a bloody nose a week ago and hasn’t washed the blood out yet.","fear"
"No, it's hard to come by!","disapproval"
"Sad ni🎈🎈a hours","neutral"
"i got [NAME] a bit of a long shot but i see why","neutral"
"Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.","optimism"
"These are worse than the [NAME] ones [NAME]","disgust"
"Its ok we all know you suck scrub.","neutral"
"Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response","disappointment"
"It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.","admiration"
"I do this but but feel better in the end because I use it for procrastination. It's a weird combinational to feel better and worse while cleaning.","confusion"
"There’s nothing more oppressive than having all the power in the world and then having a minority group point it out to you","anger"
"The lake is steaming! The water is way warmer than the air","approval"
"I mean it changes that game at least because if the defender actually wraps him up it’s a sack because [NAME] never threw the ball.","realization"
"I would do that all day until she learned not to put her dirty feet on the dash!!","approval"
"It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic. ","amusement"
"Lost his legs, what an idiot.","anger"
"There better not be any more DNP games for [NAME] the rest of the season","desire"
"[NAME], [NAME], or [NAME] imo. But the cap is an issue too.","disappointment"
"Scary stuff.","nervousness"
"I've been thinking about you today. I hope you are still here.","neutral"
"I watch more Netflix on my phone than my other devices. And it looks incredibly amazing on my Samsung phone screen instead of my mediocre PC monitor.","admiration"
"No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.","love"
"Ah. Will to Power vs The World as Will and Representation. My googling got me so close yet so far.","disappointment"
"Anyone have that mirror?","curiosity"
"[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.","embarrassment"
"Lol of course its a religion you stoopid carnist. True vegans pray to [NAME] every morning at 5:00 and have to face his direction while doing so.","amusement"
"Yes!!!!! THIS!!","excitement"
"I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!","neutral"
"Battlefront 2 could be a horror game","neutral"
"Pretty good, but I would put the bishop on B4 so that the Knight will be in danger of the queen after taking the bishop.","admiration"
"Should have sold him some underwear and told him wearing it would power his phone.","amusement"
"This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming","admiration"
"My nipples are rock hard right now, just ruined my shirt. ","annoyance"
"I'm know Ashtabula. I'm from Lorain. That's cool that the company got bigger though.","admiration"
"That is brilliant.","admiration"
"That was around 5 grand but cheers and hope wherever you go in life keeps you happy and striving to go higher!","joy"
"Yeah dude I like the brown sugar ones a lot, what’s the problem?","curiosity"
">very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording","fear"
"[NAME], I hate [NAME].","anger"
"I had to watch x3 to make sure I didn't miss something 😂","amusement"
"He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.","neutral"
"> As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?","remorse"
"Fair enough. I miss working meat","approval"
"Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.","neutral"
"Exactly. So many people live here because they love public transit. It is an ammenity. NJ is not trying to make a profit from the PATH.","admiration"
"That town is sadder than [NAME] town. I don’t remember it being anything besides rainy or gloomy in Ohio :( poor yonathan","disappointment"
"Good luck remembering that where you left it and then tearing your house apart for 1.5 hours trying to find it.","gratitude"
"Blade and soul","neutral"
"They announce they hate Brexit first","disapproval"
"It's my masterpiece.","pride"
"On [NAME], the allegations and the final result were very different. If I recall most of the complaints substance was rejected or disproven.","disapproval"
"Someone just vandalized this poor guys car in the target parking lot lol","amusement"
"No, he controlled the match. He had to be dialed in the whole time and he was.","neutral"
"He really has us in that first half.","neutral"
"VODKA!! YOU ARE THE REAL MAN!!","neutral"
"Same. It's my favorite show to watch in the morning. The whole crew is so likeable.","love"
""Everyone knows the [NAME] make good stuff!" - Sham-Wow guy. ","admiration"
"I learned it from [NAME]!","neutral"
"Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.","sadness"
"I'd rather die than drive a Volvo!","disapproval"
""Don't be stupid and be a smarty, come and join the Nazi party !"","neutral"
"Just speak with a Sheffield accent lmao","neutral"
"Tf what it this for a motivational speech?? Tf is fb doing to these kids","confusion"
"i once dipped a raw hot dog in chocolate pudding when i was dared too. it was dreadful.","disappointment"
"I definetly love some epistemology!","love"
"How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!","anger"
"Dudes really out there looking like he glued pubes to his face","annoyance"
"No I meant like did they then forget and ask a follow up question. Basically making the situation more funny.","amusement"
"I'd like to think [NAME] is joking, r-right guys? ","curiosity"
"I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!","gratitude"
"I know, I'm training. Only a semi-cursed word with a number as the user seems coincidental.","neutral"
"I'm impressed you found a non troll post of theirs.","approval"
"I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.","amusement"
"Doesn’t... doesn’t it take more time and work forging a signature and lying than just.. delivering the package at the front door?","neutral"
"Married 3.5 years and we're down to 1-2 times a month. I feel ya","neutral"
"We're all humans, why would a darker skinned [NAME] not be "one of their own"?","neutral"
"Blocked in us","neutral"
"Well she mostly horrible when she was drunk, so drinking less for her would be a huge improvement.","annoyance"
"I see a lot of adult women who look fantastic with bangs, this article is just dumb","disapproval"
"Even when drinking, I would remember that D is 13, not 14. Semper Nerdalis.","pride"
"He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.","neutral"
"That baby needs a smacking","neutral"
"For religious folks, good and beneficial stuff that happens is always sent by [NAME]. Bad stuff... The [NAME] works in mysterious ways.","neutral"
"[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous","annoyance"
"My fav character","love"
"I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge","love"
"Legally, you are responsible for damage or harm done as a cop is trying to apprehend you. You caused the dangerous situation by running.","remorse"
"The best soft sequel pre-boot spin-off. The movie that would be better as several movies or a tv series. The best outrage over a movie.","neutral"
"That's awesome! Congratulations to the both of you!","admiration"
"Only for a week? You are a great optimist!","admiration"
"Haha this is one of those moments that makes me laugh out loud","amusement"
"Pretty much same. It’s always me who has to change. I’m the one wrong.","gratitude"
"you have to admit- it's kind of exhilirating to know that we are part of the pinnacle of human evolution.","neutral"
"Reminds me of that Australian news story about kids addicted to Fortnite and the kid is talking about how much he loves [NAME] ([NAME]).","realization"
"My dyslexia read that as "McFucking brilliant" and I was wondering if we could make it a thing.","excitement"
"nice looks like I hit just about hit the sweet spot, thanks","admiration"
"Oh really?","confusion"
"Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.","remorse"
"Finally! Somebody who legitimately hates planet Jupiter!","disapproval"
"Haven't played in forever, but [NAME] solo was my jam back in the day. Glad to hear damage tanks are still good","admiration"
"It's not his fault, it's your wife's. Shes the one you need to be pissed at","annoyance"
"Awesome, love the input! I totally get what you’re saying!","admiration"
"Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.","optimism"
"they are going to need a gardener soon!!","neutral"
"As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.","admiration"
"Hey thanks!","gratitude"
"The last two years have made me see why [NAME] do what they do.","neutral"
"Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front","confusion"
"This is horrible... One of my worst nightmares actually.","disgust"
"SWTOR is horrible when you want to play together with someone. So many parts that you can't join in on.","disgust"
"Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health. ","optimism"
"You have great points. !delta","admiration"
"I would applaud, but a polite golf clap seems more appropriate. Well done. 👏 👏 ","admiration"
"Oh man that hurt to watch","disappointment"
"Maybe? Must’ve been one intense game of [NAME]. ‍♀️","confusion"
"Very irony based.","admiration"
"HELL YES !! [NAME] where you at","neutral"
"THE MIDDLE FINGER EMOJI ARE YOU KIDDING","confusion"
"Read decrease at first and thought "Oh boy, reddit is gonna love this one"","realization"
"It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.","disapproval"
"Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok","disapproval"
"Cardinals/ [NAME] MNF. Give the people what they really want!!","neutral"
"Def ok if we lose this game but its close. Every loss is a win!","neutral"
"I love this, and #2","love"
"I was more concerned that your comment held a frame of reference assuming it was real.","annoyance"
"Yeah, that’s where my friend saw cizikas as well. Hey [NAME], is that you? Lmao","amusement"
"Is it my personal responsability if I was scarred for life due to abuse as a child ? IS IT?","curiosity"
"You’re trash april. I’m November 2000 actually. Damn we’re old.","disappointment"
"I don’t love prison- I love the stuff that leads me TO prison. Get on board, [NAME].","neutral"
"Well at this precise moment in time, you can drink more... that will remedy any feeling of being depressed. Hit the shots!","disappointment"
"I'm trying to get you laid. Maybe then you'd stop acting like the giant douchebag you are.","neutral"
"It's legal now in quite a few states. People get booze for Christmas all the time. I'd be stoked.","approval"
"You crashed and burned but managed to save it. Congrats my guy","joy"
"Apparently reality is a simulation and the programmers are messing with us at this point.","annoyance"
"As row boats are abandonned all around it could be a very interesting little add . If , few randoms row boats had a old and used one in it","annoyance"
"That's forward heavy punch right? Sorry I'm pretty new to SF","realization"
"Pretty sure it was New Orleans.","neutral"
"Whoever made this is making Tokyo ghoul look bad","anger"
"[NAME] would love her!!! "Do you forgive Daddy?" ","joy"
"It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.","annoyance"
"Much more badass than the union suit.","neutral"
"Didn't know she was a life long canucks fan, or alive in the 70s. Looks really young for her age","neutral"
"You should call the police and tell your friend maybe you can Stay over at his place","caring"
"I was too legit. Too legit to quit. Now I’m not legit. I’m un-legit. And therefore, I must quit.","realization"
"Fear mongering.","fear"
"Ah, tis the coder life. Be glad you didn't accidentally wipe a database or something, haha.","amusement"
"So he gave something different? It will be fine","confusion"
"This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.","anger"
"i would file anyway and see if your claim will be accepted. file in arizona. good luck!","admiration"
"ITS A SECKS THING SWEATERVEST!!!!!!!!1111","amusement"
"If that happened then I wouldn't mind if [NAME] left","neutral"
"Depends. Are your "toys" dildos and butt plugs? Or needles and strangers? ","curiosity"
"I have too! I had to pick up sewing to do it but that has been fun as well!","amusement"
"Are you thinking of Austin, home of Hormel and Spam?","curiosity"
"Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show","love"
"It's such a shame that the game forces you to use the q-tip and prevents you from equipping any other weapon.","disgust"
"Try this on anyone blue belt or above in bjj. Spoiler: it wont work","disappointment"
"Lol, that’s funny. I’ll have to find our Aggieopoly and see how it compares.","amusement"
"I think you should be able to, with enough skill and precision but not in a spam swing fight, I agree.","annoyance"
"It's funny to imagine that they're calling [NAME], a married man, an incel.","amusement"
"That's what I heard coming into this game, people were saying if they don't handle gobert, game over","neutral"
"Some of us only play QP. I’d like to think QP is just as important as comp.","amusement"
"Thank you for the info and source. My source is only from guides, experience, [NAME] videos, and [NAME] videos.","gratitude"
"THIS IS WHAT WE GET FOR RIPPING ON THE WILD ANIMAL SHITPOSTS","neutral"
"How will identity politics help this situation?","neutral"
"I need to present on how birds are not real. THEY ARE NOT REAL","neutral"
""Reasonable" and "unreasonable" have been asigned based on who agrees with you. How egotistical. You are still being childish.","annoyance"
"You don't have very good social skills, do you.","annoyance"
"No it wouldn't you dumbass","disapproval"
"Guess we know where they got the rivet for the fire pit now.","neutral"
"I like simplicity of the Jersey, but the logo stinks.","neutral"
"Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.","annoyance"
"This is surprising as many pizza places us peanut oil on the crust in the past. Had a friend end up in the hospital from this.","neutral"
"Then they will complain about it being cold in the winter.","neutral"
"That little smile at the end is exactly why she looks fun.","amusement"
"If you can get out to Banff, I highly recommend Nourish Bistro. Incredible vegetarian/vegan food... even meat eaters like myself love it!","joy"
"You were at a casino. Sounds like you won.","admiration"
"Reading comprehensions not your strong suit I’m guessing, no I don’t personally believe that, just pointing out an anecdote.","disapproval"
"She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.","disappointment"
"I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.","joy"
"Let's say some gangsta is messing with your fly girl. You just givem one of these....","neutral"
"cake fails are the best thing to ever happen to the internet, so with that said - this is turble. 🤣🤣🤣","admiration"
"You have too many background processes running then. This shouldn't give you a single more frame on proper setups, think about removing some stuff.","neutral"
"Yeah, it makes me feel worse :'( I need a real one...","approval"
"I really hope this is what happens.","optimism"
"This is so cringey it hurts. I feel so bad for whoever sent this because they are so stupid.","embarrassment"
"Mmm... chocolate weekends are my favorite.","admiration"
"if you ever played hardcore in previous titles with no doritos you would know that this in fact not the case","realization"
"I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.","gratitude"
"your vehicle is pretty!","admiration"
"whah we got a badass over here xD","joy"
"Oh don't get me wrong, there's a lot else wrong with comparing teachers to huns besides what I said.","neutral"
"Get out now. She's playing mental games with you. Play nice but plan your exit. Ask me how I know.","caring"
"A cat has never understood me so well.","neutral"
"no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((","sadness"
"Enchanted - [NAME]😍","love"
"A lot of injury history for these players. I hate to count on them.","annoyance"
"We'll let history show us what happened here.","neutral"
"Well i know this much is true, there’s unspoken truth amoung us men, we secretly love hairy vaj. No? Just me?","realization"
"Hey congrats man, you passed your limits, now keep on going Tekken only gets more fun the better you get","admiration"
"Dammmn girl them make up skills! Your eyes are so wonderfully icy!!","gratitude"
"This is maybe the lamest way you can say that.","annoyance"
"bite your tongue","disapproval"
"I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!","admiration"
"How much money did you find exactly? If it was a lot then you probably took their cash and the bones were left as a warning.","curiosity"
"I, too, have experienced weight gain despite eating a clean 500 calories per day (and another 3000 dirty calories on top of that).","neutral"
"Sorry, you're going to claim wanting to destroy Israel is completely fine? And the rabbi in question seems to be in bed with Holocaust deniers?","gratitude"
"it is actually called a mechanical bull","neutral"
"Producers knew if [NAME] makes it to the ball challenge she'd kill it so hard [NAME] would just crown her instantly","neutral"
"Took me long time to figure out there are two dogs.","realization"
"Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha","caring"
"Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line","admiration"
"I'm not sure. There's some good youtube compilations of him.","admiration"
"And what do you think the most important issues are? This one seems fairly fucking important.","neutral"
"You progressively lose more of your money!","optimism"
"For me it is unwatchable after the greatness of the LD seasons.","annoyance"
"To be fair, expecting sex twice a day, every day is a little ridiculous.","annoyance"
"So that’s why all of the lab work I get takes so long....","neutral"
"To be fair, [NAME] is an amazing broadcaster.","neutral"
"So good to see him and good to see he’s doing well! I’ve missed him.","disappointment"
"seems like [NAME] and [NAME] are the ones playing you, [NAME]","neutral"
"Nearly every malicious compliance is a petty revenge story.","desire"
"That's awesome to hear :)","excitement"
"i feel like they are hateful towards everyone but that might be me not understanding their community","disappointment"
"Oh hell no","disapproval"
"So you don't reject your ideology's premise that you can just protect yourself.","annoyance"
"He should file a civil rights complaint. This is a clear case of discrimination against someone with a mental disability.","annoyance"
"God [NAME] can't come back fast enough. I don't know if the fans in the rest of the league realize how big his loss is","grief"
"Oh my bad I starting typing before you posted it","remorse"
"So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL. ","amusement"
"Just a benign comment on an interpretation of "Annihilation" movie plot. Reaction just came out of nowhere","neutral"
"I'm slippery","neutral"
"To me he's extremely funny. Love him.","admiration"
"I should have known better, its obviously not a juul. I was just happy to see Oliver Tree tbh ","desire"
"Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.","annoyance"
"I know, I'm training. Only a semi-cursed word with a number as the user seems coincidental.","approval"
"It's amazing the people here supporting the [RELIGION] church and the child molesters over duterte... I wonder why.","curiosity"
"Thanks! Need to rewatch the series soon","gratitude"
"If we weren't going to sign an outfielder or [NAME] for some reason, we should have just signed [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Maybe you’re just extremely boring and bland, and outright refuse to learn to take photos that don’t suck. ","annoyance"
"No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.","neutral"
"Sounds good ya I'll have to listen to those. Thanks","gratitude"
"Each Dark Souls game has been voted "Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage".","anger"
"thank you SO SO much for your help <3","caring"
"I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.","disapproval"
"Are your boys really doing the hand clap meme? Holy crap is this cringey.","annoyance"
"Don't worry - there's only one barely known movie to his credit. Pretty easy to avoid.","amusement"
"I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.","neutral"
"Damn fine post 👏👏👏 damn fine.","approval"
"Is that what happens is [NAME] route? I chose [NAME] and he only does once.","confusion"
"I'm ok with this. Man, that'd be some defensive OF.","neutral"
"Was he in your butt?","curiosity"
"Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op","neutral"
"I caught that little tidbit too. Very unbiased. Very factual.","approval"
"I am eternally grateful that youtube did not exist while I was doing all my weird shit growing grow.","gratitude"
"You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.","admiration"
"I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.","love"
"I identify as a person of size despite being actually smol","neutral"
"Your post : 39 minutes ago THE POST THATS LITERALLY UNDER YOU WITH THE SAME MEME : 40 MINUTES AGO","neutral"
"Kinda reminds me of that pluto pic from nasa","realization"
"where you going /u/Nerdinater ? if ya dont mind me asking","neutral"
"damn, congratulation 🤣","annoyance"
"Reported again :)","neutral"
"That's a maryland fan comment. You should be ashamed of yourself.","annoyance"
"This makes me want to get nipple piercings but I’m too scared to :/","fear"
"What if... >Valve removes date to stop the impression they were giving an ETA","curiosity"
"Shut up you shill /s","anger"
"Damn. So you went back to an old medication and found it no longer worked for you??? I didn't even know that was possible.","curiosity"
"Dayyuuummm!!! If you ever get another one, you know what to do. (Record it)","approval"
"I have to go with [NAME]. Rookie who lived up to the hype and I actually got excited when he got snaps.","excitement"
"Thanks [NAME]. We hardly knew ye","gratitude"
"And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.","realization"
"dear... husband","neutral"
"Go you!","neutral"
"It's all so beautiful, right? ","confusion"
"That isn't normal or healthy. Stop obliging her obsession.","neutral"
"That's ruis intentions","neutral"
"The only thing wrong with her is her face. Maybe she has a giving personality?","curiosity"
"Why did you post my autobiography","annoyance"
"It's not a recessed center, there's an edge cut out around the outside. It's from the melting pot, best fondue restaurant! ","admiration"
"[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him","approval"
"I’ve only been there once but really enjoyed it!! But I think it’s missing a pool table ;)","amusement"
"Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo ","realization"
"Why the fuck does this exist","disgust"
"Almost like we're playing scrubs and trying to save gas for a huge game at home tomorrow","optimism"
"You can do that here dude. got a story? just tell it man","neutral"
"[NAME] went from feeding [NAME] wings on Friday to feeding [NAME] wings today and nobody is in there to fix the stream","neutral"
"i prefer this","approval"
"Officer [NAME] is the penultimate FA character. Apart from the fact he's attractive of course AAAAAAAAAAAAH","admiration"
"I wish I could make a garden","desire"
"Not where I expected that to go...but uh...good luck out there!","disapproval"
"Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.","curiosity"
"She should be FIRED","anger"
"oh i just subscribed for the entire snap thing. i forgot to unsub and that post showed up in my feed, so i looked through the comments ","neutral"
"And when I thought this sub was gee AF someone says the day with this gold nugget","neutral"
"Then you should feel right at home!","neutral"
"The only way to truly be yourself is to bare it all for the world to see.","neutral"
"Damn, time to tweet Young House Love and find out what color they used on the brick...","curiosity"
"I love this reply","love"
"Oh that's hard. I hope you get an amazing nap in the car. The exhaustion is real with babies.","admiration"
"But that rookie year was sick. Such a Slash fan when I was young.","realization"
"I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1","neutral"
"Love this - beautiful penmanship","admiration"
"Related: Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin","neutral"
"Um, trump got peed on. ","neutral"
"I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)","neutral"
"Look on the bright side, you might never need to worry about that ever again.","optimism"
"Does a civil suit create legal precedence? Edit: I'm assuming it's a civil suit.","curiosity"
"Have you tried taunting for 90 seconds straight?","nervousness"
"people have built such a stigma around it that it's what comes to mind first instead of positive thoughts.","realization"
"Man. I wanna be there to see his face! It’d be great. 🤣","admiration"
"Well come on out here, lil buddy. ","neutral"
"~~24 hours is for an adult. Adults can get lost but they have means to come back home if they are just lost~~ Edit: forgive my ignorance","realization"
"There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...","optimism"
"Counter's clean, you're welcome!","gratitude"
"is there any specific reason it can't be kept in Perth? the donations page doesn't give away much","curiosity"
"I SPOT A IFUNNY WATERMARK","amusement"
"Stick with us. If only for one more day. Then let’s try again tomorrow.","relief"
">Not all 70% of the filthy [NAME] money is gonna be taken. ...unfortunately.","disapproval"
"No, you can shoot farther but the scoop only allows you to range out to 1 Klick at the last hash marked 10","neutral"
"The perfect amount of salt for me","approval"
"She has pretty hair.","admiration"
"It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!","admiration"
"No we’re going to use it for penalties decisions, red cards and goals like it’s designed for.","neutral"
"This, and its about to (already has, reallly) start happening to [NAME].","neutral"
"The worst thing is when you find it in a place you know you looked first.","neutral"
"Hello! Would you happened to know if the physical booth would have started selling tickets if the concert is on 5th Jan? Thanks!","gratitude"
"At least he didn't throw them at someone.","disappointment"
"Living his best life.","neutral"
"Yeah of the business. That’s how I’d word it idk maybe that’s wrong","disappointment"
"Not sure how you got that outta my post. I play a lot of non-meta stuff all the time just because I find it fun or challenging.","confusion"
"What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.","admiration"
"Yes, we are going to kink shame you. ","annoyance"
"Yep completely bc no kids ever liked to draw. Definitely me.","disappointment"
"I think the real reason is good press and booze","admiration"
"Yeah this angle is nauseating.","annoyance"
"I have crowns and I thought I needed a mouth guard but it seems like I don’t anymore.","realization"
"SO SMUG!","excitement"
"Wow...is that true? I’d love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?","curiosity"
"Look at that piece of shit covering his badge number. I hope he loses his job over this. What a lowlife piece of shit.","annoyance"
"I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!","amusement"
"Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and there’s concern it may push her into needing braces.","caring"
"We just bought [NAME]. Have faith","neutral"
"This would be like switching from a girlfriend who cheats on you and steals your money to a girlfriend who cheats on you and doesn't like your dog.","neutral"
"#Go Knights Go!!","admiration"
"What are you expecting?","curiosity"
"This sub blows, and you’re on the wrong side of the circlejerk today","neutral"
"cool, gonna check this game now","excitement"
"Read it again. He "really likes" her. He never claimed to love her.","neutral"
"No refund for services rendered.","neutral"
"Yeah I sympathize with this sentiment. The flow of Michigan fans into the cfb subreddit this year was overwhelming. Even as a fan I was irritated.","annoyance"
"Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.","admiration"
"Oh same here. Too relatable. Makes me wonder what 50 year old me will miss about the body I've got now.","excitement"
"Funny a lot of rich kids think 100k a year is very feasible.","neutral"
"You just watched a commercial that blatantly explains it to you.","approval"
"right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me","optimism"
"Nothing ocular about that smackdown. Raunchy just peaked all over [deleted].","approval"
"Possibly. I just couldn’t go any further with it. Not after that.","approval"
"I'm not trying to disregard what your uncle did, however fruit is an incredibly fickle crop that is not viable in most climates over the long term. ","neutral"
"In whom? There are millions of people walking around today with no problems.","curiosity"
"Looks like it. I didn't make it, I just found it.","love"
"Hay girls, if you where make-up, you can't buy me chicken tendies.","amusement"
"Busy? Focused on long-term goals?","curiosity"
"She could delete her personal accounts and create professional accounts that are only for advertising her business.","admiration"
"Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.","admiration"
"Hey now I masturbate in my own filth and I don't take kindly to being compared to these people.","excitement"
"Lmao. I fucking love this community.","amusement"
"US labor laws are fucked up","disgust"
"My alarm is for 8. Thank you very much!","gratitude"
"When they hire him","neutral"
"Because it is.","neutral"
"> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..","curiosity"
"[NAME] weapon is gambol shroud but I nearly forgot about the gunchucks they are pretty rad too","neutral"
"Horrible night for dodo","fear"
"I love lighthouses","love"
"Ugh foot rubs. I feel embarrassed thinking about how my nmom used to make me do this to her. Ugh ugh ugh","neutral"
"Not to nitpick, but wasn't [NAME] (I assume that's what they mean by [NAME], but people are weird) [RELIGION]?","neutral"
"Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...","disapproval"
"He went to UW, what do you expect?!","neutral"
"It's not that bad, I almost got squashed by a drop bear today but it's all good in the hood.","approval"
"She's a female [NAME] at this point. She gets paid $30k per day for this garbage.","neutral"
"I am generally a happy person. If you like to pay millions of dollars to semi-literates to represent your government, it's up to you!","joy"
"I'll never not love you [NAME]","neutral"
"Thank [NAME].","gratitude"
"Everytime I wore white pants! Finally got an ablation after kids, best procedure I've ever had besides lasik.","admiration"
"Good luck with writing in the future :D Everyone has to have their critics...right?","caring"
"So what you're saying is, there actually won't be any roads in Ancapistan. ","neutral"
"Now **that** is a spicy meata balle","neutral"
"Unfortunately for us it’s not too early. But if you want way too early 2020 draft discussion I’m really high on [NAME] from Wisconsin","annoyance"
"Go get ‘em!","neutral"
"The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.","love"
"Speaking of low percentage.. FOR THE LOVE OF [NAME], CHARGE YOUR PHONE!!","caring"
"She's reading Canada's extradition act but not Canada's extradition treaty with the USA. I've had this argument before, it's pointless.","neutral"
"Okay. Have a nice evening! 👍🏻","admiration"
"I am almost there... I am daddy cute now.. almost silver fox.","admiration"
"I don't have children yet so I will just have a long conversation with my balls tonight","disappointment"
"Eating isn't a 'Healty coping mechanism', stop lying to yourself.","neutral"
"This is so Dope!!!","approval"
"Does anyone know what the Free Slot might be used for? It confuses me a bit","confusion"
"Why are you defending [NAME], [NAME] clearly intends [NAME] to come across as a bad leader. Good leaders don’t get murdered bu their men.","disappointment"
"This is almost irritating. Like, take a breath, shithead..,","anger"
"Very true. Having a 3rd pair of [NAME] and [NAME] has been solid","neutral"
"Not all comedy is for everyone. Check out some of their other stuff, though. They're overall hilarious.","amusement"
"I love democracy, that's why I hate antidemoratic institutions like the EU.","disgust"
"No because thats stupid","annoyance"
"Nice! I missed the Babybel.","disappointment"
"Not in this thread- but I have heard people act like it’s no big deal... don’t take reasonable precautions to prevent spreading it","realization"
"HE SHOOTS AND SCORES!!!!","approval"
"Your wife just proved to your son that her love for him is not unconditional. She sounds ignorant, hateful, and should get therapy or get out.","neutral"
"What do the [NAME] have to do with it","confusion"
"Good for you, human. I hope you get the job!","caring"
"[NAME] to me will forever be proof that the true dangerous people are not the ones telling lies but rather the people that believe them.","neutral"
"It's vodka/tonic time for me buddy! I'm off work!!!! Hope all yaw be safe and have a great night!","caring"
"Lmao how many of these posts will we get before people realize its satire.","amusement"
"That is by far too strong of a passive","disapproval"
"His opponent got DQ for pinching off [NAME] air tube. His first opponent is why [NAME] had the air tube in the first place.","realization"
"Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool","approval"
"i thought the comment i replied too was still talking about the OP's vid. [NAME] should have been my clue. my bad.","neutral"
"Not really. Everyone has different thoughts about kids and I don’t see it as appeasement.","disapproval"
"Hi ex-methodist from another one!","neutral"
"Hell yeah o/","anger"
"Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk. ","disgust"
"We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!","neutral"
"Haha, looks like it.","amusement"
"I'm kind of glad they aren't letting you. Just you, not everyone else.","caring"
"I’m guessing theyve been together for a few years and once she was no longer a teenager and it wasn’t as risqué he lost interest.","annoyance"
"I tried to signal him to pull over but he wasn’t paying attention. I just had my friend take a picture after we failed","amusement"
"I'm glad :)","joy"
"I wish there was hope, but we are all bracing for hard brexit. My country is a laughing stock right now. ","amusement"
"How's the pp looking?","neutral"
">I'm 8 years old in human years yeah, I'd bet","neutral"
"That guy was definitely in the process of starting a cult.","neutral"
"Is your teacher [NAME]?","neutral"
"I’ve just said that both biology and social norms play a part? How is that me saying that there are no biological differences?","neutral"
"Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .","disapproval"
"Congrats on the sex","admiration"
"Wait did he’s married with a family and tried getting in your pants?!","neutral"
"Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.","disapproval"
"Remember to tuck and roll!","caring"
"The only time you're personal behavior should be on the governments radar is when it becomes harmful to others.","neutral"
"Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]","admiration"
"More like [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.","desire"
"Yes had the problem a month or so ago but has since gone away","neutral"
"well i mean yea but some ppl dtf average and below peeps","neutral"
"Dude you don't know what I wanted. [NAME] was very clearly a generational talent.","neutral"
"I do the exact same. It typically does the job and most people are just mad at people who steal rather than me.","disgust"
"Got 4 or 5 episodes in and didn't really care for it. Heard it gets better from 1st season on tho","neutral"
"Wow, now I am sad","sadness"
"Ahhh. A civil and interesting conversation on the internet. How refreshing.","excitement"
"Also: - more snipers - another stealth hero This makes my top 3 of what would make the game even more fun.","pride"
"Reacting to [NAME] at this point just makes me feel worse about the artist.","grief"
"looks like you got 2 XL Cheetos","neutral"
"calm down there satan","neutral"
"You ain't stoppin me *insert insult used by outlaws to mock sheriffs *","neutral"
"How do you know all this? It’s interesting and true and I’m curious how you know?","curiosity"
"It’s a fast food restaurant, what do you expect?","confusion"
"I wish I could upvote this a million times. What a wonderful tack to take.","admiration"
"Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD","confusion"
"Damn [NAME] let himself go","disappointment"
"❤️ you are a strong individual and there is an amazing amount of support behind you","love"
""You got wrong daughter we don't owe you to 'repay' for grandchildren or so. Too bad."","neutral"
"That was awesome. the gross spin by [NAME] and the one legged glider by [NAME]. beautiful","admiration"
"I wasn’t even expecting the reply that’s why I’m literally bamboozled.","embarrassment"
"Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.","approval"
"Wait, apple and [NAME]? Please tell me these fools are all on windows phones ","anger"
"They do in the common tourist hotspots where our undesirables travel.","neutral"
"Fun ruiner.","amusement"
"Definitely. Once I discover their toxic personality, I couldn't care less about them.","disapproval"
"Yes. A couple days ago","neutral"
"Haha I had to use an analogy that rang with the older generation as well as the connection it has to social media.","joy"
"Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus","amusement"
"I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me","realization"
"I question that he doesnt think they are a possible answer, we have interviewed guys with much more questionable credentials","neutral"
"Didn't he steal something ludicrous like a diamond ring? Like is he a cartoon bad guy?","curiosity"
"They should be liable for this abuse. It’s just insane!","neutral"
"Additionally, over the years I developed ED and PE... and it sucks. Just thought I would put that out there.","realization"
"thats why she is going crazy lmao","embarrassment"
"Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head","admiration"
"It’s definitely around in Eastern Nebraska. You can even get it at Runza.","neutral"
"“[NAME] make y'famous tonight, buddy!” 🤣 Anyway, no manger for him!","neutral"
"she also goes on to claim her memory started at 10 months old","neutral"
"They really dislike each other.","disappointment"
"Weird flex but okay","neutral"
"Thank you for this","gratitude"
"Short but sweet","neutral"
"just give me platinum and go to sleep ♥️","neutral"
"From the looks of his haphazard flailing it seems he needs to go back to the dojo...","neutral"
"And here we see the incel in his natural habitat: an imaginary dream world catered to his vision.","approval"
"? sometimes i play ffa with my friends to have fun","joy"
"Thanks. I though it was fooling a penquin.","gratitude"
"I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...","remorse"
"Those long legs go up and make an ass of themselves... must be in the jeans","neutral"
"great pass wiggins","gratitude"
"Me too. At least we acknowledge what we are and don't make up excuses in that regard.","realization"
"Wrong kind of grass seeds?","neutral"
"*nods* I know an unfortunate reality. I was presuming that he isn't in a situation like that based on what he said though.","neutral"
"Ive never been happier and wouldnt want to live any other way","love"
"U can still pour it out the lock holes. Hook it up","approval"
"I love me some buff girls!","love"
"this is bad","neutral"
"That's a pretty cat. It would be nice if it could go to Rocky Mountain Feline Rescue, as they are no-kill.","admiration"
"Fried Egg is my #1 since cricket cafe stopped doing breakfast sandwiches.","neutral"
"That precious sovereignty Rule-takers now, not rule makers.","neutral"
"My best guess is because the wine in his glass is purple. Whether it was a purposeful [NAME] quote or not, I dunno.","neutral"
"This, in top of my already terrible mental health, is the reason why I'm severely underweight and need help.","fear"
"What was that behind the back nonsense, criminy. TO THE BENCH","annoyance"
"ah maybe next time","neutral"
"They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food. ","sadness"
"Umm... educated people who think that killing a fetus after viability is abhorrent?","curiosity"
"Ugh I have to hope the god damn Leafs win tonight, what a world it is we're living in. ","optimism"
"CAN'T UPVOTE THIS MORE THAN ONCE, REDDIT PLZ FIX","neutral"
"NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!","annoyance"
"You misspelled Eastern Russia","neutral"
"You're in for a treat- enjoy :)","joy"
"I KILL YOU SCUM","anger"
"Mate I was buying porn mags from my local coop at 12, I don't see why trading standards makes such a fuss over a lotto ticket","annoyance"
"Lmao That’s a blatant lie, ~1000 people were killed by American cops last year compared to 52 cops killed by civilians ","disapproval"
"Honestly nothing, death is an awful part of life. The only thing that can do anything is time. Just never forget them.","caring"
"How random. I did that just riding around town for no reason and saw that lighting.","joy"
"Hey, thanks for clarifying. I was trying to find news online without any luck.","approval"
"Please explain “Hoover/ed”. Not familiar with the term. Thank you-","gratitude"
"Thanks boss. Finally got a sibling for the Glock!","gratitude"
"You played yourself","neutral"
"A Buzzfeed article about 20 perfect pairs of boobies","neutral"
"it is adorable that you think that","excitement"
"What a cool argument dude!! Lol. This coming from the worlds most empowered dater who can date anyone!! Stop age shaming.","annoyance"
"Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:","gratitude"
"Thank you, that makes me feel better :)","gratitude"
"Would love to see them both in the same side","desire"
"I expect him to perform similar to 2017, though I'm hoping he breaks out (3~4 WAR).","desire"
"I love Ashtray","love"
"What a turnaround.","joy"
"Couldn't be worse than [NAME] who ONLY has eyes in the back of his head.","neutral"
"I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.","amusement"
"I put cheese on everythingggggg and I ain't even mad about it","neutral"
"Yes! Love me rotties!","love"
"wE mODiFieD eiGHT viDEo CaRds tO fIt iN A SinGLe pciE sLoT /squeak Whoops, sorry, wrong [NAME].","remorse"
"In the end it is just another day surrounded by fake fans. If people wana watch a team that never loses they should stick to NCAAF","sadness"
"They were on the losing side of WW2 and unconditionally surrendered.","neutral"
"Meh, the Chiefs got gifted a PI call or two, especially on their last drive to tie the game.","neutral"
"It was [NAME], cm. Didn't have the best of games today.","nervousness"
"Maybe for the last 8 minutes.","neutral"
"Hmm... [NAME] looks like [NAME] from Nickelodeon","curiosity"
"I don’t understand how her parents were able to take kid when she claims they are horrible alcoholics","fear"
"That Facebook post was too loud.","neutral"
"And then thigh high socks in addition?","curiosity"
"HAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAa no","neutral"
"Do not use logic dude. Not cool.","sadness"
"Hey mate, just know that if you need someone to talk to, I'm ready to listen. Hope things will get better for you, anyway. ","approval"
"We literally share a parking lot with a bank and I get people asking me for change all. The. Time. I struggle.","neutral"
"Without the stupid caption this is kinda funny","amusement"
"Highlights will be glorious to watch! Here’s [NAME] shootout zinger!","excitement"
"I doubt people are *happy*, but they probably aren’t sad about someone who was potentially endangering others through their anti-science views.","sadness"
"I had a friend ask me what kind of sweats do you have a good week","neutral"
"When it's time, it's time.","approval"
"Are you assuming that all of [NAME] friends are mutual friends of whoever took this screenshot?","curiosity"
"I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.","surprise"
"I don't remember this song at all I had it on psp back then.","confusion"
"It took me forever to realize it was not in fact [NAME]....","disappointment"
"Everyone *can* be rehabilitated, but a lot of effort is needed, and most would likely fail.","neutral"
"I hate the message that's being pushed, and it's even worse that it's being pushed by this guy.","annoyance"
"so painful to watch ugh im excited for trade szn","excitement"
"What shouldn’t be lifetime? :)","neutral"
"So much time saved. Not.","curiosity"
"his traps hide the fucking sun.","anger"
"It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.","disappointment"
"She’s cool as hell","admiration"
"this is so true!","realization"
"How dare they not have the foresight to realize he'll become a president we don't like decades later.","anger"
"Resist it! You can be strong. Block him! Then do something nice for yourself","caring"
"oh hi blue","curiosity"
"Thank you so much.","gratitude"
"It’s amazing how buggy this game is. Itd [NAME] buying a new car with most of the parts broken. We will fix it eventually.","neutral"
"Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!","amusement"
"But it keeps my head warm.","neutral"
"Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.","annoyance"
"[NAME] thinks [NAME] for [NAME] is a bad deal for the Bulls.","neutral"
"He thought that was a good idea...","neutral"
"Maybe he has really bad short term memory, and is genuinely curious how the cop got his attention.","optimism"
"Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.","sadness"
"Oh well that's that then :)","neutral"
"Probably should have stopped popping the heads of dandelions while saying "mama had a baby and the head popped off" ","neutral"
"Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this","amusement"
"I love happy endings.","love"
"He was shrieking at everything up until then. Like I said I was worried in the beginning but sometimes it works out.","approval"
"Now we need [NAME] to reunite with [NAME]","desire"
"Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC","neutral"
"Both are awesome states. I just got back from NM yesterday! Good luck with your move.","admiration"
">more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.","anger"
"I think you'll find that dating is really difficult for poly men. It's the biggest reason why I'm monogamous.","approval"
"I have seen people that have many mutual friends with me but I have no idea who they are. It happens.","neutral"
"Who wrote the IQ tests?","curiosity"
"Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT! ","annoyance"
"I might be missing a joke myself, but woosh.","optimism"
"This one is my favorite.","joy"
"Wow. What is wrong with you","disappointment"
"If you date another bisexual, you can date a woman without figuring out how straight people date!","neutral"
"Wouldn’t that have to be mutual","curiosity"
"I hope he isn't scared to over power the thibs guys on the coaching staff. It seems like he is a hestitant to make any major changes.","optimism"
"Great minds more like... And youtube suggestions.","approval"
"This is where the fun begins.","amusement"
"Thanks for blocking his face OP. Could have been bad.","disapproval"
"I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.","desire"
"Thank you, have never been to a church and couldn’t have know it is called a pew.","gratitude"
"Into what shit? I like her but Idk she’s hella confusing","annoyance"
"I laughed. Finally","relief"
"Why it got removed.","confusion"
"I’m convined everyone here is also on r/TravisScott and r/Kanye","neutral"
"Has anyone ever told you that you look like a young and skinny [NAME]?","neutral"
"Gonna have to say no on the last sentence lol","amusement"
".. for now","neutral"
"My crazy idea ... join the PAC-12 in a combined bid with Boise State football. You all would dominate.","admiration"
"Do you regularly go around calling people a know-it-all when they've generously provided you with specific information you've demanded?","curiosity"
"*Noveau riche* effect. American tourists were similarly perceived as 'the rudest' in the mid-century.","neutral"
"An other skier that wasn't injured I guess","neutral"
"We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.","desire"
"Thanks for the support","gratitude"
"i love folksy cities skylines man","joy"
"Yes. I often dream of death or further isolation","fear"
"The pass to the wide open [NAME] ?","confusion"
"ohh. thank you for explaining!","gratitude"
"Imagine not using metric and celsius.","neutral"
"Just making a joke from The Office. My bad haha","amusement"
"Because you’re harassing strangers over the internet about their happy healthy pet? Weirdo.","embarrassment"
"This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it","admiration"
"Thanks man. You too","approval"
"It's interesting how you're actually using type logic here.","admiration"
"Why would you cross while an event is going...","disappointment"
"Uh no. He hates [NAME]. Not in A kayfabe way. He doesn't like [NAME] at all.","disapproval"
"Any agreement we will come to will be exploitive because of the power differential, apparently.","disapproval"
"It would be a little less irritating if the 10 cents you pay if you want some paper bags didn't go to the government as a tax.","annoyance"
"Do you want a good time or an **incredibilis** time?","curiosity"
"Pray. I remember that happening a couple weeks ago when the whole system went down internationally. Maybe check your connection and refresh, all that jazz.","desire"
"“My- my god I- it is time for me to bear children.”","excitement"
"NO GOD NOOOO!","neutral"
"I believe this would still be a ticket if someone else sees you.","approval"
"Why do you think many feminists are angry?","curiosity"
"Yeah, I actually do really like the TD Centre. Love walking around on (non bone chilling Saturday's) and just admiring the city.","love"
"!remindme 4 days "Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"","neutral"
"Thank you! This feedback is gold to us.","gratitude"
"well we tried hard. good effort boys!","admiration"
"Is a valid, unsound argument logical?","neutral"
"They'd probably need to take nutrients by IV until their organs are working normally again. But yes it should be possible to save a starving person","confusion"
"Exactly. Some ammo is already cheaper than that.","neutral"
"Yeah I was super surprised by how good Trench was, probably my top album from last year","surprise"
"No, because it lets you search multiple modes at once.","neutral"
"I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.","surprise"
"It makes it especially delicious when our one sub with ~100 active members gets accused of controlling the entire political debate on Reddit","admiration"
"[NAME], u are a real piece of shit","neutral"
"Good for you! So awesome!","approval"
"Don't forget those ungodly concoctions with apple cider vinegar","neutral"
"At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.","disappointment"
"Taking the SEPTA from West Trenton can put someone in Philly and it's suburbs as well.","neutral"
"Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.","admiration"
"Took a bus, got tube, walked to my office. Other people don't annoy me so I haven't got much to say.","annoyance"
"Yup that game was where I was like we have to draft him!!!!!","joy"
"I’m conflicted. I do in fact love wine, but I also love crown, and it would be more cost effective to bring crown. ","love"
"Your adventure begins, They were always beside you","neutral"
"Exactly. I thought charcoal would be same like graphite pencil. I need to learn more of this stuff. Thanks for criticizing x)","gratitude"
"Exactly. It's like a deepity only longer and wronger.","confusion"
"Ok that makes sense. Im familiar with the term.dog whistling, just havent seen ot attached to globalists.","approval"
"If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.","optimism"
"Because train hitting your truck at full speed will prevent damaging the truck.","annoyance"
"Quite surprised I wasn’t on there","surprise"
"Everyone just called me the bad guy and said they're glad she's marrying him and rejected me and that i deserved it.","confusion"
"I only eat other people's babies.","neutral"
"Sorry to hear that was all it got :/","sadness"
"Consider this my formal request for a list of all of [NAME] lifelong dreams.","approval"
"He also probably hasn't finished school but has seen like, all the [NAME] lectures so he totally already know everything.","disapproval"
"I laughed at this 4 years ago.","amusement"
"This!!!! Just. THISSSS.","annoyance"
"Maybe their inability to spell the word "atheist" is why they're a [NAME].","approval"
"Its 1:23 in the morning and now I wanna go load a bowl","excitement"
"good luck with the interview!","desire"
"Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore","annoyance"
"r/choosingbeggars boy is it frustrating yet hilarious","amusement"
"That was around 5 grand but cheers and hope wherever you go in life keeps you happy and striving to go higher!","desire"
"I had this back in 2012 so no not at all LOL","amusement"
"NFL level catch","neutral"
"One of my worst nightmares. Ugh.","annoyance"
"Get her professional help.","nervousness"
"He posted about white racists on a post that has nothing to do about racism. Pretty sure he is just racist.","neutral"
"America.... I have done goofed!","realization"
""I'm sorry mam, but we dont allow children in the store unattended, so you are going to have to leave." ","disapproval"
"One of our friends (seen in pic) wanted to make a poster today. I provided the idea, he created this masterpiece.","admiration"
"OMG!!","surprise"
"I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.","sadness"
"It’s a fucking rockstar videogame, not an old west farm and hunting simulator you pleb.","admiration"
"Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America","sadness"
"I wonder if losing their majority in the 2019 locals would shift the Unionist parties’ position?","curiosity"
"Probably in the same way I find a little cellulite hot. Anyone up for starting a subreddit with boob veins? Lmao","amusement"
"Yes but [NAME] advice is better then some randoms lol he was one of the leagues best ever defenders","admiration"
"Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.","excitement"
"That's awful bigoted of you, isn't it?","disgust"
"Think of how long you can park!","neutral"
"Autism (mechanistic thinking, lack of theory of mind) is the opposite of intuition (thinking without thinking). ","approval"
"ah, it does me heart good to see NIMBYs in the wild","love"
"That was awesome!","admiration"
"As someone who is Scandinavian, you have to admit that [NAME] are either short or VERY tall.","neutral"
"Yeah, I started to see that as a better option from reading these comments since I own most of the house anyway. Thanks for your advice.","gratitude"
"Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.","approval"
"I cant believe we elected this goon","surprise"
"I actually should do that.....","neutral"
"shits awesome!","amusement"
"Using sex as social status is beyond retarded lol","neutral"
"Ask him for guidance? Ask for some time dating others? Is he polygamous?","neutral"
"/uj this looks fucking delicious","joy"
"I have no shame in saying I still have my blanket from when I was a child. And a favorite [NAME] plushie.","annoyance"
"I think it depends on how many people are awake and passing by at the time of the posting.","confusion"
"Natural or not monopolies aren't good.","disapproval"
"I've had them for as long as I can remember ;)","joy"
"Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke","amusement"
"Lol that’s classic!! Thanks.","amusement"
"Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face","amusement"
"Oh word. Thanks for the heads up!","gratitude"
"I hope they don't do that just to please pissed off fans who want everything to be cliché.","optimism"
"Based on what I've seen, all the INFJ girls seem to be blue-haired damaged moonquacks that got abandoned by daddy.","neutral"
"There is insurance for stuff like that too, so maybe not always","neutral"
"He's getting rest. We're trying to see how he can handle the starter's role.","neutral"
"This gets much worse on the 2nd loop.","neutral"
"It's cute to hear that teens are still having mall dates--I thought those died out 15 years ago.","neutral"
"A divided Korea, is a divided Asia. The day Korea re-unites, will be the day Asia gets back control of their own destiny.","neutral"
"Excelerate are looking really good yo. They've outslayed every map, are executing perfect plays. Fun, playing to their full potential.","admiration"
"Yea that 3rd period was pretty bad tho, [NAME]","neutral"
"i'll be waiting for your post about having a crush on a straight guy tomorrow.","excitement"
"Much religion in science??","curiosity"
"Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato","realization"
"...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].","surprise"
"And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed","anger"
"That's freedom of speech for you. We have to give even the assholes a chance to talk, because the alternatives are worse.","anger"
"Oh, [NAME]!","neutral"
"Oh boy do I have some bad news for you!","disapproval"
"May is like a bad smell you can’t get rid of","neutral"
"Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially","disapproval"
"Not sure who they went to, but free in my state (Ohio).","confusion"
"[NAME] and [NAME] for Trout?","neutral"
"slander? it's only slander if it's untrue, and all I said was that you don't grasp satire, which is obviously true.","annoyance"
""She'll ruin your life either way."","neutral"
"Oh come on mom..it's 2019.","amusement"
"Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?","neutral"
"Huh, Fallout 76 and disaster in the same paragraph....that's not new.","annoyance"
"A good response to most of the criticisms of millenials.","admiration"
"That's beautiful.","admiration"
"Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel","gratitude"
"unbridled bigotry that started as a meme but ended... well, it hasn't yet but its not looking good","disappointment"
"In winter, it's SO difficult for me to cope when I had been thinking of getting one but don’t know what they are doing.","confusion"
"Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.","disgust"
"Muddy Rudder has Irish music on Sunday evenings.","neutral"
"I love [NAME] and totally understand. I hope she and [NAME] are able to have their healthy baby.","approval"
"To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is","joy"
"I just watched this video on youtube and thought about sharing it here","neutral"
"Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...","disappointment"
"I have been to my GP and let college know, I have started some meds but they won't kick in for a while ","neutral"
"One more reason for us to have our own space program.","admiration"
"That’s when we realized straights dress like randomized sims","realization"
"Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.","caring"
"I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!","excitement"
"The more unattractive the leader looks now the more attractive the new one will look come 2020","realization"
"A few years ago the offer for him would be like 21 million, not sure what it would work out to this offseason.","neutral"
"hahahaha yeah you tell him man! fuk da police coming straight from da undagrunnn hahahah just like that song right!","excitement"
"That face is awesome!","admiration"
"Hahaha. I see what you did there!","embarrassment"
"But it taste and look so good 💦👌","admiration"
"I guess some people just hate fun, lol","amusement"
"You should probably just use the same soap that you use to wash your body. You can boil silicone sex toys to kill bacteria.","neutral"
"I did. Thank you for your opinion.","approval"
"Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.","admiration"
"Lol Question for you. Why do you believe everything presented to you?","neutral"
"Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.","anger"
"He now looks like his daughter wearing a fake beard.","neutral"
"Let her contact you if she wants. Don’t bug her. Time to move onward and upward!","neutral"
"I don't care anymore.","annoyance"
"People are disgusting and insane.","disgust"
"OP should first talk to his Priest about this and try to reconcile with his faith. It's a big thing for a [NAME] to leave.","disappointment"
"Rule of cool: horses are sweet, and fun, and lancing someone is an awesome animation.","joy"
"Probably, I knew this lawn chair was a bad idea.","disapproval"
"Because in a world of fake people you need strangers being mean to get an honest opinion.","approval"
"Try to think a bit harder.","optimism"
"Lol seriously. I mean Vardos was really cool but other than that the story was so bland and predictable.","amusement"
"That. Is flipping Cute. He's definately a dog person.","admiration"
"This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.","fear"
"Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol","amusement"
"What a vile, vile country we live in.","neutral"
"Yeah, no","approval"
"Whoever the mod is that removed this needs to rethink their priorities.","neutral"
"Waiting to see angry “pedos” or whatever they call themselves thinking this is fact and melting down over at t_d","neutral"
"Wow got em you know [NAME] made the same mistake ?","surprise"
"What are you on about man, those are just rollerblades for fancy occasions ","realization"
"You fool, you have no idea that you talked about team fortress all along!","annoyance"
"Can you show an example, or is this more of that imagined victim hood we constantly see from the party who wants less brown people around?","admiration"
"These were one of the worst commentators I have ever been forced to listen to. The jokes were so cringe-worthy.","disgust"
"Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today ","joy"
"Isn't that exactly what the Dunning-Kruger effect is - someone over estimating their understanding / ability?","confusion"
"Seriously. "Haha british people pronounce something funny" "Yeah well your children are murdered in violent attacks and your healthcare system puts millions in crippling debt" ","anger"
"I have all the names..","neutral"
"For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.","curiosity"
"What was the wooosh","neutral"
"Too bad we couldn't elect a good leader in 2016...instead we got a bum. Oh well, [NAME] is finished. [NAME] 2020 ","disappointment"
"Can relate. The spirit kept telling me to move to the Morridor. Total decade+ long disaster in almost every way. Shoulda stayed where I was.","neutral"
"Thanks nate. If you need any help any time or support I'm here for ya.","gratitude"
"I instinctively thought that meant "That's gotta hurt"","neutral"
"Thats not what i said but okay schlomo","disapproval"
"That’s a cool steering wheel cover","admiration"
"Except for "fighting liberalism". Happy cake day.","neutral"
"Im sorry that I'm only able to give a single upvote for this wonderful, graphic, and accurate visualization.","admiration"
"Let’s see if it’s a thing r/unexpectedjokers Edit: why am I not surprised also first try","confusion"
"Someone is jealous they’re not in a union.","neutral"
"It's weird how quickly I agreed with you. Usually I'da been more incredulous.","approval"
"my good girl","admiration"
"Most likely. If he falls to our 3rd round pick ,I think we should definitely take him.","approval"
"we are scared on /r/bengals rn","fear"
"Outside of Reddit the Democrat base has definitely not gotten more progressive.","disapproval"
"This is an incredible insight I've never thought of before. loyalty vs disloyalty, compared to care vs harm, I mean.","admiration"
"[NAME] a filthy commie statist who wants to take your guns, has no idea how economics works, and has the morals of a left-wing welfare degenerate. ","neutral"
"I feel like this should be a copypasta... It's correct and I want the message to be spread...Can we make this a thing lol","curiosity"
"No it’s okay I just rub some Young Living™️ Thieves on ankle and it fixes everything","approval"
"Ahh yeah I've been there didn't know it had a name. Thanks dude.","approval"
"[NAME] makes me want to punch ugly pillows.","disapproval"
"Weird but interesting nonetheless.","relief"
"Love this. I thought I replied this morning, but I’m definitely taking your ideas and going to try them! Best of luck","joy"
"I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully","joy"
"Let's kill and eat them all. That'll stop those damned animals from deforesting my forests","anger"
"I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those","confusion"
"Less is definitely more. That picture is just kind of forgettable old meme material. This post feels like old keyword stuffing.","annoyance"
"I was able to catch the first half and his D looked great (thats what she said?), did it decline in the second?","neutral"
"Bad sarcasm in response to a bad joke seems about right to be fair.","annoyance"
"I pray in the space I have inside my truck :)","desire"
"Udderly hysterical!","fear"
"i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies","disappointment"
"I didn't know that they had that on there lol. Are those the kind of shows that you're into?","curiosity"
"You mean like how Skyrim is only good because of all the mods? Lol","amusement"
"Make sure your Cats are in a safe and loving place.","caring"
"[NAME] is good but he needs to never take a midrange shot again","approval"
"feeling like im not normal and that im shameful and wrong and other people telling me those things are what have done this to me","love"
"Nope. I don't think so either. Same thing I noticed with a couple of accounts that posted here at ESS recently.","disapproval"
"That destroys honor tho right ??","confusion"
"And it’s super awkward with someone you barely know.","embarrassment"
"I expected the windows to burst. Definitely not expected THAT.","surprise"
"Well stop drinking bovine growth hormone then.","caring"
""Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck" is the best I can formulate it.","admiration"
"I applaud you (in a non-sarcastic way)","admiration"
"He now looks like his daughter wearing a fake beard.","disapproval"
"No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom","disapproval"
"The dying empire.","caring"
"Ah Belgium ... being paid €500 by your employer, and only being allowed to keep €200 :)","disappointment"
"Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!","admiration"
"A police response is probably justified for some of the larger spiders we have here.","optimism"
"Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks. ","disapproval"
"... Oh dear gods, no...","disappointment"
"No doubt about that","neutral"
"Oops, accidentally fed the troll. Ah well, we all gotta eat. Guess I'm feeling charitable. 😉","approval"
"As soon as I read the title the music for this game started playing in my head.","neutral"
"Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?","gratitude"
"But that's "whataboutism" which means it's all fine and can be ignored. Try to keep up.","annoyance"
"The comments in there are so nonchalant I can’t help but laugh","amusement"
"dude imagine how [NAME] felt when he copped a full powered one from Barboza.","neutral"
"You're FUCKING JOKING","amusement"
"Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour. ","love"
"This whole sub makes me sad.","sadness"
"Can I get an F for being stuck at college? Thanks.","neutral"
"No I didn't. PM me your username here and I'll reach out to you.","neutral"
"What did I just read","neutral"
"Considering that the majority of people who play poker still open limp, I'm surprised these posts aren't more common.","surprise"
"They played loud music on a ‘school night’, seriously! You’re backing the bastards here just to be contrary.","anger"
"As much as he's a bit of a nutter, he does keep his word as far as I can tell.","neutral"
"It's more like depression is the default state. We live in a depressing society.","sadness"
"But the poster, on the other hand...","neutral"
"migration lol","amusement"
"This is why business and family should never mix.","neutral"
"Unless I have to see if they look as stupid as their driving makes me think they are. Then I pull right up and stare.","neutral"
"Imagine thinking a bigot isn't ignorant","disgust"
"You forgot blue passports","neutral"
">How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]","anger"
"30% of the country are insane.","neutral"
"At least the bike was lighter than you ... poor cr50","realization"
"My wife is a rams fan. I don’t like them, but I think I like them more than the patriots lol","joy"
"That’s fair.","admiration"
"No means no? What does that mean between she and I though? When she's doing someone else","curiosity"
"Who the hell has all these power tools but no hammer","anger"
"want* a source on that, sorry.","sadness"
"If your partner is assaulting/abusing you that’s a dealbreaker.","neutral"
"Until he leaves for the Lakers and we’re right back in the same spot in two years after not winning shit","optimism"
"Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.","approval"
"he’s not happy with me","sadness"
"Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach","remorse"
"K... I guess I'll just take your work for it.","approval"
"They also had some kinda lemony dressing on the salad so the bottom of the sandwich was all soggy.","neutral"
"Pretty sure this is someone with a disorder, not a hangover. ","approval"
"I know and that made me sad!","sadness"
"Read the poem "To this Day". I just read it. I liked it.","joy"
"Agreed, that’s different if it’s their choice, but I would suggest against starting off that way!","approval"
"I think you might be underestimating some people sadly.","annoyance"
"[NAME], 2 weeks ago got charged $20 and was fake [NAME].","disappointment"
"[NAME] was injured going into that game and then ultimately left in the second half after suffering another injury","neutral"
"I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY","neutral"
"That is not a side swipe. That's a full on t-bone. But I hope they all made it through somehow.","desire"
"I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!","neutral"
"That would be perfect! Wish I had that.","desire"
"I remember seeing her twitter profile when it all went down and she was a rocket","neutral"
"Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.","neutral"
"Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.","surprise"
"If you've ever heard him speak on almost anything he's clearly extremely intelligent even if he's being crass.","admiration"
"Yikes. That’s straight up paranoid, you can tell they were looking through comments for someone to rage at. ","disgust"
"Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(","disappointment"
"Nice try GRU.","neutral"
"I much prefer when the CB is given a taste of their own medicine. Far more satisfying than being polite. This one is great!","admiration"
"Epic artist moment","neutral"
"My wife has some crazy friends and I ducking love hearing their “slutty” stories. The things they make these thirsty guys do is unreal.","admiration"
"The papers listed at might be of help.","relief"
"I'm in the UK dude. It's happening everywhere and most people are either busy hating or living in a bubble so are oblivious.","neutral"
"Could be an attainability thing. My personality is very aloof and I tend to have much better results with more confident girls in general.","optimism"
"Man I love this team. No I hate this team. No I love this team!","anger"
"You drive from Burlington to London to school???","neutral"
"Who doesn't have unlimited calls???","curiosity"
"After how badly the Patriots screwed CT, how can anyone like them?","neutral"
"He is so dreamy...... This thread is going r/suddenlygay real quick","excitement"
">Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over","neutral"
"Liberalism isn't a problem for the GOP. The GOP is liberal.","neutral"
"sorry it was absolutely not like that","remorse"
"oh my [NAME]. it was hurting my brain. i only saw the disappearing boot and thought i was missing something.","sadness"
"I bought the double barrel and fully upgraded it and now it's one of my favorite guns.","joy"
"Theres nothing more despicable in this world than a carelessly brewed mug of chai brother. You gotta get with the program.","approval"
"Huh. That’s kind of crazy.","amusement"
"Because I was a fan through all of those NFCCG losses...","neutral"
"This is lovely. Didn’t expect the end.","admiration"
"I like it when incompident workers phone in sick. They can't annoy me then","amusement"
"Get it out of the way as quickly as possible. Some people claim to like it, so maybe you'll be one of those weirdos.","caring"
"Opponents will try to figure out how to stop our running game...but they'll be Stumped.","admiration"
"Please no.","disapproval"
"Oh I gets it. Sort of wished these two guys were more of on the same page.","surprise"
"Looks like this person just solved the world’s starvation problem. Get a Nobel Prize ready for them!","admiration"
"Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.","disappointment"
"But huge in the market 👍","neutral"
"Someone should make a religion out of this","neutral"
"With him though you're supposed to be attracted to him because that's how he was able to kill so many women","neutral"
"I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.","approval"
"So? Many people don’t resemble their parents.","neutral"
"*Shrug* "Heh, Another tuesday"","disgust"
"As if any of those words mean anything other than "give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"","annoyance"
"My first Hawks jersey was #81. Praise be.","admiration"
"Also looks pretty ♭","admiration"
"That’s what I suspected. Will be interesting to see if they can steal some wins against the top teams in the league.","neutral"
"Why does every comment here have at least one reply that is like an essay long","confusion"
"This looks like an obvious joke to me. Most of you are getting baited.","anger"
"They treat [NAME] like he’s [NAME] now, no wonder he’s so lukewarm to this market ","approval"
"I've isolated myself to the extent that i only focus my energy on myself/work.as lonely as it sounds its been such a breath of fresh air.","neutral"
"It is a very good opportunity for him to learn not to care so much about his hair.","admiration"
"Great show honestly","admiration"
"That’s always my worst fear when the idea of leaving during January comes up. I wish you the best of luck in unthawing them!","disgust"
""This is good. What is it?" "Es carne de burro." "Heh, my name's [NAME]."","approval"
"If they take on Crabbe it could be alright. We should try to get [NAME] and [NAME] from Chicago while dumping Crabbe.","neutral"
"This is probably why people are fleeing CT. Our state is on fire and people just keep saying "this is fine."","neutral"
"Please be [NAME]. I like [NAME], for the record. But I'm def willing to part ways with him. ","desire"
"He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.","disappointment"
"dude people here can be assholes. there’s nothing wrong with taking a break.","disgust"
"This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.","joy"
"EWWW yes. This makes me shudder. All wet and gross.","neutral"
"Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.","disgust"
"So what's your point? It's colder today than it was yesterday. /s","neutral"
"Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough","pride"
"Akshon Esports do amazing and high quality content for Artifact, crazy they get so few views on their videos.","admiration"
"Yeah I remember when they banned bathrooms, crazy thing. ","annoyance"
"I’ll check again","realization"
"Wow spongebob was right!","approval"
"Ugh i wish i had seen this earlier! Have fun at the game!","joy"
"Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife","annoyance"
"i love you.","love"
"They can stay but not become citizens.","neutral"
"Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed","approval"
"I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] “koons”...and that was his exact response lol","amusement"
"Haha haha! Excellent","joy"
"He's being serious but the man himself is a joke.","neutral"
"Shoulda told her to come watch it at ur place","neutral"
"The shattered glass looks like a sassy elf","neutral"
"Wow. This would suck","amusement"
"I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.","optimism"
"Despite the certainty of some, we do not know. But we do know [NAME] is loving and merciful, and we hope for the salvation of all.","love"
"I’m gonna need to see that in writing before I celebrate.","curiosity"
"There’s a special place in hell for u","anger"
"I've been there. It's one of the most diverse places on Earth.","neutral"
"Me too. Book of Abraham is such a headache for the church. They would love to get rid of it I am sure.","annoyance"
"I’m still not sure how we managed to do that. Gas prices in this state has gone up around 70 cents per gallon since around 2013","confusion"
"> This is wrong on so many levels.","disapproval"
"Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!","disappointment"
"I'm starting to think that this whole DSJ trade thing is a bunch of BS.","neutral"
"LPT: As soon as you wake up make a repost, your virtual internet points will make you feel better.","optimism"
"Lol, I’m surprised more people didn’t catch that. Thanks for the med check! ","gratitude"
"Figured since [NAME] is expiring and you guys are tanking it didn’t really matter","neutral"
"As long as he doesn’t roll on the floor and then fix his hair it will be an improvement.","neutral"
"Besides, Canada is extremely choosy about the kind of people they allow in.","confusion"
""Everyone knows the [NAME] make good stuff!" - Sham-Wow guy. ","neutral"
"But do you have a notoriously shady history a la Jax? (Hope not)","curiosity"
"If you do, the defecation will impact the rotary oscillating atmospheric circulation device.","neutral"
"Sure let's leave a bomb outside a [RELIGION] secondary school, that'll show the [NAME]!","neutral"
"I'm divorcing my narcissistic ex and that book helped me so much!","approval"
"Say "ship", ok, ok, now say "sheep", kai ksana mia allh fora","neutral"
"Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.","excitement"
"I found [NAME]!! That took me way too long to spot the watermark lol. Good eye!!","amusement"
"And much like The Lions past, future and present it's not looking bright.","neutral"
"Hey thanks! Happy new year to you too!","gratitude"
"i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.","caring"
"Bring it on, I’ve played enough PUBG for a good pan battle!","joy"
"I’m glad","joy"
"I wouldn't be caught outside after sunset anywhere in this city.","neutral"
"But asking kids he teaches about him and then telling us that. Weird flex","neutral"
"Seaton Park > Central Park","neutral"
"Not to mention the fact, that he's casually smoking a cigarette 3 inches away from an infant.","disapproval"
"Thanks. I'll be phoning the psych tomorrow (maybe) about med increase since I'm on the lowest anyways.","approval"
"I love the downvote followed by zero response. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, goodnight *mic drop ","gratitude"
"Hat tip to /u/ianamolly, this is from Sept. 2017 - ","neutral"
"Oh nice!","admiration"
"Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever","amusement"
"Plutocrats love Wealthcare.","love"
"I honestly don't know but the more attention something gets the less it gets ignored","neutral"
"She is an asshat for driving on the walkway but fuck these guys. They should probably find something better to do with their lives.","disgust"
"A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.","surprise"
"Hypocritical is pot calling the kettle genocide","disgust"
"Season 3 onward, pretty much anything with [NAME] makes me laugh. My fav character for sure. ","amusement"
"Thank you, I had no idea if it was normal or not lol. I felt like I was the only one until just now. I appreciate it ","gratitude"
"44 is chilly. I'm in Colorado and we were single digits earlier in the week so 50 today was like a heatwave! Stay warm ;)","caring"
"Just found my new phone background. This is amazing, keep it up!","excitement"
"Maybe inappropriate, but [NAME] mamma can get it..... ","neutral"
"Interested in Carlton stuff.","curiosity"
"I actually didn’t know that the White House Mess existed, is run by the Navy, and still running. That just makes this even weirder.","surprise"
"I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate","sadness"
"He's not surprised they spent money, he's wondering how much they paid to have this much penetration of their marketing.","neutral"
"Downvoted because I stated facts ok...","disappointment"
"I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.","amusement"
"Wait what planet was this on? I dont remember ever going there","confusion"
"trust me, he's not.","desire"
"Because it's fun?","confusion"
"Happy birthday, [NAME]!","joy"
"Stranger things have happened.","neutral"
"not to worry, I'm on the case.","relief"
"Please don't promote your channel","fear"
"Why do you feel like you have to figure out what life is alone?","curiosity"
"*thinks about all of those hours on GTA* [chuckles] I’m in danger","neutral"
"I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke","amusement"
"Coloradon't is hilarious. I also thought of Rocky Mountain Lowpoint or Rocky Mountain Loser.","neutral"
"> Gold diggers barely exist. Right -- that's why most first dates tend to approximate a debtor's examination or an IRS audit.","neutral"
"get the packages sent to your work or a relatives or trusted friends home nearby ???? parcel locker ??","confusion"
"Oh wait that's tonight?!?! Totally watching 😎","surprise"
"Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.","caring"
"I mean, he's 6'0''. He just isn't thicc","neutral"
"My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!","gratitude"
"“Screaming outrage” you say? Project much?","neutral"
"It’s all about the tech my friend. The person who knows how to control the modem has the power.","approval"
"There’s still 12 episodes left compared of the two he’s been out. It’s too early to be making that kind of claim.","optimism"
"I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.","sadness"
"They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.","disapproval"
"No. I am good with it.","optimism"
"Doesn't answer the question about who is going to pick the low hanging fruit though!","annoyance"
"Damn, good thing I got those experts to tell me that, I'd never have guessed!","admiration"
"Agreed. I'm happy he was able to find a resolution of sorts; to effectively overcome the event.","approval"
"Forgot what it's like to actually not dislike one of the patients","annoyance"
"Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!","annoyance"
"When you feel bad, remember his comments on [NAME] throwing the shoe. He sucks.","sadness"
"It starts with the malicious ones and then they whip up the others. [NAME] is truly a stain on american politics.","neutral"
"Hi [NAME]! In this post you are conflating "education" with "wealth". It's a common mistake. ","neutral"
"You are not to be truffled with!!! Good luck to you!!","admiration"
"It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.","sadness"
"Yep, that's my daily commute.","approval"
"I highly doubt it man. You should be in the clear.","approval"
"I really hope no one actually thought [NAME] would be our coach for next season.","sadness"
"Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.","annoyance"
"He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal","admiration"
"Yes, they disappear. Some herbs have stayed on my map, but only a few, most like all the animal ones just disappear.","realization"
"Lol, that slomo","amusement"
"Thank you, and I am. I'm definitely fine with regretful parent, I'd flair myself that if I had an actual computer at hand.","gratitude"
"I love [NAME]","love"
"Its true. This week my family and I have found out that there is someone for everyone. I tell you there are some weird people out there.","approval"
"How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.","sadness"
"Kids are playing fortnite. I have a few hundred hours played of the latest COD on PC and have encountered maybe one kid on comms.","neutral"
"Oh I didn’t notice the salt before. I’ll leave it out when I made it, thank you!","gratitude"
"[NAME] buddy, [NAME] :) being lonely is only much needed solitude in disguise, a break from all the shit","caring"
"I think this is the only place on the internet that is happy with this commercial hahaha","amusement"
"Both are awesome states. I just got back from NM yesterday! Good luck with your move.","admiration"
"Thats a good way to lose any good will free agents might have about coming here. Promise them something in a deal and then immediately reverse course.","neutral"
"Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad","disapproval"
"Now is the fun part, where you try to maintain this lifestyle.","joy"
"Shit out to my little hommies who's parents made them go to school today.","neutral"
"Shouldnt you be attacking immigrants on the trains about now [NAME]?","neutral"
"Including the fact that once I pirate something, i usually will purchase it later on either through frustration / poor quality/ actually loving the product / etc","annoyance"
"I don’t cry enough.","neutral"
"In the right photo, he looks like my friend's husband.","realization"
"My favourite pool! Shame I don't live around there anymore","sadness"
"This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.","amusement"
"Probably, [NAME] will accuse him of raping her now. ","neutral"
"That's honestly what I thought too!!","neutral"
"Thanks man I will check into it.","gratitude"
"Go on...","curiosity"
"Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?","embarrassment"
"That is one big pile of cringe.","neutral"
"That [NAME] part killed me!","amusement"
"Thank you so much! I love Germany! I was in Berlin 2 years ago for research work.","gratitude"
"He is a right click bot now lol, but seriously you do the same but with worse mobility.","annoyance"
"Convert to [RELIGION].","neutral"
"What "same thing"? You're not addressing any of my actual argument and have barely been doing so for a while.","curiosity"
"I guess it's the word 'high'","confusion"
"People more interested in kids and safety than making their books look good.","neutral"
"This ain’t too bad for something posted to Facebook","disappointment"
"Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them","anger"
"As [NAME] says,"Just put your emotions over there and eventually you will die"","neutral"
"[NAME] looks like a maggot in that dress","neutral"
"exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick","disapproval"
"OMG thank you. Just thank you all","gratitude"
"Yes!!! It shows insecurity... automatically swipe left","neutral"
"I take that part on faith. There’s no “proof”, but it’s also an entirely unfalsifiable claim.","neutral"
"This inspiring.","admiration"
"The best thing about it is that it's tons of people that didn't know he existed 2 months ago and have never watched him play.","admiration"
"[NAME] is bae, how dare you.","neutral"
"Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now","disgust"
"Megatron hanging out with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]. This is like a fever dream","neutral"
"Yeah cuz they don't exist lol","disappointment"
"I just physically *shuddered* at the idea of redoing middle school..","sadness"
"Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.","caring"
"Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.","approval"
"oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship","amusement"
"HHDGFMDHNDFG my ENTIRE new years party looked at me and started asking me questions 😶🙅‍♂️","neutral"
"Wasn’t it 99% of the WORLD’S population? Like how in the fuck is that even possible...","confusion"
"I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.","anger"
"I feel so sorry for [NAME]..","caring"
"Another thank you, this is great info.","admiration"
"My favourite scene in the movie.","joy"
"Damn have they not heard of shelters. Bro go adopt a pupper.","annoyance"
"What if they’re just fans of Dukes of Hazard though... Edit: I forgot to /s. Lol.","neutral"
"NEVER FEAR!!! [NAME] IS HERE!!","neutral"
"I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(","annoyance"
"This could only end badly.","fear"
"Points. I envy your luck! My matches generally range from 10k-29k :/","desire"
"I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]","anger"
"A crime more sinister cannot be imagined!","disapproval"
"Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?","approval"
"They could've added two dots and a line and it could have been better","approval"
"I agree a million percent. People on this sub are way too emotional about ghosting in early stage dating.","approval"
"Some kind of situation(s) you experienced that made you realize that, or someone else's experience...","realization"
"When will this copypasta die, it must be going strong for 10 years","approval"
"Thank you. I appreciate your kind offer.","gratitude"
"A good therapist can lead you to talking about what you need to talk about once they get to know you and your emotions and trends","approval"
"Can we get a guard too? This is my dream.","desire"
"Good god what if they’re all ru songs","neutral"
"[NAME] has only lived for [NAME] and [NAME] for now but the choices have been fair.","neutral"
"Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.","optimism"
"Went to their other location in Capitol Reef National Park and it was fantastic. The cauliflower dough is great even if you're not into gluten-frei.","approval"
"I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight","neutral"
"I wonder what goes through [NAME] head when he decides to shoot for 3 😅","neutral"
"I have an older set by what looks like the same artist. They look identical just with a few different players.","neutral"
"I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.","love"
"They barely screen apparently, and it's ok, I know I'm garbage lol","amusement"
"He’s down at least one pair of glasses, if not an eyesocket as well. ","neutral"
"Whatever dude. Nothing is more trustworthy than [NAME] with a Russian accent","neutral"
"A little optimistic to call it trolling. He's pretty Damn stupid, let's not put anything past him.","optimism"
"Welp see you in eternity!!!","disappointment"
"Her face oddly looks way narrower in this picture.","admiration"
"Removed and warned. R1","anger"
"So glad my mom didn’t act this way when I was diagnosed.... oh, and my mom was smart and vaccinated me","admiration"
"For every Undertale or Stardew Valley there's dozens, if not hundreds of other games developers put their heart and soul to, but never catch on.","disapproval"
"It seems hazy, and there’s been conflicting messages","confusion"
"HAHAHAHA YELLOW FOR AZPI????","confusion"
"What if I told you that [NAME] and his supporters don't care about security. They just want to keep brown people out.","neutral"
"Obviously, as long as [NAME] commanded it then it's moral. Morality brought to you by stone age goat herders!","approval"
"Amen. Although sometimes you look up and have to look back down before you lose the wood","grief"
"Cut out the middle man! Be oppressed directly by your corporate overlords!","anger"
"This would be like switching from a girlfriend who cheats on you and steals your money to a girlfriend who cheats on you and doesn't like your dog.","neutral"
"That means nothing beyond the fact that I couldn’t be asked arguing with you. It was a no contest essentially.","neutral"
">fail at reading comprehension >Other guy must be a troll ¯_(ツ)_/¯","disgust"
">very good teams and perfect situations Situations such as.... [NAME] at the Knicks? Lmao dude, give it up. ","neutral"
"[NAME]... I hadn't seen or had forgotten that study.","neutral"
"I cannot believe a woman in her 30s has never had an orgasm. I would have tried everything on the planet to have one.","neutral"
""aaaand it's intercepted! [NAME] at the goal line!" music to my ears","neutral"
"[NAME]. I’ll keep my teeth thanks. They’re better (and more useful) companions than a weird dude.","annoyance"
"Scratch that, tickets go on sale February 7th.","neutral"
"Praise the [NAME]","neutral"
"thank you SO SO much for your help <3","gratitude"
"Oh man, I forgot about that! Which episode was that from?","curiosity"
"Whatever keeps your inflated ego going strong, Captain.","neutral"
"Oy! NOW THAT'S REALLY PISSED IT OFF!!","anger"
"I'll probably do the same thing next year that I did this year and that was targeting [NAME] pretty late","neutral"
"Its that classic rare games bring everyone together","curiosity"
"Try out ESEA brother it is way less toxic and almost no cheaters (as far as I noticed, played 240 faceit matches and that is hella toxic)","annoyance"
"We were by far the better team - [NAME] had no chance on any of the goals. Bad mistakes by [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]","neutral"
"I'm so glad my dog hasn't figured out how to jump the 6' fence.","gratitude"
"shut up LIBTARD you right now:🤯😭🥺","anger"
"i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me","sadness"
"Is that his real name? That sounds like a Russian [NAME]","confusion"
"You conveniently aren't speaking to my assertion.","neutral"
"And here i am, cant even clean my tongue without gagging... ","neutral"
"BTW your story really gave me comfort, Thank you.","gratitude"
"It is good game, they are good generation!","approval"
"I’m glad I had a few margaritas before I read this","relief"
"I bet he paid, AND requested this masterpiece ","approval"
"I’ll do that. Thank you","gratitude"
"I think it was more hope, we all make mistakes. I thought [NAME] was going to step up.","optimism"
"what a psycho","annoyance"
"Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude","disapproval"
"i’m cry laughing though bc she panned it the exact same way i did when i was 15 and got a naked palette","neutral"
"Damn. Low tech bait bike","annoyance"
"Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.","caring"
"the whole summit ice r/nathanforyou episode is amazing.","admiration"
"Thanks bot, I was and plan to have a great day despite this negativity in this comment section.","gratitude"
"that's so sweet","admiration"
"About as odd as it is noticing a hockey players finger nails on tv","disgust"
"I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?","curiosity"
"Yes applaud the atheist and slam your brothers in the apostolic faith, way to go. ","admiration"
"i said first world :)","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are mad at [NAME].","confusion"
"[NAME] why you doing this! Put that on frame buddy","neutral"
"You are extremely rude and condescending, and in my opinion it’s sad that you’re a teacher. ","approval"
"I have, I've always wanted to celebrate Christmas and actually have a more closer family","joy"
"He said i am being rude to her","annoyance"
"My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.","amusement"
"It's all greek to me","neutral"
"He’s something of a genius himself.","admiration"
"Yeah, and I always thought the dude in these comics was supposed to be like 30 years old. ","approval"
"A horrendous amount of Sesame oil, god, that would be awful.","disgust"
"yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!","disappointment"
"and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf","amusement"
"I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.","desire"
"Didn’t you guys have a bowl game?","neutral"
"Yikes hope hes ok","caring"
"I apologize. Wasn’t aware but thanks for letting me know.","gratitude"
"i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls","sadness"
"It's very frustrating. I'm just crossing my fingers that something will help me soon. Thank you. xxoo","annoyance"
"I think that's how the game will end. With [NAME] talking to [NAME] again. Don't know if I'm prepared for that","confusion"
"Can you adopt me? I’m after those bones","neutral"
"Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.","optimism"
"> 82 percent of black voters trusting [NAME] and two percent trusting [NAME] Seems kinda high for [NAME] lol","amusement"
"I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.","disgust"
"MAD JOKE!","amusement"
"So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!","disapproval"
"Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.","neutral"
"I haven't gone to someone to talk about it. I really want to, though. ","curiosity"
"Sweet now I can stop reading 20 different articles about about X Y and Z","neutral"
"Her only number one this decade was featuring on Perfect with [NAME] :(","neutral"
"Then much of the advice here is terrible because it congratulates him on doing the entirely wrong thing.","fear"
"Don't worry. I took one for the team and checked. Yes it's real.","approval"
"Makes me very happy indeed.","joy"
"I propose Istanbul. I don't think it's dull, I find it incredibly appropriate and amusing.","admiration"
"She has pretty hair.","admiration"
"Not a chance on this","disapproval"
"Ohthe good old lemon meme died so quickly, i mean that’s how mafia works","grief"
"Corporate and corporatist is the new "CTR shill" over in /r/politics. Found a trollbot ","neutral"
"Ok but it’s easy to worry when the legal drinking age in your nation is one of the lowest among first-world countries.","nervousness"
"Oh I didn't even see that at first! I thought it was just a clipboard, but you've found a second angle! ","realization"
"Nah u mad lol","amusement"
"well she went to prison for **armed robbery and kidnapping** so after learning this i could hardly give a shit about her","anger"
"They're only part of it. There are subliminals as well. My sa is cured. Have a blast keeping yours if that's what you want","approval"
"I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.","amusement"
"Dropping the Scud on the enemy is always good revenge","admiration"
"Living his best life.","admiration"
"Argentina is with you! Be strong comrades!","caring"
"You should call the police and tell your friend maybe you can Stay over at his place","neutral"
"Once I saw who posted the video, I was certain I knew who it was, and I was right. Glad to see him back in action!","gratitude"
"Man I love reddit.","love"
"Yeah, I was like "man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"","gratitude"
"i also love this one","love"
"I see you with Zangetsu, and I like it","approval"
"Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right","surprise"
"So you think ohh should text him now and ask about the date?","neutral"
"Back in my day the only bars you could find were real ones👴","approval"
"So you think I can not find it anywhere? I love that sweatshirt yes you help me! thank you!","gratitude"
"If she hasn’t told you where she lives it’s too soon to send flowers...in my opinion.","approval"
"Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.","anger"
"A car. Let someone else eat the immediate depreciation and break it in for you.","joy"
"Very true, honestly. Hopefully one day indiginous issues won't be a political career killer, and we'll have a PM that dares to do something.","neutral"
"Meth is a hell of a drug.","anger"
"Ok, fair enough... This one works","neutral"
"If guys like that are your only option, you may be better off single...","neutral"
"Hah hah I got the quote was mocking him - it was so perfect it thought it was genuine. Quality work :D","admiration"
"Maybe she was having a bad day. But then again at least say hi.","approval"
"Weird how ive been "attempted" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D","confusion"
"I thought that was a good pickup line","confusion"
"You can tell it’s an Aspen tree because of the way it is.","approval"
"Cross posting is a thing.. I'm not subscribed to /r/funny so I wouldn't have seen it had they not.","realization"
"If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time","neutral"
"I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.","desire"
"So much lonely","nervousness"
"Because I have no self-control and I hate myself.","anger"
"Ask them if they’re going to give you a “test salary” for it... if not, nope out of there. ","disapproval"
"Must've been hard to resist, although the joke would've felt flaccid since it hangs so low","neutral"
"Is it just me or does it seem like she should have been able to get away with a couple scraped knees without the concussion","neutral"
"Was it a promo for the cross overs?","neutral"
"[NAME] being the most manipulative person in the house was not something I expected","surprise"
"Oh [NAME]...","neutral"
"Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.","annoyance"
"Is that her official name now? [NAME]","amusement"
"Oooo too soon man","neutral"
"Why hello there","neutral"
"Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.","fear"
"All good just in it for the free karma anyways my man ( ▀ ͜͞ʖ▀)","approval"
"WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING","anger"
"No, you are just suggesting someone be at the "perfect" level of looking for a relationship. Suggesting someone be the perfect anything is just sillyness. ","neutral"
"Everyone thinks they are middle class.","neutral"
"Cloning shouldnt recreate sensitivity to the Force.","disapproval"
"I mean, they did just that in Djibouti I believe, and Sri Lanka before. Hopefully Kenya can avoid the debt trap","optimism"
"That would be nice","approval"
"Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?","anger"
"I'm not surprised.","neutral"
"The BBC covered up a pedophile story involving high ranking politicians. No thank you. They are basically the public relations branch of the government.","neutral"
"It’s not you. These subs are terrible. Even beautiful women get insulted on there ugh","fear"
"What a heel.","sadness"
"Really? I had no idea the bioavailability was the same","realization"
"I think it’s because of his “Don’t Go In There After Me” Dundie award winning bathroom trips.","neutral"
"I'm going to use "my dicky has to perpetually get sticky" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!","disgust"
"No surprise, it's nearly impossible to find a seat in the library any time remotely close to exams. ","approval"
"What did he say?","confusion"
"Well if you read my other posts you’d know I did try to end it in a responsible mature way and he refused sooo","disapproval"
"[NAME] fucked up with this line up. Why do you change it, if everything was going good? Idiot! ","anger"
"FEAR THE TURTLE","fear"
"this is beautiful !!! my poor baby tho, why is she crying ??? ;(( ","admiration"
"And that’s it? Then they’re a [NAME]?","confusion"
"Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull","annoyance"
"Thanks [NAME] but I don't think you understood the context of the phrase in my post and you should probably just fuck off.","annoyance"
"thank you!!","gratitude"
"Hers are just terrible. I’ve seen the look great on other people.","admiration"
"Those types of retirement homes are for people that want to live in a social community. But you are right, find another community. ","disapproval"
"Makes it a lot less stressful tho. Regretting staying up this late tho","sadness"
"My same thoughts! Post this there and see what options you have! That is unbelieveable your dad would do that!","neutral"
"Don't you know pets are valued more than a woman's life.","realization"
"Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS","excitement"
"He was just trying to sit down I think. Poor guy, doesn’t deserve all this shit from reddit.","neutral"
"Honestly, that would be my nightmare, I’d rather keep [NAME] another season and draft a new QB in 2020 instead ","fear"
"It's a situationally dependent call. Yes, I would call *it* again if I had another chance.","approval"
"Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.","disappointment"
"Thanks, bud!","gratitude"
"You are a sad person","neutral"
"You have to live for you. Go get that education, go get that career. Rediscover yourself.","optimism"
"you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry","realization"
"I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.","relief"
"A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.","love"
"Know when to shut up, you have to. Needs to learn she does. Nice job.","approval"
"Women are dangerous as hell too.","annoyance"
"Thats not even compareable, for one epic made NONE of these games except fortnite. Please explain how third party exclusives within the same platform should exist.","annoyance"
"I think there is something odd about it too... We will probably get the truth it the not to distant future, but no one will care. ","disapproval"
"Idk, he could claim the victim jumped in front of his truck. There's no one to deny his side of the story.","confusion"
"I blame all of y'all, y'all told [him he] was funny","neutral"
"You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol","amusement"
"Didn't read all of it, read the relevant articles (165 for license simultaneity, and 56 for carryover sanctions) haha","joy"
"[NAME] what an asshole.","anger"
"The thing that screams narc to me is that you still had an 8pm curfew at age 20.","surprise"
"They'll just confiscate it here. I remember I had a pocket knife in my bag that I forgot about. They just took it away.","approval"
""Yeah look" like a toddler being surprised by his own genitals","surprise"
"Hear hear :(","neutral"
"Well it was heavily leaning towards breweries and beer in general but we still got to see heaps of other stuff to so thanks!","neutral"
"It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!","disapproval"
"As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.","confusion"
"I love your honesty. What you wrote expresses fears and questions similar to mine. Thank you so much.","admiration"
"He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him. ","admiration"
"My Ping Pong Queen looks so happy! I cried lol","joy"
"I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.","disappointment"
"Oh my god is this even an possibility? He’s one of my favorite college coaches. That mans voice is legendary.","admiration"
"> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.","anger"
"Would the OP care to explain what the thought was behind posting this here? A warning for justification for potential upcoming gun-control responses?","curiosity"
"Just turned on the game. I hope I brought the boys some good luck","optimism"
"Wrong kind of grass seeds?","neutral"
"Sounds like a scene/moment ripped from Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban","approval"
""Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!" /s","anger"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were better than everyone on that list except for [NAME]. Also [NAME] is a racist.","neutral"
"Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.","relief"
"That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.","annoyance"
"Never let facts get in the way of a good story.","neutral"
"Cadbury is better than both of these, however they’re still solid choices.","approval"
"i dont give a flaming fart about averages. most people have no taste in comedy.","disappointment"
"I’m broke as shit and already do that.","disappointment"
"Also it seems like there is some possibility of the pole going backwards lol","disappointment"
"You got it, just keep doing whatever you were doing the past 20-whatever days. Constrict that demon, dude.","admiration"
"I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.","disappointment"
"Saying that combo with a straight face after the fucking mess that went into the last UFC event should be hard.","neutral"
"This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.","surprise"
"I literally just finished watching the second episode of Daredevil. This pains me","neutral"
"thanks. I really hope it does get better","desire"
"No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go","disappointment"
"It's a shame that so many experimental psychology studies are still using such dubious statistical practices.","annoyance"
"I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.","love"
"TO THIS DAY!!!! TO THIS DAY!!!!!!","surprise"
"I’m sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol","remorse"
"Even though it should level out, it's still currently having major detrimental impacts on the environment and human suffering ","approval"
"because my dogs wouldst know why I left. gotta give that little floof ball the best life he can have","disappointment"
"For me, it's tedious and frustrating enough to do it the first time, but I'm glad you enjoy it","disgust"
"Love [NAME] more.","love"
"Mom.......MOTHERFUCKING CRACK","neutral"
"Oh, fond memories of accusations of belonging to the CTR squad for so much of 2015/16.","optimism"
"I dont think prostitutes are going to teach you how to have good sex 🤔","disapproval"
"Dude. Don't even get me started on the only guy who can manipulate time running out of it.","realization"
"It's creepy but also sad that the guy was bathing in your fountain, hey at least it wasn't your pool. ","caring"
"Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.","annoyance"
"But what about terminal pulp space infections that can lead to osteomyelitis of terminal phalanx? The reasoning I read was thrombosis of end artery.","curiosity"
"I'm quite curious as to how recreational marijuana legalization will effect these rates. The first two factors are generally caused by alternatives of sorts to marijuana.","curiosity"
"NOW WE ARE READY TO SAIL FOR THE HORN, WEIGH HEY AND OFF WE GO","pride"
"Just got my seats a couple of days ago!","neutral"
"dxm increases both cardio and body heat. so you should try to stay cool and dont exert yourself","neutral"
"Thanks I have been, hopefully at an acceptable level to yourself","gratitude"
"Update: All is well with the old man. Thanks for letting me vent in a "creative way."","caring"
"Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!","anger"
"Yeah, I don’t trust them either. ","disapproval"
"I fucking love that you actually educated me a little about punk. Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definetly listen to them.","gratitude"
"Because eye witnesses have always been proven to be credible. "Hands up, don't shoot"","fear"
"Very entertaining matchup. I really hope we can squeak out the win.","amusement"
"Man, [NAME] really turned insane, huh. What a shame, man...","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.","surprise"
"Can’t wait for this match","excitement"
"Agreed! I’m so excited for her story this season!","approval"
"Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:","realization"
"DDR is enjoying a bit of a renaissance at the moment, thanks to DDR A. Hopefully this will lead Konami to considering a new home release.","gratitude"
"Will they ever stop?? FLG is a cult.","neutral"
"What an awful video. I just wanted to see the jump in real time, not 10 cuts of the start, followed by 1 slomo finish.","desire"
"Always interesting to hear how dom mechanics kinda seep into other relationships lol","admiration"
"How many people start their own businesses? How many are profitable from the very beginning? How many fail?","neutral"
"Look ot it","neutral"
"lmao he deleted his reddit account after his main got exposed, and now is making an ass out of himself in the steam forums thread again","neutral"
"I say I love you to friends of both sexes and there's never been any problem, tbh I'm bissexual tho, so it should be weird either way","disgust"
"Shouldnt you be attacking immigrants on the trains about now [NAME]?","curiosity"
"ah, i see. yeah it’s true that the title does seem pretty flippant, though maybe the article itself is better?","approval"
"thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process. ","disgust"
">very good teams and perfect situations Situations such as.... [NAME] at the Knicks? Lmao dude, give it up. ","admiration"
"Eastside Cafe was pretty pricey for what it was.","approval"
"Likely frostbite advisory weather.","neutral"
"You should come. You'd enjoy it.","approval"
"Knew you weren't from here. I don't believe your story though.","disapproval"
"Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.","curiosity"
"I was responding to the title of the post (not the article). Did you call OP racist? I’m guessing not.","confusion"
"I see you saw the new season of gotham","neutral"
"Your girlfriend is cruel and emotionally manipulative. Get the hell out and don’t let anyone else treat you like a dirty little secret again.","neutral"
"what's your MBTI type?, just curious btw","curiosity"
"Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.","love"
"[NAME] is definitely a good player, would probably be an [NAME] in the East, but fuck him lol","amusement"
"OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!","anger"
"I know it's like this hipster phrase it's so stupid like you're not from the south you dumb motherfuker.","anger"
"Would love to own a deck like this 😍","desire"
"FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.","approval"
"I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in","love"
"The minute I heard about this this morning, I just knew [NAME] would use it for his benefit someway, somehow... lol. :/","neutral"
"Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.","admiration"
"Kinda what I figured. Just wanted to see if anyone else had this issue before","neutral"
"Hey. I like you","neutral"
"There is no true 0 speed because it is relative to an object your speed.","neutral"
"We put Vaseline on our teeth and lips in theater so our lips wouldn't dry out or stick to our teeth from the lights lol","neutral"
"I did thank you. Can’t wait to get back over for some games.","neutral"
"Bought the book by [NAME]. My Weekend is set!","neutral"
"> When they tried paying... Did they pay their rent or not? Your post makes it sound like they didn't pay their rent.","confusion"
"Thank you. Just hoping I'll make it with minimum damage inflicted on my friends who are helping me move","gratitude"
"I pray the chains that make this life hard are broken by gods power and you are freer with each day!","caring"
"She’s way too gangly to be thrashing around - I was waiting for her to take out a light fixture.","embarrassment"
"Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.","caring"
"I never saw this tweet. That just about clears it up then","neutral"
"Sure. Let's wait and see how much impact they have.","curiosity"
"> Religion Lol the cowardice that you won't say '[RELIGION]'.","anger"
"Such grace.","neutral"
"Those are hoteps. They're delusional idiots; no one takes them seriously.","disapproval"
"What is everybody obsession with trading away young players in this sub?","curiosity"
"So you are officially saying that record cabinet was not searched prior to the day the key was found? Is this correct?","curiosity"
"When I saw this troll comment of yours it was 9 minutes old and already had 2 upvotes. Unusual activity for this sub.","approval"
"[NAME] and [NAME] statues look so like their current ages when [NAME] looks significantly older :(","neutral"
"I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.","amusement"
"You can't slap a "sustainable sourced seafood" tag to pretend that over fishing doesn't exist and isn't a real","neutral"
"They might say that capitalism has directly or indirectly caused just as many deaths (slavery, colonialism, etc). ","neutral"
"Putting on head phones with a neutral song","neutral"
"Who created, carried and raised all these men? A woman .","neutral"
"This hits hard, sadly both of my relationships have been toxic so I've decided not to start any new ones until I start going to uni ","approval"
"I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.","love"
"Welcome to adulthood my bro.","gratitude"
"Not really, I’m not too sure, thanks for asking ","confusion"
"I miss the ESPN forums... That was a hot minute ago","neutral"
"Happy Cake Day Ph_Dank! Today is your day. Dance with fairies, ride a unicorn, swim with mermaids, and chase rainbows.","excitement"
"As a student in DC Universities I hope to fucking god they get rid of blackboard and replace it with canvas.","annoyance"
"Argument a month. I should be so lucky.","annoyance"
"This is the greatest analogy","admiration"
"Wow, way to deflate Endgame's stakes *even more* before the movie even comes out.","amusement"
"for a moment i got scared and wondered what was this doing here then i read the happy ending","confusion"
"Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video","joy"
"How dare you disrespect [NAME].","anger"
"Audio version as well.","admiration"
"Older nurses seem to have less tolerance for the bullshit of hospital work and move on once it gets to be too ridiculous.","neutral"
"I think you might be underestimating some people sadly.","disapproval"
"She... Replied to a guy in a screenshot... That's just pure stupidity.","neutral"
"Tell... what? I’m confused.","confusion"
"I didn't notice AB celebrating with juju or any of the other TD makers. Very telling....","neutral"
"Sorry, is Russia depicted in the cartoon?","confusion"
"Sounds like you got really lucky bro :). Did you ever see the guy again? If so, did he ever bully you again? ","approval"
"Comedy gold if you are the only one.","neutral"
"I regale them with stories of times when the dfaq runs out of chocolate cake, reminding them that we too can sometimes have it rough. ","realization"
"This post is amazing. Definitely starting to see good days and life just kept improving after my Nex. Thank you for this","admiration"
"That is the issue with most things, if you work there you can not win, as well as friends and family members.","disapproval"
"Maybe it was. I don't really understand what the point you're trying to make here is.","confusion"
"I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.","disgust"
"I destroyed about 1/2 of them because black snakes are actually a good thing to have around. I just didn't want too many of them.","approval"
"I buried the hatchet with them last year. Phuck Philly","neutral"
"Best of luck to you my friend, keep going ","gratitude"
"Thanks, it was no effort at all.","gratitude"
"Unfortunately, this sub is slowly being populated by prequel revisionists and the good-ol-day guys. ","realization"
"black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you. ","neutral"
"Having a good list of alternatives would be something great we could produce","admiration"
"It depends... I understand if someone banns the champ in ranked.. but in normals i agree","approval"
"lol INTJs may be less smart sometimes (definitely not always) but they know how to actually use their intelligence","neutral"
"Ugh...terrible.","disgust"
"You gotta know [NAME] is willing to pull the trigger on you at any moment if it means he can fleece another gm.","neutral"
"I hope she's ok and that doesn't impact her life, career or hobbies","neutral"
"She hasn't even fully moved out yet and I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I know how awful it feels.","annoyance"
"What did you use to kill them all? Sorry I’m kinda a noob","confusion"
"This is scary and so very sad. Eleven??? A baby! I was still building forts. I weep for this child.","fear"
"I stopped reading @ “this one weird trick.”","approval"
"did they say [NAME] was hurt? Hes played like 4 minutes","neutral"
"4th generation representing!","excitement"
"Ay i saw that live. You have amazing movement! GG bro!","admiration"
"Exactly. My father is part of Homeland security and is furloughed. Homeland Security isn't completely shut down but they furloughed part of their work force.","anger"
"He does not want to hear the plans that will work though.","neutral"
"You are not the only one. I rage quitted UNO","annoyance"
"Yes! [NAME] was heavily involved in a murder. Why does everyone forget this? Now he’s all over tv and a darling.","excitement"
"[NAME] made boobi beautiful","admiration"
"It just keeps getting better","admiration"
"Well I got checked at the last Toulon game haha, so not the case.","amusement"
"The good [NAME]","admiration"
"Haha just loose all your libido because of dysphoria nerd","amusement"
"I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.","approval"
"I'd rather just make the playoffs and worry about winning a series once we are there. Also, I like our chances against anyone except Tampa.","optimism"
"That'll be a testical festival for sure. Have fun.","joy"
"I take it you'll be consistent in this stance and never go to the doctor, because there's nothing you can do to stop it. ","approval"
"Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!","gratitude"
"Colored for our pleasure too","neutral"
"Here we go. What’s wrong with them.","neutral"
"He’s been going to a restaurant for 40 years and forgot what it looked like and where it was.. uh huh.","excitement"
"I'm so happy for you and so, so, so proud of you. It's HARD to talk to your doctor about this stuff.","caring"
"He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind","approval"
"Oh okay. Thanks.","gratitude"
"Because they pay into the EU we can't threaten to cut their allowance...","disapproval"
"I hope your relationships are no longer abusive either physically or emotionally.","neutral"
"Build a wall? /jk","neutral"
"Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)","gratitude"
"I love chicken","love"
"Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.","approval"
"Before we continue, I would first like to ask you what you believe net neutrality to be so that I know we're both operating under similar definitions.","neutral"
"TY for the encouragement! ❤️","gratitude"
"Ugh. Gross","annoyance"
"When are people going to learn that it's OK to cheer lead dance in front of an old misogynist lol","amusement"
"I actually got banned from vanilla sites for stuff like this lol. I think the guys get offended and flag your profile lol","amusement"
"Recognizing that [NAME] had a weakness for her and exploiting it, is part of politics. ","neutral"
"I never had that problem","neutral"
"I believe I have just sent you an invite","neutral"
"I’ve lived in Florida. Hurricanes are *much* worse.","disgust"
"This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.","love"
"I'm sad can someone make me feel better Feel like shit rn just want [NAME] back","disappointment"
"Perfect! Thanks","gratitude"
"Crazy how you could interchange "husband" with "child" and it would work the same. Ugh. ","amusement"
"Not really, I like staying at home. When I go out for food I'm in and out of the store as quickly as possible. ","neutral"
"And you're a lame, sorry not sorry ","remorse"
"Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.","neutral"
"Right, send them all to Mississippi.","neutral"
"Yep, I've heard this alot, and when you ask for them to rationalize it, they can't. ","neutral"
"My mom is the one who posts these, and it isn't a surprise to me.","approval"
"I like The Office but this seems a bit weird.","disapproval"
"His videos are great.","admiration"
"I can see why! I would totally be offended too!","annoyance"
"You are disregarding that the Iran hostage crisis happened just years early. Iran was public enemy number 2, second only to the Soviets.","disapproval"
"Omg so short but such a bop! I’m so excited for her album","excitement"
"Replace that friend with a whole pile of desillusioned friends and you might as well @me","caring"
"No seriously, why do you have the Daily Mail app on your phone?","curiosity"
"Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.","nervousness"
"If that pleases you then great but it means nothing to me. I just use it and ill see it properly in game.","disapproval"
"What's a stream pack? Something river related I'm sure.","curiosity"
"Just "asking for a friend"...huh? 😂","surprise"
"I shout at my kid from the sidelines to stop fucking about with the draw-sting on his shorts...think I've got a shot?","anger"
"Really looking forward to Mayeather coming out of retirement for the 5000th time","excitement"
"Ok. I can support that. Do it on btc chain. Good luck. Honestly, without hiiden motives, good luck. ","approval"
"Thank you I love you","gratitude"
"Globalism is cancer, long live the sovereign nation!","neutral"
"Awesome! Thanks for your reply","gratitude"
"The same thing used to happen with Cowboy. We've been that team before.","neutral"
"Verify yourself already or we will continue to "spit negativity"","neutral"
"Mine is great at deflating them!!..wait wrong team..","approval"
"You just made me so happy.","admiration"
"It's time to cultivate some mass.","joy"
"What does the buzz feel like?","curiosity"
"Thank you 👏👏 looking like she's going to the gym, yet wearing heels? Looks awful","curiosity"
"I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.","embarrassment"
"You sound jealous that a seed hasn’t been planted in you","neutral"
"> it's entirely likely that he isn't actually aware of what the current thinking on brexit is in British Labour. Who is?","neutral"
"Absolute slime ball. There’s zero justification for it. Gorgeous [NAME] wouldn’t have got a picture with someone so hate filled.","neutral"
"We're well past the demoralization phase. You're 20 years too late. The left has morphed into something unrecognizable now :(","remorse"
"Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.","approval"
"Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.","approval"
"Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good ","admiration"
"Many are interested due to [NAME] still high potential ceiling. And improved defensive abilities","neutral"
"I think they are being sarcastic, notice the /s ","annoyance"
"$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable. ","disapproval"
"It's the number it came from","realization"
"sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘","sadness"
"I took him at the start of the season when he was recording some assists, stopped playing after a while :p","neutral"
"Stop having kids you can't afford. Make sure you check the kids credit to make sure there are no accounts opened in their name. Good luck!","annoyance"
"I definitely recommend trying to play more tanks to understand positioning and creating space more- helps you understand what the win conditons are IMO","realization"
"Yeah, surely this is *exactly* what democracy is? ","approval"
"I need to know this as well, so I hope no one minds if I leave a comment here.","optimism"
"WHAT you guys get this show on Netflix? We certainly do not get it in Canada what is this bullshit","curiosity"
"I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that. ","approval"
"Wow .. this is more terrifying than if they were a ghost ! Amazing twist","admiration"
"Ok thanks ❤❤","gratitude"
"Well let’s hope so.","optimism"
"yeah, but they think taking care is buying dinner and taking me on trips. I want money to spend on whatever I want.","neutral"
"Forgot to mention that it contains lanolin, don't know if thats a deal breaker. Regardless, alcohol free emollient + occlusive is the way to go","neutral"
"The best part of adult snow days is no make-up!","amusement"
"Or they will die!","neutral"
"I literally do not like this","disapproval"
"C'mon. Ship computer would *never* cheat on Geordi La Forge!","neutral"
"Me but with boobs. When will be able to trade body parts [NAME]","curiosity"
"I really like the colours but I'm wondering where that bit of shadow on the chin comes from.","admiration"
"I think you need to explore your motivations a bit more. I very much doubt you just want to know and "That's all."","disapproval"
"It means less when you hear words come out of her foul mouth. Almost incomprehensible.","neutral"
"Haha good point","admiration"
"I'm so glad [NAME] is better looking than how he's depicted in UFC EA 3","approval"
"Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.","disgust"
"Just a joke post on how someone will go through blah blah blah and come out on top.","joy"
"Speaking of the weddings, [NAME] straight up stole [NAME] and [NAME] wedding. Not exactly wholesome. ","neutral"
"Put an echo or Alexa under it lol","neutral"
"Is it possible you've been banned from them? I dont know how I feel about having the special privilege to view that sub lol.","amusement"
"I just found my new flair. Thanks [NAME].","gratitude"
"Didnt work for me, but thanks 🙆","disappointment"
"I AM CERTAIN THIS IMAGE HAS FULLY ACTIVATED MY EXCITEMENT.EXE. bad bot.","neutral"
"Exactly right! It would help if my fingers could type properly lol. Burr smh!","amusement"
"Comparing [NAME] to a tantruming toddler isn't new but comparing him to one's *own* toddler is bizarre.","surprise"
"A few coworkers think [NAME] will mount a challenge with fairly high effort on his part. No one thinks it will succeed as long as there's no massive events.","neutral"
"Ooo, I wouldn't go that far.","disapproval"
"Good job fatty!","admiration"
"I feel like I have to call bs on this one. I hope lol","amusement"
"Oh you mean the time when the world was controlled by individual land owners who created their own states","curiosity"
"I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.","approval"
"[NAME] consistently being the guy with most energy. We need him on the floor more.","admiration"
"I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it. ","desire"
"It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.","disappointment"
"Omg I just finished and I'm in awe...","surprise"
"[NAME] better apologize to [NAME] for her comments, given that now she knows how it feels to send someone home.","annoyance"
"Well let’s research it. Apocalypse started 2003. [NAME] was 8 then. [NAME] is 11 in S2, so around 2005-2006.","neutral"
"Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]","gratitude"
"Relove. No, it’s all fair pricing, the collection is enormous.","approval"
"I meant after he first suspected the incest and told [NAME]. He went to Dragonstone as he was afraid he would be killed.","neutral"
"Shut tf up. [NAME].","annoyance"
"Yeah, somebody needs to seek counseling immediately. ","realization"
"You know what they say, when everyone around you is and asshole, maybe it's you who is the asshole.","anger"
"Or he just tired of her and this cute chick just slid into the DM just in time","neutral"
"I hated that smug ass lawyer.","anger"
"So you reject your ideology's premise that you can just protect yourself.","neutral"
"Stay hydrated, move slowly and stay cool.","caring"
"I have no shame in saying I still have my blanket from when I was a child. And a favorite [NAME] plushie.","pride"
"How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.","anger"
"I agree. I could tell she was really upset.","approval"
"Thank you! I agree. We’ve decided to back off. No need in feeding into it. :-)","approval"
"That’s not very cash money of you","neutral"
"You can't argue that these are the same when clearly one of them has a monopoly over the market.","disapproval"
"Nah not today","disapproval"
"We do what we must","neutral"
"Article is good. Not sure how it relates to “carve outs” for law enforcement.","approval"
"With all those hours he spends humping his thesaurus, looking back on posts would be virtually impossible.","disapproval"
"Yes, oops ","neutral"
"I appreciate that you care about me. I've been thinking about you as well.","gratitude"
"Lol dream on buddy. You’ve had enough attention today. Actually learn what your talking about helps a lot. Sorry your stuck in free roam smokin crack","annoyance"
"To see how much he really cares, what he will do, it usually backfires on me though :(","disappointment"
"Haha that literally made me laugh out loud OMG I'm still dying. Take this upvote man. Well deserved","amusement"
"I'd look up some gameplay of Warriors games, and see if the hack and slash nature of them appeals to you.","neutral"
"all the time :(","neutral"
"I can live with the bad textures, I just want them to fix the glitch that lets you see through them.","disappointment"
"Oh no the poor man","sadness"
"Ha congrats!","neutral"
"Very well, shutting up now!","admiration"
"I don’t know why but I watch that and just imagine how red barbecue [NAME] would get [NAME] belt out some of those notes","confusion"
"Could fit the definition for thyroid disorder as well. Best to leave it to the professionals.","neutral"
"Agree with [NAME] and yang I only really liked [NAME] for a little bit she irritated me","approval"
"I got banned on an old account for no discernible reason months after I had last posted there.","disappointment"
"Maga hat is a symbol of hate and should be treated as such.","anger"
"Holy moly. She's terrible. You dodged a bullet honestly","approval"
"Misogynist! Anti-women! Bigot!","disapproval"
"Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha","annoyance"
"I can't believe people are saying [NAME] should have been saved, she knew like 10% of the words","disapproval"
"Okay this is really promising stuff. I'm definitely excited for this.","excitement"
"She knows her audience 🤷‍♀️","neutral"
"No lie I was just fucking watching the office but I paused it and am know listening to graduation and browsing this subreddit","disapproval"
"Yeah but good luck proving it in court","optimism"
"Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3","admiration"
"Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/","anger"
"Maybe [NAME] will ramp up her awfulness before the wedding and get disinvited","optimism"
"I appreciate you taking the time to at least justify your reasoning but I still very much disagree.","admiration"
"Thanks for the reply! I appreciate your input. Please keep me in the loop, I’d love to be more active with this if possible.","admiration"
"I like the Canucks. And I hate the leafs and rags sooo I’m on board.","approval"
"Of the 7’1 jacked guy. Yes","approval"
"Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.","neutral"
"What’s that extra B for?","neutral"
"I feel like they would look at one of the Spurs assistant coaches if they were to part ways with [NAME]. That or maybe [NAME]","neutral"
"What a legend.","admiration"
"Smh at least you know if you ever do anything with her to always get it in writing and notarized!!!","annoyance"
"Once they get a taste of catfood they’ll be back for the whole cat.","neutral"
"To piss people off probably","neutral"
"felt like that shot by palms was our first in a while","pride"
"This guy is wrong. Yes, most illegals do pay taxes and generally rely less on government help than native citizens.","neutral"
"Thanks. Nice input as always.","admiration"
"You are a shining ray of light in a dark chessless world. thank you my friend.","admiration"
"second temple stood for 420 years r/trees /r/Judiasm crossover confirmed!!!!!","approval"
"Drink up before it gets cold","caring"
"[NAME] injury, [NAME] coming back, leivo trade. Quite a few moving pieces","neutral"
"Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.","fear"
"Always gotta have a scapegoat so your chosen economic ideology doesn't look bad!","realization"
"I’m sorry. Can you please explain what are the 2 accounts of the order of creation are contradictory?","confusion"
"Usually i am getting games back to back so no standing time for me 😒","sadness"
"all I did was snitch on him","neutral"
"Baby rape. Can’t make a funny joke about it.","anger"
"[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...","realization"
"This made me smile so hard. I am happy for you. May we all find our own happy and worthy constellations 💕","joy"
"You're an odd fellow, [NAME], but you steam a good ham.","approval"
"What I’m getting from all but the second is that mothers have become less abusive to their children.","neutral"
"[NAME]. Haha r u [NAME]??","amusement"
"Watch Vegan Gains’ video on that, he had it when he was like 13, highly doubt he was juicing then","neutral"
"I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.","excitement"
"That's hot ... *Notices tags* "Fooled again ÒwÓ"","neutral"
"If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE","amusement"
"Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them","anger"
"My dad did this same trick when I was a kid","neutral"
"[NAME], you are a freak.","neutral"
"You're right... But look at that badass black leather jacket.","admiration"
"Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.","disappointment"
"great reference my friend","neutral"
"Damn we needed that layup","neutral"
"[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.","neutral"
"Cool...so he threw 5 jump balls all season. He also threw the ball out of bounds about 60 times.","neutral"
"Actually yes the left does need to earn my loyalty if they want me to keep voting for them","approval"
"visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!","caring"
"Tell your husband. Its lies by omissions. Who are you to pick and choose what HE wants to know.","anger"
"what's wrong with this guy's nose","curiosity"
"Fund this man. Even if it doesn’t pan out it’s worth finding out.","neutral"
"There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.","caring"
"Holy fuck [NAME]!","excitement"
"Stay at home if you’re sick","caring"
"Care to explain?","neutral"
"It’s funny u should go check it out","amusement"
"Cats are repulsive and they don't deserve to be pets","disgust"
"Ok good points but you didn't address the issues faced by [NAME]. So you agree with me that losing as [NAME] shouldn't result in lost elo?","neutral"
"Absolutely! The Republicans are craven","fear"
"There you go, the familiarity was nagging at me","neutral"
"He may be embarrassed about the condition of their house.","embarrassment"
"I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.","anger"
"Fuck your husband","neutral"
"You share your team-mates pain.","neutral"
"It's a great side business. Great margins no returns","gratitude"
"I see lotsa [NAME] I’m proud","admiration"
"Not really cringe. Just sad.","sadness"
"> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.","desire"
"I believe the GM of Seattle would be known as “His Royal bitch pigeoness”","annoyance"
"The mods deleted it I'm sorry","embarrassment"
"I carry on an empty. But I also carry a single action. So don't make my mistakes.","neutral"
"Leave wet puddles everywhere!","annoyance"
"Stop attacking me","sadness"
"My hands are tired from typing “and everyone clapped”. That kid’s name though? [NAME]!","neutral"
"Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :)","admiration"
"why not? standing to me isn’t as everything i need is on the floor lol","amusement"
"This makes me want to get nipple piercings but I’m too scared to :/","fear"
"Read divorce busting and kill all marriage counselors. As much as it sucks...youve been given a gift by him giving you time.","anger"
"Must be a tough life when all you can think about is sad stories to keep you from enjoying anything.","sadness"
">[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.","fear"
"I've finally found my people who know the struggle.","relief"
"I think we're passed the point where he'll ever have a full health season again","disappointment"
"If they actually have more evidence that he was deeper than originally suspected, then I have no sympathy.","neutral"
"I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally. ","excitement"
"As long as you don't kiss her whole face you will be fine. If you both want it, it shouldn't be awkward.","neutral"
"Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰","optimism"
"Oh hey, someone with a brain. Rare round here. ","realization"
"And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.","disappointment"
"People would still always parry them (600ms) :(","sadness"
"Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.","amusement"
"The two most talented receivers [NAME] had, [NAME] and [NAME], had their careers interrupted by injuries and nonsense.","annoyance"
"A run??????!!!!","curiosity"
"The cynic in me is pretty sure they don't really do any of that.","admiration"
"[NAME] has been listening to this sub.","neutral"
"That really generalized my political enemys.","approval"
"Where is the discusting from?","neutral"
"Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.","anger"
"Not having social media is such a blessing for me, it’s weird he messaged your mum though! I bet she loved hearing from him! ","embarrassment"
"Nothing special, just love a good knife fight. Bonus Revive.","excitement"
"Also these people: "millennials are so desensitised to violence that they have no problem shooting up schools" ","neutral"
"But i really need you to delete the comment","approval"
"She doesn’t deserve the hate. That mug, ladies and gentlemen, is phenomenal","admiration"
"*looks at title* IS THAT A JOJO REFERENCE?!?!?!?!?!?","neutral"
"Damn i guess people shouldn't steal. Or smoke","annoyance"
"You're not getting more benefit, you're getting the same insurance plan, it just costs more.","disappointment"
"Ah. Ok. I get it. Have an upvote.","approval"
"I think they might be! I'll let her know - thank you :)","gratitude"
"I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me","approval"
"I was imagining her just coming in to work wearing the full [NAME] look.","curiosity"
"More admired than [NAME] [NAME] is admired by starbucks baristas. Unemployed kids. And cat ladies","admiration"
"Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.","neutral"
"If you're going to troll us, at least put a little effort into it. ","annoyance"
"It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer ","disapproval"
"If only life was a garbage isekai anime. Too bad the genre is just pandering and blatant self-insert/wish fulfillment. Oh well.","optimism"
"This is profoundly unsettling to me for some reason. Thanks, I hate it ","anger"
"At least things are looking up with the next generation. That optimism sits in stark contrast to this news.","optimism"
"Funny enough, not all [NAME] are celebrities.","amusement"
"Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.","disappointment"
"Let’s be real here. He’s *every night and day*’s biggest loser.","admiration"
"So if the EU sent all its refugees over the open border into the UK that'd be just tickety boo?","approval"
"Love you, [NAME]","love"
"Just to set up for a bigger failure story in the coming days. I think the guys at epoch times are working extra hours this weekend.","neutral"
"[NAME] will be too bust keeping him alive to worry about the dead.","realization"
"I’d imagine so.","neutral"
"The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.","gratitude"
"And I’ll be there!!!","neutral"
"no its not lmao","neutral"
"You’re a liar. 😂","approval"
"> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.","neutral"
"Uhhhhh...it ain't cheaper than upstate especially the Syracuse, Rochester, and Buffalo area. It's much more expensive. ","disappointment"
"[NAME] pissed off the establishment when ripped off the insurance company and pleaded the fifth.","neutral"
"What are you talking about, there was an update this week. And even then 3 weeks is not enough for a huge update","annoyance"
"shitposts are hazardous to your health.","neutral"
"*scribbles in maybe*","confusion"
"people voted for a wall it's a democracy. you don't always get what you want","neutral"
"Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit","disappointment"
"Just because they think it’s attractive doesn’t mean it’s sexist","annoyance"
"You forgot warden's spamming shoulder bash","neutral"
"She had it saved on her phone because she was too lazy to delete it. Thank goodness.","admiration"
"now you're getting it","neutral"
"Did you seriously miss the like 50 comments above that girls can’t play games?","neutral"
"We are on the same boat mate. Im pretty sure many people did.","approval"
"Imagine being so good that you get demoted to AAA because it's unfair for the rest of the players in MLB","neutral"
"Yes, when I need to get my jush, it’s freaking epic.","annoyance"
"Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !","admiration"
"That's not an explanation of why it would be undemocratic.","confusion"
"I’m sure [NAME] was thinking this when he told his daughter that she stunk like a toilet on his deathbed.","approval"
"Man I want AD but I love OG ::(( guess we gotta sacrifice eh...","excitement"
"Whoa I didn’t even think he was a husky from the first picture.","neutral"
"My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.","neutral"
"I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.","embarrassment"
"I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job","excitement"
"Edward Lear, lovely chap.","admiration"
"Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny","anger"
"What? Fur definitely shows up on beige. She stayed for 35 minutes and held one dog who was wearing a coat.","neutral"
"I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?","disapproval"
"it’s just a nice gesture. don’t make it so deep lol","admiration"
"Her elitism is what earned her the place here. She's clearly a lefty statist.","admiration"
"I don't know why anyone would willingly live in an HOA.","confusion"
"Apologies, sir","embarrassment"
"Surely anyone can submit an application for a writ of habeas corpus?","approval"
"Weirdly I never heard of this show till I saw it on the RTE player this morning, and now this post... Maybe its a sign? ","confusion"
"ok i noticed the eyelashes but the rest is really unnoticable","neutral"
"You must not sent a lot of time on the internet it Reddit is the worst racist site. 4chan, Breitbart, storwatch, the KKK official website...","neutral"
"[NAME] will never do anything to help you. You must stand up for yourself.","neutral"
"I mean do what you want but I've always thought that's a good way of getting pink eye.","approval"
"Why not? Just go for it. It'll make a great story to tell at your 50th wedding anniversary party.","optimism"
"actually pretty hot tho","approval"
"One dumbass who hasn’t watched Hereditary complaining about meaningless awards on the Internet means... eh. I lost my point. Go watch Hereditary","anger"
"Shot info -> Canon 5D Mark iii & Sigma 150-600mm C f/9 ▫️ 1/60 sec ▫️ ISO 400 **instagram**","neutral"
"nope, this is just older people not understanding how teens actually communicate","confusion"
"is there a satire flair for this sub? because this one needs it","confusion"
"Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing","disappointment"
"HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!","anger"
"It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible","caring"
"Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!","surprise"
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the "I drive better while high"","disappointment"
"May he Rest In Peace.","grief"
"And sing the beat !","joy"
"WE'RE ON OUR WAY WE'RE ON OUR WAY TO BAKU, WE'RE ON OUR WAY!","anger"
"Man I’ve been watching too much Goblin Slayer lately and forgot what sub I was on","realization"
"#WHERE ARE THE TURTLES","curiosity"
"That's interesting","excitement"
"No haha but this is our first day on Reddit!","excitement"
"In addition to poor judgement, she is incapable of admitting she is wrong and apologizing. ","annoyance"
"I can't help but agree with the headline at the bottom, bright side (the YouTube channel) is annoying.","annoyance"
"I know, that's why it's a little unfortunate they don't have a test. ","neutral"
"I love this show","love"
"Part of me want to see the rest but the other part of me realises he's probably cold","realization"
"Sometimes for a laugh, I will come to r/Canada to read comments of the ignorant.","amusement"
"For the people and finding out how they end up? Sure. Other than that, it’s not great. Frustrating at best. ","anger"
"[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now","anger"
"I agree, it was approaching my bedtime but will do so today, thank you.","gratitude"
"Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing","embarrassment"
"Yes, I am 100% superior to [NAME]. If you're not, I'm sorry ","approval"
"She’s all natural","neutral"
"Yeah, but you should drive to the road conditions not the speed limit.","approval"
"I love this!! And it’s so true","approval"
"Father [NAME] does a good or a bad job of it is that most of this country with Nazism.","confusion"
"Prime management technique.","neutral"
"Yikes, what a loony bird.","surprise"
"They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.","anger"
"Enjoy being stopped at the border","neutral"
"we love critical impactful discourse","neutral"
"Being pregnant and having two kids only made me more pro-abortion. Women should never be forced into pregnancy.","realization"
"Wtf did I just read? That was painful","annoyance"
"lol 79k upvotes and 40 comments.","neutral"
"Does you guys remember brutal left hand by the hitman hearns against [NAME]","curiosity"
"Every INTJ Girl I dated said they aren't interested in me because we are too much the same","disapproval"
"Because paychecks are more important than lives...","amusement"
"Don’t make fun of the cancer kid","disapproval"
"Lol always a creepy mike","amusement"
"So no resignation or impeachment. Bummer. Naive me had high hopes the great [NAME] wouldn't escape the noose this time.","disappointment"
"Thanks I will check that out.","gratitude"
"[NAME] have been doing this a while and it rarely works.","approval"
"I knew this was stupid when the shittastic music came on.","anger"
"That's DLo baby","approval"
"Contractions is equivalent....body can only deal with...us women with labor.....I don’t like the way this person speaks.","neutral"
"You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.","admiration"
"Because the first part of the day was pretty lame, amirite?","curiosity"
"It seems kind of bizarre that Canada is expected to respect or accommodate the hereditary chiefs, if the elected band leaders choose not to. ","annoyance"
"This, like it varies and fluctuates","neutral"
"It certainly gets its point across.","neutral"
"I guess I'm just too nice to people and I gotta learn to start sayin no.","realization"
"Personally I like to thin their are lizard people. It would explain their cold hearts.","neutral"
"I like your baby😍","love"
"i can imagine going to a job interview and the one of the committee just immidiately shouting *Audentes Fortuna Iuvat!*","neutral"
"Did he use his full title when he introduced himself. Cause that would be sweet","neutral"
"Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)","disappointment"
"Tonight's attempt at installing gib on ceiling ended with me in tears, damaged gib and still 2/3 of the ceiling left to go. FML.","disappointment"
"And maybe one day you'll be able to afford one, but until then continue being an edgy teenager whining about the war on drugs. ","anger"
"Made by [NAME] who also was involved with Sacred Games so I think you'll enjoy it.","joy"
"Holy shit that SSP was beautiful","admiration"
"I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam","remorse"
"Absolutely not! If religions didn’t exist on this planet, we would be a far more advanced society.","disapproval"
"Thank you for such kind words.","gratitude"
"I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.","neutral"
"Seinfeld is one of the only pieces of culture that I feel like I could be competitive in a trivia league about.","neutral"
"Are you thinking of Austin, home of Hormel and Spam?","curiosity"
"Thank you! That's the explanation I was looking for.","gratitude"
"NOP has showed interest in [NAME] this year, [NAME] is a young C who could thrive in a different system with better players.","neutral"
"Seems very very aggressive. I would love for you to be right.","approval"
"Currently cuddling the pillow because my husband got up...","neutral"
"I bloody hate L3-37's name. it's literally L337. How much stupider can a droid name get.","anger"
"Funny how the whole rape thing just vanished once he was appointed.","annoyance"
"This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.","anger"
"I'd rather be bitter and angry than miserable.","nervousness"
"i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk","disappointment"
"get blood orgies out of our ideology thanks","gratitude"
"I love the way they make my skin feels after I use them. I also use the primer for my makeup.","love"
"DeepRekt Chain! Oh man, the rekt on that chart is something to behold.","neutral"
"To get that much cap room those are the moves we make. So it kind of is","neutral"
"I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.","embarrassment"
"thanks, I agree","approval"
"Misogynist! Anti-women! Bigot!","neutral"
"I dislike [NAME] more and more. Big ego and small feet.","anger"
"This is what you get for starring in a mediocre movie","realization"
"Man.. I really loved that team.","admiration"
"Local Area Man Finally Finds Area Woman Willing To Let Him Sniff Her Hair","neutral"
"[NAME] $120 million grift allegations in bombshell Forbes report - Business Insider","neutral"
"Thanks dude. Wish you the best with OP, personally I'm done.","gratitude"
"Very interesting study.","curiosity"
"[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰","fear"
"It probably won’t affect it at all other than you might have more energy.","neutral"
"He only gets time to post on reddit cos dudes have refractory periods. /s","neutral"
"Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first. ","neutral"
"I am a dishonest and disrespectul","disapproval"
"If you don't like it, you didn't have to comment. Just let people be happy.","approval"
"I do not understand why everything in this script must inevitably explode.","neutral"
"This sub has over 350k subscribers. How are there this many of us who enjoy this torture.","curiosity"
"I see lotsa [NAME] I’m proud","joy"
"I would love that. [NAME] and [NAME] were easily my favourite supporting characters of season 2","excitement"
"If you don't enjoy watching sonicfox compete can you really be a fan of the competitive scene?","neutral"
"Nier 1 is 20-30 hours per playthrough. Nier Automata is about 10 hours per route.","neutral"
"This is worse, Balo looks like a horse","annoyance"
"Pro-tip: the Press misleads you about what is wrong in the world.","neutral"
"IMO, the lack of visual clarity makes Siphon way more powerful than it should be.","optimism"
"Yep. Still don't know what you're talking about. Come back when you actually read the pdf and become informed.","confusion"
"She went from normal mom to ~~[NAME] amazed by balloons~~ [NAME] really fast.","excitement"
"One day please show this post to him it is so beautiful and kind.","admiration"
"Just curious: What do you normally do with your weekends?","curiosity"
"4! The sweetest year.","neutral"
"Shut up about the sun! SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!!!","annoyance"
"No that's plenty, you've already proved the original comments point even further.","approval"
"i think your comment would be more relevant if it was a common opinion that big boobs were unattractive...but it really isn't","neutral"
"I dunno, I'm picturing completely beige and generic baby shower. Beige streamers and balloons, a banner that says "there will be a birth"...","disapproval"
"It’s a fucking rockstar videogame, not an old west farm and hunting simulator you pleb.","annoyance"
"This is why you dont brag online and post personal gun pics. It can be used against you in a court of law.","annoyance"
"He looks like something the [NAME] brothers would create.","neutral"
"And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!","admiration"
"And yet nobody bat an eyelid when it was [NAME] who was palling around with [NAME]. I wonder why.","admiration"
"The real tips are always in the comments :D","realization"
"How is the surf simulator open if the pool area opens in march?","confusion"
"And ignoring how "magic" works in the same way you support your arguments.","neutral"
"I’m not curious why you think it’s relevant to have this information be held more favorably than all the real world analysis.","neutral"
"This is your moment!","approval"
"Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*","admiration"
"Lol what are the odds, I’m also 6ft 1in around the 160s but I’m only 16 years old though","amusement"
"Yeah Stupid Sexy groening","annoyance"
"[NAME] already setting records for most nicknames in the league. There is no way to stop this kid...","admiration"
"You explain to him that passing efficiency stats are garbage and are a terrible way to judge a QB's performance.","approval"
"> shoddy hitboxes, imprecise movement Compared to what 3D game exactly? Have you not played Dark Souls?","confusion"
"I'll dance with you.","approval"
"This is the worst advice I've ever read. You should be ashamed for posting it.","disgust"
"my favourite singer ([NAME]) helped write one of the songs so i love it","admiration"
"Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action","sadness"
"You can buy bitesize toad in the holes in Tesco. They are amazing. These look like they use hotdogs but I imagine would be almost as good.","admiration"
"I can't stop staring at "[NAME]". ","approval"
"I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...","disappointment"
"But it's such a lovely place!!! I might need help...","admiration"
"Dozens. My favorite scene is the tribe bringing dude back from the dead. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA.","love"
"Also op I have my associates on top of my bachelors? Whatchu mean","curiosity"
"Dozens. My favorite scene is the tribe bringing dude back from the dead. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA.","love"
"*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.","anger"
"[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].","approval"
"Yeah. Online schools, who knows what they're like?","confusion"
"They all say that. Mine said all the same things too and then just days / a week later met and started dating someone.","disappointment"
"Out of curiosity, why are you specifically interested in talking to aspies? ","curiosity"
"Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses ","admiration"
"I was quoting him. He wanted an "outsider rich business type", piss off","anger"
"Does it say how many servings are in the bucket? I'm really hungry.","confusion"
"One of these things is not like the other","neutral"
"It is the recent patch most likely! This never happened previously.","confusion"
"Also r/justnomil holy doodles man they are nutso.","neutral"
"There are plans to widen Parmer during the next few years.","neutral"
"I like to answer "CALLER 7, YOU ARE LIVE ON THE AIR!"","approval"
"Thank you for your input.","gratitude"
"How many times did you end up shouting "Bingo!"","annoyance"
"It would seem difficult to say you're living in one city when you're only applying there to expand your reach.","neutral"
"Right outside of 723, formerly quad studios. 2pac was shot in the elevator of that studio. ","realization"
"This is **NUTS**!!! I still use both of these on my boyfriend, who thankfully watched this season with me and also hated [NAME]. ","gratitude"
"omg he could soft feint headbutt into GB thank god i wasnt around when that was possible","disapproval"
"eggs last forever","approval"
"Great shot, from experience very difficult. ","admiration"
"I’m fine with leaving him alone, if he just goes ahead and leaves us all alone first.","neutral"
"It also would have to take less than like 2 hours for me to get to my destination, time is worth more to me than real money ya know","admiration"
"Well I'm not to sure what country your from but my school has started integrating more modern views and it isn't all black and white anymore","confusion"
"It was santa he had a REALLY big sack this year. :)","approval"
"It was a very clear shot of his face and it would have been weird to post.","disapproval"
"[NAME] isn't exactly a lyrical genius set's be real: that dumbass just couldn't come up with a different rhyme.","neutral"
"Just being friendly and sociable for the family get together!","joy"
"[NAME] fuckin sucks","neutral"
"I was just busting chops. Glad to hear your health is better. I think you've inspired a post on r/intj my friend. Stay tuned.","caring"
"[NAME] rolls out of the rack, combs his hair and Dood is ready for National Television.","neutral"
"You are the type of fellow that puts mommy in the cheap home and cashes her cheques, loyalty of a snake.","anger"
"Let your work speak for itself IMO.","neutral"
"Why do I have a feeling tommorow there’s going to be a post. [NAME] broke up with me cause he thinks we’re related HELP!","neutral"
"[NAME] was an awesome Chief. Wish we would've seen more of him being a badass.","admiration"
"Yeah personally I would’ve brought [NAME] back lol [NAME] always had trouble staying healthy","remorse"
"You both are 80s kids","neutral"
"I used to sell appliance parts. Yes, I need your model number. No, the part you are looking for isn't "standard."","desire"
"The sin was refusing to impregnate his brother's widow when [NAME] directly told him to. It's not just about wasting semen.","disapproval"
"I don’t think people know how to use quotation marks","annoyance"
"I don’t really have much to say. There’s a bad idea, and there’s straight up disgusting.","disgust"
"Stop, this is a safe space.","neutral"
"[NAME] (swt) does not need your worship. If you do good deeds and humble yourself and seek forgiveness He might guide you again.","optimism"
"Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it","disappointment"
"Call your attorney general. 615-741-3491","neutral"
"CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.","disapproval"
"No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.","disapproval"
"Forgot about that. In browsing it looks like he is eyeballing other OC jobs.","neutral"
"Wat u been ordering u naughty boy😂","amusement"
"It’s way too broken, anyone and their dog can use it.","disappointment"
"Seriously! Such an odd way to ask a question about traveling.","surprise"
"The 10 game rule for expansion also includes AHL games, so regardless of his stint up here he was going to be made available in the Seattle draft","neutral"
"I'm also an intj!! So uh, you can do it too ;)","admiration"
"He’s your rebound guy. Have fun. But expect little. And certainly don’t expect it to last.","neutral"
"I can't upvote this enough. Thank you for practicing what is preached!","gratitude"
"By all means explain to me, after reading all of that above, how I don't know. Go on... I'll wait","neutral"
"It released like a couple weeks ago??? I don't think all that much would've changed in 2 weeks...","neutral"
"I don't think fantasy draft has been a thing for a few years in career mode.","disapproval"
"I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.","disappointment"
"So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.","admiration"
"There's no way I'm sitting through all of this. Good [NAME].","gratitude"
"No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.","gratitude"
"That'll do, pig.","neutral"
"I like it. Ending made me cry happy tears. I don't cry often","neutral"
"I realised hatred does only more of self damage. Over time even the hatred fades.","realization"
"Cant wait to draft my man early to mid second round next year. If I'm drafting late first I might really go wr/wr","neutral"
"Ok cool, thanks","gratitude"
"Yeah I know a lot of people fail to realize it or at least right away","neutral"
"Wow! Congratulations on taking your sex life back! Nice to wake up and see such positivity.","approval"
"*Keep your arms and legs inside the ride at all times.*","neutral"
"Reading that made my stomach feel how it does when I get the wind knocked out of me.","annoyance"
"Test levels have been dropping significantly It’s well documented Why do you think that’s stupid","annoyance"
"I wish I could upvote this a thousand times","desire"
"Nice watches, Id love to get one if they were a bit closer to my price range","admiration"
"Maybe I’m an outlier, but I don’t find that contract to be outrageous for what the player is worth.","approval"
"My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.","relief"
"It’s 8 rounds on all different topics organized by check it","neutral"
"How poignant.","confusion"
"Ok, I will take this with a pinch of salt, but take it into consideration nonetheless. Thanks.","approval"
"Ahh going to bother me I remember it. Let me do some research!!","annoyance"
"They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail","anger"
"Bugger them all","neutral"
"the original concern was about one particular type of vaccine, not all vaccinations.","disapproval"
"Yes - summer, and I was with my parents who did all the actual work so I just got to relax with the baby! ","approval"
"Boy where is you. We use to race on the parkway in highschool lmao.","neutral"
"I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.","excitement"
"I friggin choked scrolling up to this","sadness"
"Didn't he write a dissertation about the pros and cons of finishing college instead of going into MLB?","neutral"
"Because [NAME] was definitely pregnant with both a boy and a girl when he got on. Yup.","neutral"
"No, every movie shouldn't be like that. But a good protagonist is a good protagonist! ","admiration"
"Kinda looks like a boxing coach","neutral"
"Nah see that's the kind of pessimism that makes you more depressed. Even if they're not genuine you can still take it to heart.","disapproval"
"I wouldn't be surprised. Where I live leavers quite often tend to refer to leaving the EU as "leaving brexit" ","neutral"
"That last sentence pains me","sadness"
"It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂","amusement"
"Ugh. I just hate seeing this name :(","annoyance"
"It is not so much the organs but rather the fluids within the organs that reek when burned. N8","neutral"
"I really hope for it to fail miserably, so we can all agree on the sequel trilogy never happened.","annoyance"
"That would be against my own morals to do that. But there’s an island off the coast of India that would be delighted to do that😂","admiration"
"That is a face i do not want to wake up to in the morning","annoyance"
"Averaging 12-14 off the bench isn’t nothing","disapproval"
"Yes. Those are all the words from the gif. Good job guys.","admiration"
"It was once was mine too. Im starting to use it again. :) It is so fucking beautiful,","admiration"
"Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.","disappointment"
"So uh...what happened to men between 1990 and 1995? Why the huge spike?","curiosity"
"Saw the police and they use an invisible boatcar to get this one is my first heartbreak.","sadness"
"Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.","disappointment"
"Lmao I remember watching that game😭","joy"
"Even silk is something that will chafe the fuck out of your sensitive parts.","neutral"
"Opposite reaction to the right trying to demonize her. The obsession with her from the right is insane.","annoyance"
"I get you...","optimism"
"Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.","curiosity"
"You and [NAME] guy should be friends","neutral"
"Yes, definitely classy. <rolls eyes>","approval"
"It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.","love"
"Lol I was just about to protest "you can't know that!" until I realized.....","amusement"
"Demonize - to portray as wicked and threatening. It's not hard to demonize someone when they regularly demonize themselves.","neutral"
"This shirt is directly aimed at some very ugly individuals","disgust"
"shaved definitely makes things more swampy for me. I need the hair to soak up the swamp","neutral"
"Ah yes, [NAME] forbids us from judging those of the higher castes. It is known. ","neutral"
"fuck these dysfunctional, insecure mattresses","disapproval"
"What a sweet, sweet bird! Also, that is one tiny pup!","admiration"
"Only >!best boys!< get in this sandwich","neutral"
"I thought you were just going to wait her out. You actually engineered her loss of space to someone else. WELL DONE!!!!","admiration"
"In this case, I don't see a problem. OP's post can stay.","realization"
"He’s got no options. Not your problem. Have another wine! 😂","disapproval"
"Ate too much “hot chips”","amusement"
"I think it means it’ll be revenue neutral until then not that it won’t open until then.","approval"
"Take a seat young ragewalker.","excitement"
"Wait is this the original template where all the satire comes from?","amusement"
"I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.","approval"
"Makes me want to eat ass","neutral"
"If she was in that mode, why would this guy even be in consideration for a Super Bowl date? ","curiosity"
"The article mentions that the apps are only for Chinese customers. Is that not the case?","annoyance"
"You mean the festival up in the domain?","curiosity"
"So it's more of a power play than truly what she wants?","confusion"
"That’s bull crap call.","annoyance"
"I mean nowadays the first grader would be expelled as a sex offender and put on a registry anyway","neutral"
"Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.","amusement"
"This just gave me strength :)","neutral"
""Look, let's just be civil about this. At least no one was hurt. I think"","neutral"
"Gotten death threats and people compare me to flat earthers.","sadness"
"Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad","annoyance"
"Yes... you little crybabies call them fascist too? People who kill fascists are fascists right?","curiosity"
"That chick at the end. She just gets sucked onto the floor by pure sexual magnetism. 😂","approval"
"Could you make a ten hour version? I’m tired of having to replay this so often","curiosity"
"Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander","disappointment"
"Nah, I it was cool to be a pedo back in the old days, ask [NAME] ","neutral"
"Idk if I want [NAME] back but I agree with [NAME] ONLY if he keeps playing at this level by the end of he season.","confusion"
"Happy Cake day.","caring"
"Sorry for bringing up so many problems without any solutions, and sorry for just being whiny overall. Thanks for the time you've spent talking with me","gratitude"
"Even assuming that it's possible to take nothing, god DAMN I feel bad for anyone that has to look at the second dude's head during sex","nervousness"
"We can’t have that","disapproval"
"Just take them and get them vaccinated without his knowledge. Only one parent is needed. Dont even tell him after it's done.","caring"
"Making a woman feel uncomfortable is harassment and trying to flirt without a sign of interest just makes women uncomfortable","anger"
"I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.","approval"
"No because they’re your property on your property.","neutral"
"Yes, it does.","neutral"
"Don't torture yourself like that.","sadness"
"Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.","neutral"
"Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.","anger"
"Oui baguette senor","neutral"
"It can be uncomfortable to be honest but after a while you both find your sleeping positions.","annoyance"
"There isn't. It's a brigaded thread. Good opportunity to tag accounts, though.","relief"
"She started off with 'can't give it up that easily' Op is stuck with her until one of them have expired!!","neutral"
"I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].","surprise"
"I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans","love"
"that's an adventure!","excitement"
"Ah I didn't realize I was able to do that. I'm still new to Reddit so I am still learning haha thanks!","disappointment"
"I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.","approval"
"If he hits you and constantly degrades you, it's abuse","disgust"
"Well done OP for acting on your words. I hope you have a great day together!","admiration"
" You're welcome, I think.","gratitude"
"You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.","admiration"
"Yup this game just gets worse and worse","annoyance"
"That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.","optimism"
"What if she’s also the franchise owner who likes to get to know her customers better?","curiosity"
"Who do you have in mind?","neutral"
"In all 18 years of my life this is only the second time I’ve seen these. I could’ve sworn they where discontinued","neutral"
"I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders","love"
"Thank you for your help my friend","gratitude"
"Launching a jab is a hard commitment though, right? Because I doubt you can react fast enough to seeing them jab and launch them.","confusion"
"Thats the second quickest way I know of to burn through $1,000...The first being: R/WallStreetBets 🤣","approval"
"I’ll take one [NAME] please","love"
"Accounting. I love the work, hate the people and the environment.","disgust"
"I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.","love"
"not just "got hurt" but nearly stabbed his eye out!!!","neutral"
"Doing a happy dance! Yay!","joy"
"And he'll still be unimaginably rich after the fact, so this has gone so far into edge-case territory where the unfairness doesn't really matter","neutral"
"You’re welcome!","gratitude"
"Maybe that's what the jerseys looked like 7 years ago when that photo of [NAME] was taken.","surprise"
"She had her chance. 🤷","neutral"
"[NAME] dead and it was the Government that killed him.","approval"
"I'm pretty jelly now, lol. Esp. The pear shape 😧","approval"
"r/braincels is that way bud","neutral"
"Looking through the lives of various figures of the New Atheist movement in the social and political change they sought to create and how it stacked up with reality.","approval"
"I had this insight too What is it called? Theres probably someone who already had this idea 800 years ago and wrote 7 books about it.","curiosity"
"Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.","remorse"
"same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM","approval"
"Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...","anger"
"[NAME] may lie but he doesn’t when it comes to important things apparently. Jobs, security and anti war","fear"
"I finally know where [NAME] is: drunk at a train station.","annoyance"
"OP is going places!","neutral"
"Thanks, I had missed that. Just read this article today.","disappointment"
"*scoff* maybe you can’t. /s","annoyance"
"No chance unless he smokes out of a gas mask or suffers a bad injury.","neutral"
"Pretty torn about this post. Glad you made a friend but it sounds like you’re encouraging her habits and it’s not cool.","relief"
"You always listen to Pizza! ... especially pizza with pineapple on it!","neutral"
"This is terrifying","fear"
"You are the only person you can depend on","neutral"
"Talking about cats my lil Friend just jumped on the couch *pat pat from the nice people of reddit*","neutral"
"> edit: Sidenote they blatantly and obviously brigaded two other threads on this Of course they did.","neutral"
"welcome to the Idiocracy.","gratitude"
"I didn’t read your article but I suppose","confusion"
"I take that part on faith. There’s no “proof”, but it’s also an entirely unfalsifiable claim.","optimism"
"For real! So happy they just put season 2 on hulu","excitement"
"Fun fact, His pants are on backwards in this pic","neutral"
"She is probably cheating on you. :(","disapproval"
"Thank you for answering me, I did ask him Straight forward but he just told me is busy ","gratitude"
"This is something kids do on their twitch streams to get subs, pretty sad.","sadness"
"She is too","approval"
"I feel these people think, what you think you can just feel good? They always feel bad so should you.","curiosity"
"Based on what I've seen, all the INFJ girls seem to be blue-haired damaged moonquacks that got abandoned by daddy.","neutral"
"Shotgun! But do I get to play with all the buttons too?","neutral"
"I have heard nothing about him this window. If anything it would be summer.","optimism"
"Interesting I wasn't aware of this. Maybe proving the undue hardship is difficult but technically allowed? I wonder what counts.","excitement"
"I dont want to live in this world no more","disapproval"
"If [NAME] goes back to the Nationals their lineup and rotation are going to be nasty! I'm still hoping he lands outside of the division.","optimism"
"[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo","approval"
"New flavour! I love it!","gratitude"
"Not rare, considering how large the metro area is now. For an individual being impacted by one it is very rare though.","curiosity"
"That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.","neutral"
"Can't wait till the home game in March... And a portland okc playoff series would be "lit af" ","neutral"
"Your spine is so shiny! Good for you!","admiration"
"**IITT'SSSS HIGHHHHH NOOOOOOOONNN**","neutral"
"Bhahahahahahahahah. Right. Your attitude seems pissy.","amusement"
"just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them","remorse"
"That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.","desire"
"Sweaty little incel virgin","neutral"
"Nice! Boahs for everyone!","admiration"
"Right now I’d have to say [NAME] new restaurant UB Preserve is my favorite place to eat. So good.","gratitude"
"Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.","amusement"
"You can't choose whether you like pork better than chicken but you can choose whether you have pork or chicken for supper.","neutral"
"Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.","optimism"
">"ad" nauseum I see what you did there.","surprise"
"Congratulations! One day you’ll look back on this and laugh. It’s the best thing you’ve ever done.","admiration"
"True. But that is one out of many.","approval"
"Hopefully he gets traded","pride"
"omg so quirky","neutral"
"Same reason the KKK, a radical [RELIGION] group, burns crosses.","neutral"
"Best just to ride right in the center of the road, so they're sure to be seen by causing a major traffic obstacle.","joy"
"She is :(","neutral"
"I took a marijuana doobie this evening around 5:00 p.m. after my dinner at Country Kitchen Buffett and I am now tripping.","amusement"
"This whole comment is just reeeing about reeeing. Reeeception","neutral"
"They are elected to represent Scotland","neutral"
"They are high pressure hoses, think about getting waterboarded.","surprise"
"Sounds like you are dealing with some difficult mental health issues. Parents generally love their children. maybe try to talk to them??","caring"
"Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.","admiration"
"Wait a minute","neutral"
"Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi","disappointment"
"100% scam","approval"
"Not bad at all.","approval"
"Waddle like your life depends on it because it might. Ice is dangerous.","neutral"
"Could Unity not sue the author for giving instructions on how to illegally obtain their product?","curiosity"
"That’s a joke between our buddies. A euphemism of sorts...","amusement"
"Thanks. I appreciate that. At least I know I’m not the only one.","admiration"
"Made by [NAME] who also was involved with Sacred Games so I think you'll enjoy it.","joy"
"More comments than upvotes lol "Most Democratic" How do you even measure that? ","curiosity"
"What a cataclysm","sadness"
"Mozzarella sticks!","neutral"
"If only I could bake a cake...or do anything productive when I'm feeling low confidence. I just lay in my bed and stop moving.","optimism"
"Not his fault [NAME] got butterfingers.","caring"
"#SILKY!!!!!!!!!!!","neutral"
"Nope, from Nebraska why? Lmao","curiosity"
"Who are you again?","confusion"
"Oh no he didn't!","disapproval"
"And just the “stop looking at me” was so old school. It was nice!","approval"
"Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....","neutral"
"Love you, [NAME]","love"
"The miracle of life!","surprise"
"Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees. ","disappointment"
">[NAME] and [NAME] As alternate costumes of each other, right? Not as separate characters?","neutral"
"And that is exactly why I never got that shit done, even though it interests me greatly. ","approval"
"Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins ","anger"
"[NAME]. Im sorry","remorse"
"Yeah pretty much. People do change, but never ever do they change because someone else demands it from them.","approval"
"He closed the stream with a song of hers, while hugging his skele-buddy. It was a good song.","admiration"
"Look at you, emotional.","neutral"
"i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.","love"
"Should've left it at this.","neutral"
"He does not want to hear the plans that will work though.","neutral"
"Imagine if [NAME] wins the power and uses it at the noms, not realizing [NAME] wasn't even planning on nominating her lol","amusement"
"this definitely fits in r/BoneAppleTea.","neutral"
"You gotta block the name out, sweets.","disappointment"
"So true. The chicks I pick up from clubbing are nothing compared to the love of a good woman.","love"
"Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]","neutral"
"Same thing happened to me but for my dog, stocking up on noodles tomorrow to get through the next month. ","confusion"
"Fuck you bro","anger"
" anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.","disapproval"
"He did tell me we would play catch when he returned so I am excited about that","excitement"
"He raped her. What is wrong with you? Go back to Incels.","curiosity"
"*ads even more trashier","disgust"
"Missed that, wishful thinking, I was hoping they would team up for a little","desire"
"Now I guess the question is, were they dipping their brush in their own paint pot, or were they sharing with a friend ?","curiosity"
"Are you in Twitter with a similar s/n? I feel like I remember this name when I’ve been posting about teen mom 😂","curiosity"
"So that's what happened to [NAME].","neutral"
"The only thing that changed is we are now healthcare-less","neutral"
"I sure don't","approval"
"Thog don’t care about [NAME]","neutral"
"I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.","love"
"I’m very sorry for the loss of your friend.","grief"
"I hate that. PC is way better for using the internet. I also hate how all the important features for the website missing on phone version.","annoyance"
"It was an edit friend - they are the same kid. No children were hurt in the making of this gif.","confusion"
"Fight milk 🥛 lol","amusement"
"No cocaine? London will collapse.","neutral"
"Japan edging out Canada? WTF? There's some bullshit going on there, man. And what rocketed Switzerland from obscurity to the top of the mountain in 2017?","annoyance"
"Of course it does. Wealth is relative, wealth means more purchasing power for you and less for the rest.","neutral"
"[NAME] I hate this man","anger"
"This will end well.","optimism"
"[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually","admiration"
"Feb ‘06 [NAME] But your point stands","approval"
"I love this guy. He does amazing impersonations. Thanks for sharing.","admiration"
"It’s a shame really... ruining a perfectly good shirt like that","anger"
"i mean, at least we don't have to worry about being embarrassed that we have a small penis, I guess? ","embarrassment"
"i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.","joy"
"Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.","disappointment"
"Ur actually stupid lol.","amusement"
"If you were gonna chloroform the person why not just get a hold of a fresh dead body instead? Move just as much.","curiosity"
"I don’t *think* she’s awful, I know she’s awful. She has literally no redeeming qualities. ","approval"
"Don't include me in this us! Just kidding.. We need some love and fast.","joy"
"Skinny Security Bro brings the bantz!","neutral"
"Just gotta injure 3 more","neutral"
"Question for [NAME] the incentive to work hard?","curiosity"
"I see you utilized it. 3.5? Sad.","sadness"
"Oh believe me, we’d love that too","joy"
"I'm either an optimistic nihilist or a pessimistic existentialist. Only further readings will tell!","annoyance"
"Thank you for your post. I will always treat him the same","gratitude"
"When are you and dad going to pop out a few baby-mammas for us boys, huh? And that's the *less* disgusting alternative. Blech!","disgust"
"Hoarders unite! 2388 stars here, 19 rewards, 20 by tomorrow. Highest reward was 23. No Visa card. Too tired of playing credit card roulette.","admiration"
"Good lord I can only hope so. Time will have to tell.","gratitude"
"We have the problem and just started a group for couples without kids to make friends on Facebook this past weekend.","approval"
"Man that movie is such a classic","approval"
"I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft","neutral"
"[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?","optimism"
"Yes! Wonder how tall the girls will end up 😂","optimism"
"Only 22? Weak.","curiosity"
"All true, but [NAME] only “retired” to get out of AZ. Now that he’s back looking for a job...","neutral"
"This may look like hyperbole but you would have to be autistic to not pick up on the sarcasm in that post.","fear"
"Yes I prefer smaller boobs","approval"
"Apple can still go kindly fuck itself tho","anger"
"Something I read once that I tap into often: The hardest thing I ever did was to forgive someone who wasn’t sorry. Peace to you.","sadness"
"Can they be wrong about three things?","confusion"
"Ah lol just run then","amusement"
"Good luck!","optimism"
"Grammar guy, sorry, but vicarious doesn't work like that. Did you mean various? ","curiosity"
"For reference","neutral"
"The sound ISN'T mixed terribly like in high school kids and a nice taxidermised bear in the USA, a beautiful day!".","admiration"
"Dude, she had just lost her baby, too. ","grief"
"[NAME] can hear you over the internet, don't be so loud","neutral"
"I'd smash","anger"
"Her and her wise friend [NAME]","neutral"
"Pepperidge Farm remembers!","neutral"
"From the post history, I'd say this looks like a highly inept karma farm bot account. Edit: OP is for real! Yay! Upvoting!","excitement"
"Ah, thank you","gratitude"
"Congrats on becoming the owner of this cat! What a beautiful meow.","admiration"
"You did a good choice :) i hope all goes well im proud of you !!!!! :)","admiration"
"Nissan Fuga 450GT","neutral"
"Yeah, right.","approval"
"Then you should feel right at home!","neutral"
"Good job partner!","gratitude"
"Lmao. Fuck, you got me good.","amusement"
"Something being blatant doesn't mean another action isn't as blatant.","neutral"
"Ah. I would just send the money back. 50 euros is a lot for a kid to just give away...","optimism"
"if you don't wanna identify yourself...","neutral"
"Doesn't like hearing the truth","disapproval"
"It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'","neutral"
"Like I said previously I realise they weren't commonly called asylum seekers until recently. However that doesn't mean that previously they weren't asylum seekers","realization"
"The first guy had his balls covered, he knew.","neutral"
"These are the only causes that are remotely stomachable for me.","neutral"
"What a gutsy, huge win. This might be the most important win of the year thus far","admiration"
"Glad he's still balling, better than [NAME] for sure. I would have liked to have kept him just cos I liked how hard he played. ","love"
"Screenshots and a photo of the food on their porch.","neutral"
"I believe it was the "Master Batters."","approval"
"Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.","love"
"Yikes at that title dude","neutral"
"You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.","desire"
"Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?","anger"
"Well, at least you'll have plenty of company","neutral"
"I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.","realization"
"[NAME]. I just want you to have a great stat day.","admiration"
"There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.","embarrassment"
"I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.","disapproval"
"Has to be [NAME] doesn't it? 3 [NAME] in the squad with another on trial, plus they're pretty shit this season.","neutral"
"Are you confessing to not being able to understand what this sub is about?","neutral"
"Wow, this is why I never want to become a parent.","realization"
"I was going to comment the same thing! I love the disheveled newscaster vibe he and [NAME] created for the show.","neutral"
"Girl YES. My kindergarten come back Tuesday, and I’m hoping they remember my name and how to hold a pencil.","optimism"
"It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere","annoyance"
"I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.","annoyance"
"My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.","love"
"I didn't read that but so what?","annoyance"
"Does not look bad! Thnx!","gratitude"
"But we’re talking about some lady that obviously looks older and is far above the age of 21. Not a minor.","approval"
"Oh my, liberals have been busy haven’t they?","confusion"
"How can someone reply without contributing anything meaningful to the conversation.","confusion"
"Native deciduous tree species or gtfo!","remorse"
"Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]","disapproval"
"Nice melt bra","admiration"
"Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.","approval"
"Black goodness 😂😂","neutral"
"He also needs to understand it’s insanely hard to empathize with multimillionaires playing a kids game asking for hundreds million more.","disapproval"
"It’s selfish to not want to march with people who believe you’re termites and [NAME] killers?","annoyance"
"[NAME] looks queasy already I like where this is going","love"
"Nice try Gillette","admiration"
"ya - but I think the question is about using infusions to treat acute pain; not about giving dissociative doses for procedures.","neutral"
"I wish an asteroid would wipe us out.","desire"
"Or wait a few more weeks and try to snag one on sale after St. Paddy's","approval"
"Whatever happens, you will survive this. Keep your head up brother ✊","caring"
"34 year old here... still feel like a 20 year old still trying to figure things out... no kids, no wife, ","remorse"
"When we have tens of millions starving or dying of thirst, at least you will still have the moral 'high ground'.","neutral"
"Considering you are also a child, I can't say I'm surprised by your edgy hot take.","surprise"
"literally my favorite movie of all time not even exaggerating it’s stellar","love"
"me as fuck","disappointment"
"oh my, the edge. i bet he comes with a pre-selected punisher skull emblem. ","neutral"
"I’m not attracted enough to her for me to ask her out, but I would have sex with if she wanted ","disapproval"
"Wondering why this hasn’t been made a thing yet 😂","realization"
"Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!","neutral"
"Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.","desire"
"What? The claim is 2018 best shooters. Not overall best shooters","curiosity"
"it is very clearly incorrect, and it's apparent that your descent into reactionary politics has made you fully delusional. ","approval"
"I didnt really think about having a wife as an object until recently in a bout of frustration induced fantasy.","neutral"
"Let’s gooooo WHI","excitement"
"It means France. [NAME] is a guy from Paris.","neutral"
"Oh hey, the actual answer","optimism"
"OMG if the [NAME] and [NAME] run... I'll have the worst of time deciding who to vote for!","confusion"
"You only saw one piece of luggage. I’m not a fan of overly criticizing the things we don’t see.","disapproval"
"Thank you! Good night!","neutral"
"Did I present a braiwashing sect as something positive? Both are bad, but at least you can therapy your way out of emo.","disapproval"
"Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.","amusement"
"The junkies that hang around there can make some good jokes about getting blitz'd","joy"
"The thing is you dont have to do cardio to stay in shape... its all about his diet.","neutral"
"Does this not happen to all people? If not then at least I found out a little more about why this always happens to me.","realization"
"Mark it nsfw just to mess with people. Worst title I have seen all week.","disgust"
"Apologies, got a little carried away. ","sadness"
"I thought you were making a joke about AI not taking over while asking a bot to remind you ;)","realization"
"Was it? I thought it was someone from last season. Maybe I am just remembering wrong. I’ll have to watch her again!","confusion"
"Perfect. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Grown men who decide to call themselves"young loli girl" probably aren't interested in understanding how rape affects society.","neutral"
"Women are dangerous as hell too.","annoyance"
"rather than wait for the site to load, we'll just tell you it didn't load - Reddit","neutral"
"People with the power to enact laws to stop an issue, complain about the issue - More at 10","annoyance"
"Remember they are an ex for a reason. Seeing that smile probably made you remember all the happy times","neutral"
"As a risk analyst, that's a terrible idea, Risk is too high and the benefit to cost ratio is not worth it ","fear"
"Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.","admiration"
"You're taking all of this WAY too literally AND making a lot of assumptions.","annoyance"
"I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart","desire"
"Reading this made me pretty damn happy. Congrats hope it works out for you two.","gratitude"
"Bold of you to a̢̢̘̜̹͖͓̣̼̰͎̞͚̖͟͝͠s̷̻̮̝͍̕͘͝͝ş͏͕͈̻̺̬̻̱̫̙̠̜͚̗̯̤͔̙̫ų̖̰̭̺̳͕͔̥̳̟̻͖̗̪͙̕͜͝m̨̢̲͚̪͢͝ͅe̹̣̻͙̻͕̦̕͠","neutral"
"The pastor they’re having officiate their wedding is deeply and unabashedly homophobic...the hypocrisy is GLARING.","neutral"
"There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.","neutral"
"Hi 28, I'm dad!","neutral"
"[NAME] is INSTANT offense when he comes in. Dude is a spark plug out there every night.","neutral"
"Society started going downhill at exactly the point where I became negatively affected by social change.","sadness"
"Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me","disgust"
"Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances ","approval"
"The other person was [NAME] on Hell's Kitchen. Shot herself in 2007.","sadness"
"Is it possible you've been banned from them? I dont know how I feel about having the special privilege to view that sub lol.","neutral"
"Female here - Personally, I would love a text that says "I had a good time tonight! Would love to see you again."","desire"
"I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet","disapproval"
"It's an absurdly racist phrase that these anti-racist activists are very comfortable using for some reason.","neutral"
"Just rubbish.","annoyance"
"I completely agree! It's cold at first but makes you feel so alive and invigorated by it too. It's a total shock to the system.","approval"
"Part of me hopes this is a finely crafted [NAME] character and she’s actually a comedic genius.","neutral"
"This is how you get an armed revolution....","surprise"
"Geezus... it’s like I was reading a biography someone wrote about me before getting divorced.","realization"
"“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!","disapproval"
"Communists are the scum of the Earth.","neutral"
"As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact. ","disgust"
"you guys are mean lol. teacher said talk to a forum if there's no existing church. thanks anyways","amusement"
"Breath little dude, breath.","caring"
"Lighten up buddy.","caring"
"Honestly [NAME] is the best character on the show and the main reason it's worth watching, especially the later seasons.","admiration"
"Gotta protect’em!","neutral"
"They will be once enough young progressives have replaced the older centrists :) Welcome to the new Democratic Party!","neutral"
"This is fantastic!","admiration"
"No! You can't have that one! That's a coconut cake!","excitement"
""average good singer" ","admiration"
"Well, shrinking of your d could be a motivation to quit porn.","optimism"
"You would forget the price of such things and not care, too.","neutral"
"Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.","annoyance"
"i would love to have your neighbor!! he seems so nice! i really truly do hope you never meet that guy again.","love"
"Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.","disappointment"
"What was fluky about the 2012 Quakes? They won fair and square and they did it the MLS way","curiosity"
"Thank you! It really means a lot to me","gratitude"
"You can't expect him to like food","sadness"
"Damn so the Patriots are gonna get thielen after all","curiosity"
"That's why it's only 20$","neutral"
"I just think it's metal as fuck that she was charged with mayhem.","approval"
"Every time I get a staff kill, it feels like seeing a shooting star <3 Yeah, it definitely sucks.","anger"
"That sounds awesome! So good to have someone able to teach you their skills 😊","admiration"
"holy shit that's bad, maybe the extremist right can't meme either?","disappointment"
"Ok you cant expecteveryone to be a meme lord and get the name correct😂😂😂","amusement"
"It's gorgeous","admiration"
"I tend to organize better with top stocker but big shit won't fit on them","annoyance"
"Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.","sadness"
"It was genetic iirc and he had corrective surgeries on both shoulders eventually.","neutral"
"This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.","disapproval"
"Sounds like a scene/moment ripped from Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban","disappointment"
"My man!","pride"
"Which is still a very racist thing...","annoyance"
"And I also appreciate you.","admiration"
"Wow! I feel like a grade A moron","admiration"
"Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.","gratitude"
"True :/","neutral"
"The junkies that hang around there can make some good jokes about getting blitz'd","amusement"
"I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(","neutral"
"Much better thanks hun !","admiration"
"You literally changed someone's life for the better. You made the world a better place. Thank you for helping change the stigma against autism.","admiration"
"No room. Get lost. I cc u!","annoyance"
"Shaving her legs, hoping the video didn’t cut short and that’s all she shaved in there....","optimism"
"Hope all is well now xo","caring"
"Damn right.","approval"
"Sticking his tongue out.... ugh","disgust"
"Yes! I was lost without subtitles on Sons of Anarchy.","approval"
"She should have her medical license revoked because she took an oath to do no harm","neutral"
"Congratulations! Hard work always pays off! :) Hope you enjoy your new job!!","gratitude"
"I feel like the last line should be "on your rep of failure" rather than "day".","neutral"
"“Perhaps we could share a tray of twinkies together? You’d love that, *wouldn’t you*?”","love"
"Not all seatbelts prevent you from hitting. source: shattered my kneecap and fucked up my legs on the dash of my Miata","anger"
"Those flowers look painted on","neutral"
"I do believe there is a dm function on Reddit. If not my email is","neutral"
"Picked up my new glasses. Does anyone else feel nauseous after getting a new prescription","neutral"
"The new live-action movie looks great!","admiration"
"This is wonderful. Hope to have him and that newly a Dad joy back on ice as soon as he's ready.","admiration"
"I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.","love"
"AKA free to those who can afford it.","approval"
"The comments on this have me rolling 🤣 more seriously though, I hope everyone’s alright!! ❤️","amusement"
"And then the faucets clapped!","neutral"
"Thats....that's pretty normal...prolly somewhere in the ballpark of 280miles...If you dont have a fuel efficient car its not hard to do.","optimism"
"Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.","curiosity"
"color me embarrassed" I wonder what colour he'd be if she showed that text exchange to his missus. ","curiosity"
"Speech should be illegal if it is an incitement to violence or a call to commit crime. Everything else, however repulsive it might be, must be legal ","neutral"
"What manager has run the most difficult training sessions in your career?","neutral"
"after that we had no sustained damage for the fight so [NAME] and [NAME] just killed [NAME]","grief"
"Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post","surprise"
"I feel the r/thathappened for more than half of the stories posted. But they're fun to read.","amusement"
"We play some sexy football at times","optimism"
"You clearly don’t trust him. Separate before it gets too comfortable to stay.","approval"
"This. We already have so much more OL talent. We need another WR and TE, but I'm kinda excited","excitement"
"I like this one","love"
"Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.","curiosity"
"4Chan's ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to 4Chan.","curiosity"
"What a beautiful message - it's all about love, and I hope it sinks in to some of the COB people who might see it.","admiration"
"There was definitely 90s-drama-film-esque piano music playing when this unfolded.","neutral"
"Treat your wife like gold. Feed her well. Rub her feet. Repeat.","approval"
"Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary","confusion"
"Oh the horror. I hope she's alright.","fear"
"Come on I think he’s funny!","amusement"
"You're in the best place in Canada for outdoor activities.","approval"
"Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.","disapproval"
"There have been some really good replies in this thread, I hope they help you too! :)","gratitude"
"Genetics is Everything","neutral"
"Its better to just abuse us in overt ways since we tend to be doormats","anger"
"Thank you, this isn't the first time they have tried to control us with money. They always put odd stipulations on money or gifts.","gratitude"
"Damn that’s a lot of reposts!","surprise"
"Bless your heart.","caring"
"It almost looks like stuff from Japanese Pizza Huts !!","admiration"
"This one is the worst, by far","disgust"
"...Stuffed Crust **Piz**zah...?!","neutral"
"Of course there are a lot of people who think feminism and diversity are bad.","approval"
"No fucking clue","confusion"
"I just hope the Cavs don’t get the 1st pick fuck them","anger"
"I didn't even know there were two types of strep. That's very interesting!","admiration"
"“Instagram might suck but it doesn’t suck”","neutral"
"That they will always love me despite how erratic I am and that they will always care about me, even if I haven't seen them in years.","caring"
"They're badass for portioning sliders","neutral"
"Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.","amusement"
"This is most excellent news! Also, glad to know he went on to work somewhere like Google.","admiration"
"I was rather curious to see the True North Church receiving $1m from the lotteries commission.","curiosity"
"Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!","amusement"
"what a great idea.. i suggest they use it to insulate all the homes of the [NAME] administration and of [NAME]!!","admiration"
"Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.","amusement"
"Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.","sadness"
"I don't think I've ever seen that flag flying in this city, we mostly just have the provincial flag and the Canada flag","neutral"
"Wow...Mean [NAME] passed away today. RIP","grief"
"Happy cake day by the way!","gratitude"
"Yow thats gnarly.","realization"
"Get well soon, my man! Keep representing la isla! 🇵🇷","caring"
"No he won’t :)","disapproval"
"She’s my favorite too. She is indeed hella cute.","love"
"That it just seems worst now because we have phones (instant media)","disgust"
"From the article "They stun it, and then he knifed it." Not sure which doese the kill though.","annoyance"
"You are my beer god thank you haha","amusement"
"Progressives Warn Against [NAME] Trying To Get Elected In A Sharply Divided Nation","neutral"
"Yes, that might be a good thing","optimism"
"can we stop posting stuff like this? It comes off as desperate *edited for typo*","neutral"
"I watched that one, her butt is real lol","amusement"
"This made my hump day. Thank you good sir","gratitude"
"Feel the energy! Amazing PK and two great goals!","admiration"
"This is amazing.","admiration"
"It makes me feel better about overeating sometimes because I tell myself that at least I’m not as bad as those people","neutral"
"But. They just played Africa. Not even a new song. They have an album to promote!","neutral"
"You can buy bitesize toad in the holes in Tesco. They are amazing. These look like they use hotdogs but I imagine would be almost as good.","admiration"
"[NAME] is fucking destroying Bama and I LOVE IT","joy"
"I wanna learn how to sharpen a knife where I can basically shave vegetables like that","optimism"
"Yeah I didn't like getting clawed from that far away. IF it has that big of a hitbox, it shouldn't be that far reaching","neutral"
"Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!","neutral"
"OMG I looked at this they're coming I can hear the boots.","surprise"
"Why thank you","curiosity"
"Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.","neutral"
"I love this so much","love"
"Yes!! THANK YOU. I’m happy the point of this story was not lost among all.","gratitude"
"I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one","admiration"
"Yep! It's still busy. Slightly less crowded but still fun!","amusement"
"unless of course that's a mere sample","approval"
"10 life hacks you didn't know you needed in your life","annoyance"
"Upvote for buttfuckme.","neutral"
"Deflections don't help your cause.","disapproval"
"How long do you think manga will go on? Its fairly long now at 216 chapters and I think it's in it's late stages.","disapproval"
"Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.","disappointment"
"Is this in response to something that you've noticed about or just a general statement?","curiosity"
"I do this everyday... lol","amusement"
"Dad of two boys. Still find this unsettling. My oldest kicked me in the head one time while I listened for him in the womb","confusion"
"[NAME] plays a character called [NAME] (but is called [NAME]) , not [NAME]. edit: typo","neutral"
"i never knew i needed this","confusion"
"We're 40 minutes into this episode and I don't remember a thing about the patient [NAME] and [NAME] have.","neutral"
"I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)","love"
"It depends, what state are you in? ","confusion"
"yeah [NAME] can eat glass, that guy fuckin sucks","annoyance"
"Let's get things back on track! Happy new year!","caring"
"We have a realistic chance of winning this.","neutral"
"And they’re a marine biologist...","neutral"
"Whoever is bandersnatching our off-season needs to quit it.","neutral"
"This particular clip had been posted dozens of times already. Still adorable but come on guys!","neutral"
"DON'T DO THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES LIKE THAT THEY DON'T WANT HER EITHER BRUH","neutral"
"[NAME] do not have a profound love of mayo, where did you get that idea?","curiosity"
"True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.","disappointment"
"Opinions? I mean that's just a statement.","curiosity"
"Yes you should tell them and report him to the police for dating someone underage and giving her cigarettes.","sadness"
"They gave it away when the guards(i guess) were talking and one of them goes:"But the shield hero..."","neutral"
"Yes, I have. What are the towns of which you speak?","neutral"
"Why not both","curiosity"
"I love how he calls himself a "decent man" and the other guy a "douche" even though he's the one who wants to fight him","love"
"Isn't that why [NAME] is playing him?","curiosity"
"no, the epilogue has one ending.","disapproval"
"I did that.","neutral"
"He's not alt-right. He's just the normal clutch pearling conservative. He's like an annoying villain from an 80s movie.","neutral"
"Don't tell me what to do.","neutral"
"stay away from players lol","neutral"
"Interesting!!","excitement"
"I was giving an example, not explicitly talking about aramusha. 🙃","approval"
"I’d be cautious about making such an assumption is mine","neutral"
"Exactly[NAME] is refusing to acknowledge that his romantic relationship, as formed, is over and to move on. OP, you're incompatible.","neutral"
"[NAME] to [NAME]: "Don't try and tell me how to defend"","neutral"
"This joke is “the cheesiest”","annoyance"
"Kinda both, they maintain a pin-up section in their newspaper bizarrely enough. Not like any of the credible newspapers in the province ever needed that.","neutral"
"Could be an attainability thing. My personality is very aloof and I tend to have much better results with more confident girls in general.","optimism"
">Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok","approval"
"If being tired doesn’t work. Ask for a BJ","neutral"
"Yet, the Blue Bell crowd still worships this half ass ice cream, full of artificial flavors and HFCS.","neutral"
"Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).","optimism"
"[NAME]? He doesn't steal it, and he acts like shep in me2. But yeah, the picture looks like [NAME], more than a femshep. ","neutral"
"so very accurate","admiration"
"or a matter of position you choose!","neutral"
"Happy birthday [NAME]","neutral"
"This looks so damn cool! I’d love a shirt like this!","excitement"
"This hit me with de good ol memories","joy"
"shit. Sorry man :( They have great deals from now and then though via stacksocial. Check them from time to time.","disappointment"
"Rambo with the stinger","neutral"
"It does indeed. 😏","optimism"
"Tool fan from the U.S. here. Something seems off about this question. Cheers, mate!","neutral"
"#ERROR!","neutral"
"Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.","neutral"
"im done with my break im going to make more i promise","desire"
"We're not the only one that has it, but for a city of our population, we're probably one of the worse offenders.","embarrassment"
"Change politicians' healthcare to that of the average citizen, and this could all be sorted out much faster. ","neutral"
"that is not a life PRO tip, that is a life ROOKIE tip","neutral"
"Thanks for the info! Great pic. I’ve saved it.","admiration"
"Nothing cool about Infinite genders and Sexual confussion. Populism and Structuralism is interesting but as short term goals.","disapproval"
"At the very least, I’m glad he tried something other than the standard blue. And yeah, I think the title is above-average as well. ","approval"
"Nonsense. People are either the best or the worst. All of the time.","neutral"
"I've been waiting to watch [NAME] die for a long long time. Sure hope that one is right.","desire"
"Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too. ","disapproval"
"[NAME] and [NAME] are my favorite gay couple","admiration"
"I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.","admiration"
"Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him ","admiration"
"I like him 1.thats why I agree to go on a 2nd and 3rd date, 2. we text a lot. I just take things slow.","admiration"
"I feel like environmentalism has lost steam over the past ten to twenty years as the call to action has gotten too large in scope and abstract.","realization"
"I can't afford what I want. What now?","confusion"
"He's saving guys for the back to back.","neutral"
"Is [NAME] back on his meds? This is really calm by his normal standards.","neutral"
"There is also no dog in the white house. Why? Because dogs can smell an asshole a mile away.","confusion"
"Oh good god. This is not what makes someone Minnesotan. Or backtrack. This might be the exact type of post that makes someone look Minnesotan.","joy"
"You are doing your kids such a grand favor! I wish I were raised like that.","desire"
"Ahh change.org, where change goes to...do nothing","annoyance"
"Get out now!","anger"
"Trust me it gets worse from there....i shortened it a lot","annoyance"
"Abusive family nice. Been there.","admiration"
"it is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.","fear"
"this is why I love reddit","love"
"Who would be deciding the quality standards? How would it work between genres or styles? Why would any of this even be enforced?","neutral"
"At least he's finally done one thing right. Utter fucking disappointment at every level, by every metric.","disappointment"
"lol since when do you have to go to a orientation?","curiosity"
"Gotta offload this crap somehow.","neutral"
"Yeah that's how someone died at Dour festival when swimming in the stone quarry :/","sadness"
"Peel the avocado...","neutral"
"What kind of insider only has 250 followers?","confusion"
"Can’t argue with that.","neutral"
"I explained this in a comment in the other thread.","neutral"
"I don’t think I’m high enough to get this","neutral"
"Thank you for your comment, I didn't know Phoenix had a subreddit so now I'm subbed.","gratitude"
"She forgot about the Buttfor","neutral"
"I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me","disapproval"
"I’ve been there and it’s above a highway, feel like that might raise some eyebrows haha","amusement"
"Did she happen to find a magical ring before she drown?","curiosity"
"How is it a risk to the vaccinated kids?","confusion"
"Take this down my dude. This is cruel.","caring"
"I’m so sorry for your loss. It’s the smallest things that take up the biggest part of our hearts.","remorse"
"Cant agree more on the first part but for the last, it comes out too harsh.","annoyance"
"yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.","disappointment"
"Love the snow suit.","love"
"I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.","fear"
"I like this a lot","joy"
"Yeah. Whose fault is that... maybe the terroristic Gazan government stealing all their money. I’d say that’s a safe bet.","admiration"
"You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!","neutral"
"Did you just ask what's the point of posting a lazy and needlessly crass joke on Reddit? You must be new here.","amusement"
"Well son of a....","neutral"
"I'd give it a 6.9, based on the fact that he was still caught in the tree","relief"
"Everyone is fed up of it, but it'll be over soon and we'll be glad of it then. Just like the Newlands Cross flyover.","optimism"
"This lady argued with me for wanting a 0 guard on the side for my fade. Walked out.","embarrassment"
"I feel the same at 5 feet 9. Feels bad","annoyance"
"I cannot remember the dude's name, but I used to LOVE to watch him on Poker After Dark.","disapproval"
"No it takes at least 14 days and if she’s had her period it’s very unlikely she was pregnant before NYE","surprise"
"And I will laugh at everyone wasting their first round pick on him.","amusement"
"[NAME] can be my friend!","desire"
"Still extremely impressive.","admiration"
"This is so scary but true","approval"
"Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!","fear"
"[NAME] isn’t a rocket scientist. I was surprised about the Thailand thing tbh I did expect it to be true haha.","amusement"
"I picked it so it forced me to stay anonymous.","neutral"
"yeah I figured, that's actually incredibly annoying. that only flies because they don't care about bf4 anymore? time to start favoriting servers I guess","annoyance"
"Crush. Big crush. Still have it.","love"
"So that’s why all of the lab work I get takes so long....","approval"
"Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!","admiration"
"good luck with the interview!","desire"
"Yeah transgenders are stupid.","annoyance"
"Yes, I could do that, except it's his personal facebook, so that's kind of weird. ","embarrassment"
"Idk for fun?","confusion"
"there are different levels of terrible. Supplying the PLO/Hamas with arms ranks prettttty damn high.","neutral"
"Was literally just on rags subreddit. Even they knew our first shot would be a goal.","surprise"
"Didn't Canada have more guns per capita then USA? I think I saw that in Bowling for Columbine. But [NAME] seem pretty chill about it.","neutral"
"Aw [NAME] - she wanted this to be her legacy","annoyance"
"Maybe I’m unsure of that","confusion"
"No superbowl @ lambo for this generation; hopefully global warming will make an impact in the next 30 years. :)","approval"
"Much appreciated !","admiration"
"Not adjacent. Far enough away that I am not easily in sight but could get to the hook 2-3 seconds after I see that glint of movement.","approval"
"Housing cost money. Ropes are cheap for those that truly deserve death but, do it quickly not 10, 20 years later.","neutral"
"You two are perfect for one another.","admiration"
"It's all good man, glad you shared it. Just felt I should defend my stance as well.","admiration"
"this definitely fits in r/BoneAppleTea.","neutral"
"Being alone isn't the problem. Being **forever** alone is the problem.","neutral"
">complain that government can't do anything right >get elected and prove it","neutral"
"I want it out too, [NAME].","neutral"
"Yeah that’s what I was saying, thanks for pulling the stats I was too lazy to.","gratitude"
"Damn that sucks did you get a tip at least?","anger"
"This is so cringey it hurts. I feel so bad for whoever sent this because they are so stupid.","disappointment"
"LOL [NAME] AND [NAME] JUST PLAYING WITH THEM","excitement"
"My bad on the terminology, see my response above for some of my thoughts / concerns related to the presence of 2-chlorophenol","neutral"
"I'm surprised no one's talking about the guy in the picture. What a thrussy!","surprise"
"I had no idea! The art style just seemed similar to me. Looks like I’ve got a new show to watch.","surprise"
"If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.","love"
"Sounds like a standard room and board agreement. Nothing communist about that at all.","neutral"
"Trust me no one getting caught but this dumb MF","neutral"
"Do you want help?","caring"
"Weird flex but ok","fear"
"*NOW* you understand jokes.","neutral"
"Have a good night, mate!","gratitude"
"Capitalism doesn't require police or military either. Private security is a thing. Capitalism in general functions better in the absence of a government.","neutral"
"I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)","admiration"
"lmao... okay buddy","amusement"
"How are you punishing him for sneaking food? Why isn't that working? What alternatives have you considered to get him under control?","neutral"
"Well, I knew that a lot of people don't trim their bushes in the eastern suburbs, but that's ridiculous.","disgust"
"Thanks [NAME].","gratitude"
"I totally agree and I think this was suggested before as well","approval"
"Oh [NAME]... now you’re stealing my lines.","annoyance"
"I haven't killed one yet, but I did kill someone that had a carcass. I think I got $3 at the butcher.","neutral"
"Oh my [NAME] that's so awkward","embarrassment"
"Love [NAME], he reminds me of the little receiver from NE Edlemen (I think misspelled) .","admiration"
"The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.","fear"
"That has to be an understatement, I know several myself","neutral"
"Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO","anger"
"Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(","sadness"
"that's horrifying","fear"
"I thought it was funny lol. The whole situation was dumb and both sides were in the wrong.","amusement"
"[NAME] is playing with so much energy today. New year, new haircut, maybe he's feeling like it's an opportunity for a fresh start. ","optimism"
"They don't want to waste the script they used for [NAME] campaign. Because that was such a rousing success.","neutral"
"say it with me now super star","neutral"
"Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.","fear"
"That’s how I got banned","disappointment"
"[NAME] is in Valkyrie, we're SAAAFFffffeeeee........","relief"
"Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though 😄","joy"
"BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.","neutral"
"Because [NAME] has been active for 4 years and every time he makes an appearance at their police station [NAME] is somehow conveniently not around.","neutral"
"[NAME] focus on local politics since it's the easiest to hide your cheating and corruption down there.","neutral"
"I get that the reason a restaurant would be out of the area is because it's the closest to them or it's the one they have chosen","neutral"
"Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start","fear"
"With a username like SomeMormonAsshooe, maybe it means "convert." So does the neighbor's wife *really* want to become a [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Oh thank [NAME]","gratitude"
"Woah that’s comforting.","neutral"
"Surprised [NAME] didn't add his hatred of interracial couples in the movie.","neutral"
"This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.","embarrassment"
"Must have been no phones around during slavery","neutral"
"The world is backwards, nowadays. Where people defend _GaNgStAs_ because it's culturally and politically correct, and then shame those who protect and serve. Makes me bleed rage.","sadness"
"Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?","sadness"
""I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!" ","neutral"
"My birthday is in March, so that MK11 Beta access is also going to be awesome.","admiration"
"i actually laughed at that lol good one man","joy"
"The “targets” so far has been guilty.","disapproval"
"I know right! Lego really hurts!","approval"
"She's only 52","gratitude"
"Love hearing stories like this. [NAME] holy Priests are such a gift. We must always give thanks and pray for them.","gratitude"
"Would have been faster to seal it and then pressurize the tube so the kitty gets shot out like a cannonball.","neutral"
"it made me cry too when [NAME] return to her older self😢","neutral"
"I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%","approval"
"Yes...it would be weird, but at the same time there are immigrant families without citizenship or working toward getting citizenship.","neutral"
"Back up, [NAME]!","neutral"
"Can't wait till the home game in March... And a portland okc playoff series would be "lit af" ","neutral"
"No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.","disapproval"
"Never take advice from someone named "poor judgement" ","annoyance"
"... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.","neutral"
"Makeup can be expensive! Even though she got her makeup done now, she will have to replace those that she lost","neutral"
"Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome","love"
"" Personal responsibility" code for "if you aren't rich, get fucked!"","anger"
"Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.","annoyance"
"How dare you","anger"
"Some "Mean Girls" style backstabbing will be a great B-plot for this new season! 🍿","admiration"
"A sorry lot","caring"
"See her recent article in The Atlantic, in addition to what the other person who responded to you said.","neutral"
"But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?","confusion"
"Perhaps I'm biased, but it seems to be the most popular. So many references in TV Shows and Movies. ","disapproval"
"Ironic, since cleaning your room is what [NAME] is always on about.","admiration"
"Wow, I wish we had info on which counties have it the worst. Was that in the article?","curiosity"
"Oh look a [NAME] flair why am I not surprised","neutral"
"Keep trying! :) I’ve just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.","admiration"
"My guess is they work with older folks","neutral"
"I agree. Could go either way.","approval"
"I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.","caring"
"I never watched any [NAME] films, so. That. ","neutral"
"No kill, only hug","joy"
"You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!","approval"
"Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.","amusement"
"Pop a chubby like a green teletubby! ^(that felt wrong.)","realization"
"ive been looking at buying this exact knife for like 6 months.. how is it?","curiosity"
"? sometimes i play ffa with my friends to have fun","neutral"
"I assume he likes it and wants to share what he loves.","neutral"
"I don't live there anymore, but I grew up in the midwest, and the "ope" triggered me a little bit","neutral"
"You're telling me you don't get excited when you see a big hit or players drop the gloves?","curiosity"
"Why does he take offense to something that you did to YOUR body? It's YOUR body. I think it's blatant disrespect from his part.","annoyance"
"Chromie, for sure","neutral"
"The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!","admiration"
"> but to say that it will fuck up your mind is simply ignorant lolol k.","amusement"
"I thought it was all of Yorkshire... could be wrong though and it is just City if York!","surprise"
"Wonder where all the shit is.","admiration"
"Ion know but it would be better for you to just buy some trim and make them yourself, its not that hard and you can dose it","neutral"
"WOW THATS SO INTERESTING It happens to me so often that when I hear a new word I anticipate it but it all makes sense now","realization"
"Just gonna say it. Bahahahahahaha","amusement"
"You have so much to learn my sweet summer child","neutral"
"Shut up 15 year-old","anger"
"Infacy gosples?","curiosity"
"Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones","love"
"I know they don’t want it. I just wish they did.","desire"
"Reminds of something beautiful [NAME] said in an interview once "I fall in love with myself. And I want someone to share me with me." ","love"
"Yes - 21 of the cases were kids","approval"
"Likely. Just let him take every single shot all night and see what happens.","optimism"
"The math so far appears to indicate something more damning. The question I'm curious about is whether the information will come out before summer.","curiosity"
"I'm late to the party but she looks like she could get up!!","admiration"
"It's an "inconvenient truth" as someone once said. :)","realization"
"WOAH IVE BEEN BURNED SICK BURN JOIN US AT r/SickBurns","sadness"
"Not if he signs it. And he has made statements that contradict the 2nd amendment in the past.","neutral"
"mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits","neutral"
"I've spent too much of my life being angry at the Jets, just gotta roll with it now.","remorse"
"I was more responding to the "Michigan will be fighting against that all year." In two weeks, there's no preseason weight at all. ","neutral"
"Nice rifle. I have a T3 in 7mm rem mag. N Mine would suck as a SHTF rifle, but it's great for hunting.","admiration"
"[NAME] is a New York populist. You might as well have voted for a [NAME].","neutral"
"Counter's clean, you're welcome!","gratitude"
"Not your chair, not your problem. That's what I say.","annoyance"
"And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.","approval"
"This is perfect!","admiration"
"Nope, in reality this does never happen indeed. Cant we see what the problem is here?","curiosity"
"Oh man, I forgot about that! Which episode was that from?","confusion"
"Whoever is against the queen will die.","fear"
"This is so sweet 🖤","admiration"
"And the dude dropped his phone between those slots... ouch!","sadness"
"look up hypersexuality, it's tied with BPD but not every pwBPD experiences it ","neutral"
"Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.","neutral"
"Sounds like you got really lucky bro :). Did you ever see the guy again? If so, did he ever bully you again? ","admiration"
"Doesn't help that it's not actually cheese. Looks like a pretty standard Vegan mac+whatever you wanna call it","neutral"
"As a Florida girl I have no clue how you all have not died. I could never live there.","confusion"
"check out victim of ritual he's one of the best [NAME] players around and he uses a pad. It's nothing you can't get used to","admiration"
"No but I've been totally been meaning to I fricking love [NAME]!","love"
"You can see the regret in the eyes","approval"
"I automatically love anyone who votes for best underrated boy [NAME].","love"
"do you even need to ask of course we need to support her if we dont who the hell will?","neutral"
"I wonder what a hug would feel like a lot too.","surprise"
"Its the same processus for LoL isn't it ? Haven't played lol for a long time but i remember using golds to unlock characters too !","neutral"
"We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.","annoyance"
"but that’s exactly my point lol you get better at those things, the scary factor affecting skill learning becomes smaller and smaller","approval"
"Eh, sorry, found it, not my ex, thank goodness! Apologies!!","caring"
"I met her once and she ended up falling for me.","love"
"I just don't know whether to believe if this is achieveable at this age.","neutral"
"Difference is that a conq forward dash bash always grants a gb when dodged but warlords charge usually leaves him out of range to punish it when dodged","neutral"
"Fat dad=fat kid","neutral"
"They're likely elderly, so not a big concern if they're tapping SS.","relief"
"[NAME] I hate Twitter","anger"
"I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them","admiration"
"Nice of them to call back to [NAME] dyslexia with the two different spellings of deodorant","anger"
"Wait did he’s married with a family and tried getting in your pants?!","curiosity"
"Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge. ","admiration"
"Come to Louisiana! Gas stations have single 16oz’s on ice and we have drive through daiquiris.","neutral"
"[NAME] damn I love [NAME].","love"
"Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.","love"
"I guess so ¯_(ツ)_/¯","neutral"
"There is a startling lack of empathy in this thread.","disappointment"
"[NAME] i want to slap the shit out of her","desire"
"Yes! She lost more!","approval"
"She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.","disapproval"
"I was being sarcastic ;)","surprise"
"This is r/tifu. If you're not caught jacking it into the turkey, you're doing it wrong. ","disapproval"
"[NAME] sub, dolphins sub, and [NAME] subs are having a field day right now lol same old jets","neutral"
"Nice try..Hulu exec.","neutral"
"Happy cake day man","excitement"
"Discuss and follow a case an onsessibg per the case are different. It's odd. It's the only conviction on earth where we see this.","neutral"
"Bahaha that wasn't a shot attempt until the last second","joy"
"You are a unique woman. Happy for you that you found someone who suits you so well.","neutral"
"They r like 5 dollars each","neutral"
"Tell her, it may have been a huge [NAME] fan and I was even shorter than [NAME].","neutral"
"He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!","anger"
"yup it may be me!","neutral"
"I’m just gonna go ahead and call bullshit on most of the details of this story.","disgust"
"I realised after I typed it, but I left it up. I feel sometimes in life, you just gotta take the L. ","neutral"
"What a fantastic combover! What brand of comb do you use?","admiration"
"I’m excited!","excitement"
"0% But then again most of us on here aren't placing top 8 at majors so that could factor in","disapproval"
"Bali beckons, then sort it when you're refreshed and have come back.","neutral"
"Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me","realization"
"The more you know","neutral"
"In the end it is just another day surrounded by fake fans. If people wana watch a team that never loses they should stick to NCAAF","neutral"
"Ok her siblings. She lacks humility? No you are talking about [NAME] ever since she hatched dragons.","neutral"
"Thank you mods for the sticky. This is such an important story. To my surprise, the NY Times had a brief piece about it.","approval"
"I need this in Canada geez","neutral"
"It's a b/a pic with [NAME]. It's a secks thing sweaty.","neutral"
"Aw thats so sweet A loving cimmunity is what [NAME] and [NAME] deserve for giving us such amazing content every day","love"
"Damn dude, nice delts","admiration"
"Found the apologist.","annoyance"
"You sound like a great Dad and husband to me. Hang in there.","gratitude"
"Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.","fear"
"You don’t know what love is till you’ve fished a turd out of the bathtub for someone.","neutral"
"I was sleeping with my mouth open my dog started licking inside my mouth.","disgust"
"Yes ='(, what a shame, [NAME]","anger"
"Be fiscally responsible and you could save a couple thousand probably, while still enjoying much of what this wonderful city has to offer. ","neutral"
"I was actually thinking naming it hardcore mode Would make it more enticing for people too. Funny you called it that.","amusement"
"Especially the Lexus peeps. Just baffles me how they dash in their nice cars.","neutral"
"Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.","disapproval"
"Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.","curiosity"
"Her communications director his now working for [NAME]. Get ready for some more cringe","approval"
"Or at the very least, why can't healers have HAMMERS!? (... I miss Legion :(]","anger"
"You just posted the same thing but made it worse.","anger"
"Ha! Thanks for this.","gratitude"
"No. Hell no. It's "anxiety". When needed for medical notes and such my doctor will also write anxiety. ","fear"
"Its a half baked RP. If they wanted to kill each other they oculd have just started shooting.","grief"
"LETS FUCKING GOOOOO","anger"
"I didn’t realize people cared so much about phones.","realization"
"At least you can admit you missed it","approval"
"Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.","approval"
"Yeah dude I like the brown sugar ones a lot, what’s the problem?","approval"
"Dad doesn't need to be there for 12 months. But way too step up!","disapproval"
"Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY","amusement"
"“Little dumb” ugh how awful","disapproval"
"I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.","approval"
"She's slept with so many guys she's starting to look like one","disapproval"
"And she wouldn't give it to him. Poor fellow.","disapproval"
"I dunno how to read this yet. I guess it depends on how the other moves they make shake out.","neutral"
"I assumed that came from him brandishing a firearm at the kids after they egged his car.","neutral"
"I remember when I saw [NAME] cut off his leg with a Saw in a bathroom","neutral"
"Exactly right about throwing $23M at Donaldson. I mean, are we going for it this year or not? Mixed signals...","neutral"
"Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.","caring"
"This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.","embarrassment"
"The glass used in this vintage is extremely exquisite","admiration"
"Yeah, I can see how that can sound that way","approval"
"Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol","admiration"
"Omg so glad I’m not alone","joy"
"> [NAME] doesn't even agree with you. What does she not agree with?","neutral"
"I think they should have gone with “Breaking news: even healthcare professional can’t see the future.”","neutral"
"There’s really no rationalizing their train of thought.","disappointment"
"You mean the trip advisor era.","neutral"
"The problem is that people cannot differentiate between a necessary and a sufficient condition.","annoyance"
"Shouldn't have drank water from his cup.","disapproval"
"This could have been done in two panels and that’s honestly what annoys me the most about this","disappointment"
"Don’t shove your “self control” in my face","neutral"
"Umm... I am.","joy"
"She is in a weird fairy tale stage, but then also realistic. I’m so confused. I guess you be both delusional and logical? ","confusion"
"The dude with the eyepatch is fitting.","neutral"
"AYY! Anti-Semitism! Didn't expect that from AnCaps, but I'm not surprised.","surprise"
"Are you actually serious? I'm really interested in the details lol","amusement"
"Maybe they just wanna hook up on this hook up app 🤔","confusion"
"Lmao, The first thing i did after reading is trying to do it.","neutral"
"Badass mom of the year moment. My mom has surprised me like that too. Awesome man","admiration"
"Well sure his one appearance in relief lost us a game, but at least he didn’t get hurt. ","neutral"
"I foresee sharp objects bypassing the biometrics.","neutral"
"My reaction was a dejected "ahhhh damn....."","anger"
"Youre fantastic. Thanks! How cute","admiration"
"Thank you. So many people out there that would rather be right and in a grave than swallow their pride and do the safer thing.","annoyance"
"Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.","desire"
"He looked pretty into it when talking with [NAME]","love"
"This hurts me","disappointment"
"I told [NAME] not to shoot [NAME] cause I didn’t think [NAME]’ dumbass would turn his back right in front of her.","neutral"
"Reddit university man. A hard and rocky road but it takes you places.","neutral"
"This was so helpful! Thank you. I really needed to hear something inspiring for once, instead of just hearing that I’m not doing enough.","disappointment"
"All the time, and the excuse I get is that I need to visit more often otherwise I wouldn't have found out at all.","neutral"
"I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.","disgust"
"Apparently she was doing the "gasping fish face thing" with a face full of mud when the cops arrived.","neutral"
"Seriously beautiful my man!! Is it on apple music? Really great song","excitement"
"But I think his feelings care about the fact that he's still not tall enough to ride any of the roller coasters at Disneyland","caring"
"Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.","remorse"
"what does this mean?","neutral"
"Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.","approval"
"This sub is a fucking joke now","annoyance"
"Cause hes black and black people don't care about white guilt philosophies. Also [RELIGION] isn't a race idiot","realization"
"I’m actually suprised they all didn’t follow him and now they all have to repeat junior year.","surprise"
"They don’t have one, they just spam and need to be reported.","neutral"
"The power dynamics argument is one of the most ridiculous arguments ever - unless it’s someone who has a *direct* influence on your life or outcomes.","optimism"
"I love that username","love"
"Ladies and gentlemen, we got him.","approval"
"At what point do we consider arresting people who arm themselves in order to oppose legitimate, democratic decisions by force of arms? ","confusion"
"Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha","annoyance"
"I don’t see the problem","joy"
"The worst is when those moments pop up randomly. Especially when you’re feeling happy and then a mistake you did back in 2005 comes creeping up.","anger"
"Every red light should have one of these!","neutral"
"Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor. ","caring"
"happy early birthday OP! have fun !","gratitude"
"i used to work in that area. my god, what a complete & total sh*thole - and even then, there are worse places","annoyance"
"You know, you’re right, she didn’t take the opportunity as seriously as she should have it seems","approval"
"Broncos one was harder being state rivals and us being spoken of as possible contenders, only to get smashed after taking an early lead","neutral"
"congratulations :o)","excitement"
"Oh would you look at this....","neutral"
"Sorry I dropped mine can I have another?","approval"
"Here we go, ya'll ready for WW3...this time we're the baddies! ","neutral"
"Maybe you feel a pressure to succeed and that makes it harder to do so","neutral"
"My 2 best girls in the series combined into one and [NAME] with [NAME] colors is so beautiful :)","admiration"
"Good to know! I should keep a lookout then.","approval"
"Probably. Sorry, OP. But don't worry. A lot of us are in the same boat.","caring"
"Before 2014 there wasnt a single polar vortex....oh","neutral"
"So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.","love"
"Thanks dude.","gratitude"
"Didn’t notice but yeah he probably was in some prison gang that they don’t want shown.","optimism"
"Whoever wrote this article has no concept of what’s going on what so ever. There assessments are miles off the mark.","anger"
"Well that’s definitely a pallet headed to walmart. Why am I not surprised","neutral"
"That’s pretty neat","admiration"
"Misread. I’m with you my dude.","caring"
"Because the people pushing the myth are either willfully ignorant or outright malicious.","sadness"
"Even weirder way to spell [NAME].","disapproval"
"Comeback in a couple months and we'll see.","optimism"
"We don't do that here","disapproval"
"It's not ok when these people are only partisan in one direction. They have no leftwing equivalent to [NAME].","neutral"
"I’m scared.","fear"
"I mean most players get that","neutral"
"Thanks man, appreciate it :D","admiration"
"Put a shirt on, this is the internet for [NAME] sake! ","neutral"
"People who hate [NAME] really really hate him. It’s quite fascinating.","anger"
"I did hear that [NAME] is friends with [NAME], I think on the SC sub. This was probably like a month ago. Could be. ","confusion"
"No that was my cyst that got removed today lol","amusement"
"You've got thoughts coming your way my dude","neutral"
"RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.","sadness"
"every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback","neutral"
"Did you guys hear about the Pacers quiet start? Yeah, that's done, now.","approval"
"Goodmorning, I wish you all a wonderful day.","caring"
"There’s enough public shaming. I said let the drunk woman free!","embarrassment"
"Being approached isn't a license to act a racist fool yourself","neutral"
"Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.","annoyance"
"Hey it's been 2 weeks, are your friends still stuck at 60-ish ranks, just gathering info on MM and such.","curiosity"
"I love how they keep getting smaller 🙊","love"
"Agree. I did enjoy Godless but I was addicted to The Terror. It was full of such amazing character actors.","admiration"
"Afraid not. I was just given a different perspective.","relief"
"Never lost one. The black one just got trampled on a dance floor and it stopped hitting.","neutral"
"I don't really see what the point of this post is.","confusion"
"Either you meant family doc or there's an interesting story here you're not sharing. I'm hoping for the latter.","optimism"
"And this is why this sub is the way it is.","neutral"
"What a locker room cancer - Some Nuggets fan, somewhere","neutral"
"Does Mama count?","confusion"
"Hence the apology note.","neutral"
"I’ll defer to your experience then.","optimism"
"I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said "He's the best option for attorney general right now"","admiration"
"All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere. ","anger"
"I wish you have a best luck on your journey.","caring"
"I know that's what she said they dont repackage they have to toss them so instead she brought them home","realization"
"I’ll read that, thanks!","approval"
"Looks extra creepy in light of the recent revelations about his campaign.","neutral"
"I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.","sadness"
"From Rockledge, Florida in the united states. Don't know why I ended up here to be honest but it's a good time.","confusion"
"You will never be safe as long as the CCP can imprison and torture you","disgust"
"Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...","annoyance"
"Hopefully she lives in a very vaccinated area that will protect her baby. Hopefully.","approval"
"Agreed, but it took me a while to understand that.","approval"
"Little did you know 95% of these kids just don’t want to go to school","neutral"
"> As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?","annoyance"
"Waterspouts might be one of nature’s most beautiful dangerous things","fear"
"Oh shit. Is back?! Time to import","realization"
"I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.","disappointment"
"Careful, he's a hero","caring"
"Right? I hear too many horror stories of people ordering online and not getting the copy on the release date. I would be so pissed.","anger"
"Ah yes, the poison. The worst part of any poisoning. ","neutral"
"Penguins on a 7 game heater, big game here boys","neutral"
"Why are you trying to cheat NJ transit? NJ transit is in deep financial debt and you are trying to steal from them. Shame.","annoyance"
"That's gotta cut deep!","realization"
"Your teaching disturbs him!","neutral"
"Yep. And if the reaction to the CovCath psyop is any indication there will be riots when her retirement or death is announced.","realization"
"what does gl even stand for can't find it while searching gl mmorpg","neutral"
"And no fall damage","neutral"
"he stopped talking to me 🤷🏼‍♀️","neutral"
"If I went to a party and they had SFV I would cry of happiness.","curiosity"
"Not a particularly in-depth article, but I thought it was a worthwhile follow-up to the recent post about police ticketing people outside Tim Hortons.","optimism"
"Thank you ☺️","gratitude"
"Uffda. What a hero.","admiration"
"extra time goal that keeps us on the run to win the caneco !","optimism"
"What if I went around with a bat and stalked down every socialist I could find? Socialism killed more innocent [NAME] then [NAME], remember? ","neutral"
"Oh? Why'd it reply here not the comment? Did i mess something up?","neutral"
"Getting your helping the elderly badge isn’t too hard when you are the elderly.","neutral"
"I absolutely think this is possible, and for the good of our team: *TOLES FINDS DEM HOLES!*","approval"
"You blew it. They played you like a fiddle.","neutral"
"His mom was a handsome woman!","admiration"
"Who would win: The Green Arrow or 1 Electric Boi","neutral"
"Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?","anger"
"Oh hahaha, is it a reputable vendor?","amusement"
"I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday. ","remorse"
"Is that a normal price for this kind of thing or is it [NAME] expecting a super-wealthy person to impulse buy?","curiosity"
"you did drug her though, and assault her by undressing her and taking her photo. you committed multiple crimes. you need professional help.","anger"
"Are you an ENTP? That sounds like a pretty ENFP motivation to me. You don't have a flair, so just curious.","confusion"
"france drinks coffe from a bowl.","admiration"
"I'm glad that you are still harboring feelings from a game that ended in 2016.","admiration"
"I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it","love"
"Oh god, never thought of the implications of [NAME] not selling BB-8 as mirroring her parents giving her up. That tugs the heartstrings a little bit.","disappointment"
"Games played will hurt his chances unless he takes over the starting role later this season.","disappointment"
"This is perfect","gratitude"
"I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them","desire"
"If I haven’t told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ❤️❤️❤️","love"
"[NAME] would have the biggest fit if he gets benched for [NAME]. He's unfortunately become to slow to keep up with guys like [NAME].","approval"
"Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.","sadness"
"Thank you. I needed to be told that. I knew it but needed affirmation I guess.","gratitude"
"But, oh boy, they can try.","neutral"
"this is just brother and sister but with extra steps","approval"
"I would like that.","curiosity"
"Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.","curiosity"
"i'm guessing there is no dvd plan in the UK","neutral"
"The BrokenMachine has one of these videos but I'm definitely going to watch yours. Thank you for taking the time to do this.","gratitude"
"Oooh is this about [NAME]? Edit: Yup! Sure is!","approval"
"Or a lovegod That supports you","joy"
"One counter example is enough to falsify a claim. It does not matter how many examples there are which agree with the claim.","neutral"
"Honestly took me by surprised. Good job!","admiration"
"4th qrt over 10.5 looks reasonable, play-offs teams usually try the hardest at the 4th","neutral"
"A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!","excitement"
"Is this him?","curiosity"
"Downvoted for pointing it out, too!","neutral"
"I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.","optimism"
"Ok, but can you explain why you story doesn’t fit the video?","neutral"
"You're welcome. Sometimes we just need a gentle reminder that it's okay to take care of ourselves. You got this.","caring"
"I was expecting “little boys pants would always be ‘half off’!” But that would be in r/unclejokes","amusement"
"I will say, this tanking season is a lot more enjoyable than [NAME] cause we don't see [NAME] looking confused on the sideline every game.","joy"
"Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies. ","anger"
"Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?","gratitude"
"Great news. Hopefully we can get a PLP that is more representative of the membership.","admiration"
"All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped","annoyance"
"Yeah, but that driver's mistake could have easily seriously harmed or even killed the pedestrian, this is not a "we all make mistakes" situation.","neutral"
"I actually should do that.....","disappointment"
"[NAME] still the best dev tho. Nice nonsense comparison btw.","neutral"
"Any response helps and makes me feel like I’m not alone....thank you❤️","approval"
"I disagree with many picks in this list","disapproval"
"I’m guessing theyve been together for a few years and once she was no longer a teenager and it wasn’t as risqué he lost interest.","desire"
"Trolls are okay in this sub but let's be more serious here","neutral"
"No it was a joke","amusement"
"Already did that, but looks like it's the end anyway. Cheers for the advice ","disappointment"
"Let’s start [NAME] over him and let [NAME] and [NAME] jack threes with the bench squad","neutral"
"Old man yells at cloud","neutral"
"It's interesting how you're actually using type logic here.","admiration"
"Its hard to explain i feel everything is distant.","annoyance"
"[NAME] are not the best at being subtle about being incels...","realization"
"That's the opposite of a bad thing.","approval"
"How did they know it was seafood? What did I miss? Thats awesome btw","admiration"
"...except that they’re an [NAME] coached team.","approval"
"If that's ice cream, then honestly I eat ice cream from a cup at home. It's great for portion control.","neutral"
"Incontinence is a terrible thing","neutral"
"This is a school announcement: Remember not to commit thought crimes in the classroom. Repeated thought crimes will result in a lowering of your grades.","neutral"
"Don't go rouge or stick your tounge out at those across the boarder, but perhaps you could care less because I'm obviously bias. :) ","annoyance"
"That’s because you’re not an elected official. Learn this one simple trick!","caring"
"Nice language 👏","admiration"
"That was my favorite character... :’(","love"
"He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.","neutral"
"User name says you are a scumbag [NAME]. I’m confused","realization"
"Lmao. Whatever you say bud.","neutral"
"It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization","amusement"
"Apparently the bull shark is hyper aggressive due to the amount of testosterone it has. They're basically roid-heads in perpetual roid-rage with massive teeth.","neutral"
"Just go for it, man. Life is too short.","optimism"
"I just heal and when we start to do bad day its my fault taking blame off of our flanks and frontlines","disappointment"
"I'm the plane boy! I'm the one who flies!","neutral"
"I thought it said “now my biggest fear is the thing living inside my casket” like, *weet doo feek?!*","neutral"
"And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail","approval"
"Yeah I think you understood my issue then","approval"
"This was literally me!","surprise"
"Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox","sadness"
"how blurry this photo is r/mildlyinfuriating","annoyance"
"Are you lost?","anger"
"Last email i got was on Jan 27th on Sunday @11:22PM which is really odd imo","disappointment"
"hi [NAME], toxicity in a multiplayer game is something that should always be expected no matter the game cause people are assholes.","disapproval"
"Never made it through, it makes me physically ill just seeing images of that monster combined with him describing his incomprehensible evil.","disappointment"
"Went to their other location in Capitol Reef National Park and it was fantastic. The cauliflower dough is great even if you're not into gluten-frei.","neutral"
"Interesting. Are there any studies that show that it’s not natural for humans?","curiosity"
"You should’ve just put that in the original comment then","neutral"
"Sorry lol, that’s left over from a lot of parenting and relationship subreddits. ","amusement"
"I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?","surprise"
"i got kangaroo from the meat guys over in U district at University Seafood and Poultry. they have tons of exotic stuff","neutral"
">[NAME] pulls publicity drama stunt with mild success. FTFY","annoyance"
"[NAME] is awesome","admiration"
"Sorry. I know I should be grateful and happy.","embarrassment"
"Not livioosa it’s liviosaa","neutral"
"Yall remember that rainbow zebra striped gum that lost its flavor in like 0.0001 seconds","disappointment"
"Happy to help","neutral"
"I thought it was important to celebrate a person for who they are, not who they've banged.","neutral"
"All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!","gratitude"
"It's probably easier when you're given all the money and connections you need without doing anything worthwhile to earn it.","neutral"
"Thank you for sharing your experience. It adds much needed hope.","gratitude"
"Someone tell [NAME] to report on these threats to journalists and the first amendment!","neutral"
"I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]","surprise"
"I liked how in the video the [NAME] picked him up and held him a little. Pretty Wholesome¯_(ツ)_/¯","excitement"
"Depends on what else is going on at the time and the state of Britain economically and globally. But these terms wouldn't currently be popular, no.","neutral"
"says you, too bad you're totally wrong.","annoyance"
"It’s not that they MAY not become priests, it’s that they CAN not become priests.","neutral"
"I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true","excitement"
"I mean, even happy-in-love, definitely-did-not-settle type couples still get divorced. It can go either way.","disappointment"
"Probably smashed his oil pan too, I'd give that car 3 miles to live.","neutral"
"I love this. It's not always the most exciting things that make for the most amazing feelings 😊","admiration"
"Lovely. You enjoy that train of thought lad.","approval"
"So far, so good","gratitude"
"The Ethical code of conduct. However it's subjective in many instances. But its based on impairment","approval"
"That's what I think of the school that gave AOC a degree in Economics.","approval"
"Happy birthday! Aren't you a bit young for Reddit?","curiosity"
"there's one in between my gym and my work, which is dangerous since I can justify it as just as good as a protein bar...","sadness"
"Thank you! When I have more, I'll post it.","gratitude"
"I just saw a post above this about people getting offended by jokes too easily","neutral"
"I really enjoyed it actually. The world and the monster seemed really cool an original idea.","admiration"
"He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.","annoyance"
"[NAME] was useless, aside from bandaging [NAME] up a bit more than she already did and treating [NAME], name one decision [NAME] has made smartly. ","neutral"
"yes!!! Once I realized my body wasn't wanting as much food i put my self on intermittent fasting and i love it","love"
"TD: "You cant just call everyone you dislike a nazi!" Also TD:","neutral"
"Congrats I’m very happy for your happy ending. Wish you guys many many years of happiness together","gratitude"
"And even then why you think that the only puck should be given to the kid with nicest smile?","curiosity"
"It would definitely suck!!","disgust"
"Mumbling on twitter and r/politics. Also [NAME] is getting annoyed as well. He is mr appropriations after all.","neutral"
"Aww that's so sweet !","excitement"
"Summer Beaver, nice place. ","gratitude"
"Downside of city based police. State level policing is where it's at. Problem on the Gold Coast? Send police from Brisbane.","approval"
"That’s how free market works","neutral"
"Nothing wrong with that! Sounds awesome :)","admiration"
"Yaaaaaas! Also, your username is awesome.","admiration"
"Planning to make a comeback soon™","approval"
"Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product","admiration"
"Guy got the looks","neutral"
"Many of them are actively being courted and convinced by People's Vote activists. You just actively avoid acknowledging that fact.","neutral"
"Just stay tuned. The fix is on the way","neutral"
"Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.","realization"
"I need to hear more stories like this. I've only heard horror stories of the pain with the surgery as an adult.","desire"
"Psst...If no one sees you while eating it, you didn't actually eat it","neutral"
"OP, u/christiangreyisdraco and u/lurkerturndcommenter, thank you for trying to make the point about focus. I appreciate your many attempts!","admiration"
"[NAME] damn, I love astrology despite being the dryest, most scientific person on Earth... Amber the taurus made me lol.","love"
"Now that is a valid opinion unlike your other ones. Unless you didn’t read all of what I said.","approval"
"I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat. ","approval"
"I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;","love"
"Being ugly and confident does not mean you'll do well in dating. You'll just try more.","fear"
"Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!","disappointment"
"Oh [NAME]. someone finally posted something I can't bring myself to finish reading, it's too much","surprise"
"Habs-Flames has always been my dream final. Right our last wrong.","neutral"
"thats some very advanced way of thinking - and I dont think I was able to do that when I was 18","approval"
"Who’s fucking a shark !?","anger"
"It worked with [NAME] and [NAME] I guess. Not so much with [NAME] and [NAME]","neutral"
"Hey, thanks! :)","gratitude"
"What’s so bad about this again? I mean he’s right for the most part.","annoyance"
"Oh what a day! What a lovely day!","admiration"
"Glad she was a good sport about it.","joy"
"Well done, OP. Thanks.","admiration"
"Tour child is a genius, that would be awesome","admiration"
"Feminism Is For Everybody and The Will To Change: Men, Masculinity and Love by bell hooks could be of interest to you both.","optimism"
"Related question: is there a level cap? EDIT: I mean for the account, not the characters.","neutral"
"Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha","amusement"
"Being rich isnt the only way to be successful. The first success to conquer is learning to love and accept ourselves","neutral"
"The judge wasn’t impartial as decided by the appeal court. The judge needs to be schooled.","neutral"
"Did they film Breaking Bad outside this home??","curiosity"
"I like the six nations partly because I get to hear a packed out Murrayfield sing flower of Scotland and that’s always brilliant","admiration"
"They are bad for your body.","disapproval"
"I like the fact that you like it a lot.","desire"
"Been a weeb for yrs and i still cant understand besides a few phrases","confusion"
"This sub is a fucking joke now","anger"
"Should this be tagged nsfw for the knot?","curiosity"
"My Dachshund loves trying to lick my son's mouth when he's laughing. Every single time.","amusement"
"Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.","remorse"
"I’m not signing that 😂 dude can hopefully stay banned","optimism"
"[NAME] literally won the game of baseball that night. Like, go home, we're done, he just won baseball forever.","pride"
"Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.","disapproval"
"It could be, but I hope it's abandoned. I haven't been too impressed with the flash forwards. ","disapproval"
"I miss [NAME].","sadness"
"I would go into the walk-in and curse like a sailor for a minute at full volume then freeze out the offender to the best of my ability.","disappointment"
"They'd probably need to take nutrients by IV until their organs are working normally again. But yes it should be possible to save a starving person","approval"
"in a free society you'd never know if a woman had an abortion, so there's that.","neutral"
"He could have meant that his girlfriend is pregananant like how couples say "we're pregananant"","neutral"
"According to roadcam, everyone stops that far past the stop line and if you say you don't, you're a liar.","annoyance"
"[NAME] man, once again [NAME] proves why is he the L.O.A.T, luckiest of all time","neutral"
"[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.","remorse"
"Btc is a shite coin","neutral"
"I'm British and this has definitely happened to me.. but why is it just [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.","optimism"
"I absolutely did and loved every minute of it. I really do hope it gets more seasons","love"
"Market ≠ Capitalism Just because something operates within the Capitalist system doesn't make it Capitalist. Just because [NAME] was (supposedly) elected didn't make him democratic","disapproval"
"Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I don’t mess something up?","gratitude"
"I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!","gratitude"
"He sees you when you’re tweeting, He knows that you’re a fake, He knows that you love [NAME] So resign for goodness sake. ","realization"
"Thanks, never heard that one.","gratitude"
"It's been over a decade since consoles decided to mandate wireless controllers and I'm still annoyed by it.","annoyance"
"She looks late 30s. She’s gorgeous.","admiration"
"Her septum is crooked I'm hoping from the chain to her ear, but it's super irritating and I wanna snatch it out her face.","annoyance"
"how blurry this photo is r/mildlyinfuriating","approval"
"Coming from [NAME] who is addicted to Facebook. Thanks Facebook!","neutral"
"I guess not, thanks for clearing it up mate","gratitude"
"Here did you know that [NAME] slept with 35,000 women. Outrageous.","curiosity"
"An innie?","neutral"
"Lol valid question, but yes. We've been using the bf and gf terminology for about 5 months.","amusement"
"My rabbit had one just like this before she passed. I hope the animal is okay.","neutral"
"Close to the meat.","neutral"
"Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try","annoyance"
"How do I do this exactly? I am trying to go the less texting the better route but she initiates the contact.","neutral"
"Mongoose actually mate for life, and he can't leave his girl behind!","neutral"
"Go hang out with some friends","neutral"
"Dawg, turn on the volume and smash that screen record button. too easy.","neutral"
"You bomb them and they come your way 'cause you're a real winner!/s","neutral"
"I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever","gratitude"
"AM I BEING DETAINED?","neutral"
"Sounds pretty optimistic... I'll believe it when I see it!","admiration"
"Yep, minimizing massively","approval"
"Just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in...","neutral"
"There’s no PR firm in the world that could change her image, especially when she keeps creating fake accounts and being mean to people. ","disapproval"
"Sexy Unique Podcast (SUP) for all your VPR needs!","neutral"
"I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker","love"
"No one cares","neutral"
"Good to know ED either doesn’t affect this guy or he’s projecting hard because it’s the worst thing he can try to handle","joy"
"Yeah for sure, they're too smart to go to class anyway, they've got time.","admiration"
"I wish this image stop being reposted for 18 million years.","neutral"
"This comment right here, officer, provoked the murder.","neutral"
"I’m not crying. Nope, no tears over here! ","disapproval"
"They were pretty cool in, like, 2010, but then everyone seemed to realize that you could write on the wipeboard with the same effect. ","realization"
"Never doubt the crazy can get cranked up, as they say, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.","optimism"
"I'd say Rick and Morty fans. I'm a fan of both but I feel that Rick and Morty fans take everything way more seriously.","neutral"
"I do hate fortnite dances","disapproval"
"Ahh gotcha - thanks :)","gratitude"
"To be fair, spinners are supposed to be very small pornstars, not BBW like trump.","desire"
"No it was a joke","realization"
"Omg I love it","admiration"
"No wonder why their logo always looks pissed","disapproval"
"[NAME]: "S that D! Shut it down!"","neutral"
"Mama [NAME] is not gonna be happy","optimism"
"Imagine buying a product, then burning it in protest ","neutral"
"Damn you have a lot of alts. :D","excitement"
"No justice with a cop's bullet in your head","neutral"
"Watching a friend go through her wedding made me decide to marry at city hall. I wanted a marriage, but not a wedding. ","desire"
"[NAME] was not a candidate in the presidential election.","neutral"
"Ehhh he got played so hard on the [NAME] vs [NAME] situation in 2017. Lost credibility after that for me","disappointment"
"Yep...and they regret it. I hope you stay together!","remorse"
"This live thing is so bad that i just poured a tall glass of scotch on a work night because there’s an hour left.","annoyance"
"Praying yea hope so","approval"
"Ayyyyyyyyyy. Fellow INTP-er!","neutral"
"Block her.","anger"
"HIT OR MISS","neutral"
"LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright. ","amusement"
"I also got this on a different account, but I have no clue why! Does anyone know?","confusion"
"I think he meant shinobi slide","neutral"
"Can someone please explain why is it illegal and where? Never heard of this before !","gratitude"
"[NAME] and [NAME]? High five on the cheers tho","joy"
"I go by Ms., but my kids will call me Miss, Mrs. occasionally Mr., and it doesn't really bug me","neutral"
"It was eaten by a Photoshop coyote. Adobe support is your only hope.","optimism"
"I’m just here trying to figure out what trumps head weasel is doing in that picture...","curiosity"
"Biggest Welfare Queen in the world!","admiration"
"Made me laugh, tbh.","amusement"
"I was hoping for a new album surprise came out of nowhere when i saw the notification.","optimism"
"I see you're a new fan, enjoy your stay!","joy"
"It would be really bad for relations between the two cities if we took Memphis' NBA team.","disapproval"
"COME TO BUTTHEAD","neutral"
"I love having a deep bench, and being able to have really solid players step in when we have injuries. [NAME] was solid.","admiration"
"Should you choose to have kids, you're going to make a good parent one day.","admiration"
"A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K let’s goooo","excitement"
"It's so easy. Fill out the form and email it in. No bother.","neutral"
"Haha hopefully, that'd be good for his morale. I just wanna beat the Knicks tonight honestly. ","desire"
"If you are eating a whole bloomin onion once a week thats also a pretty big you problem.","disapproval"
"It's like calling a snake a "danger noodle" or a hedgehog an "ouchy mouse". It's just like a silly thing","neutral"
"i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)","neutral"
"I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.","disapproval"
"This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.","sadness"
"Eat the apple butthole first. It's the best way to eat the apple.","admiration"
"Devastating and true.","annoyance"
"Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!","fear"
"You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.","neutral"
"WHAT IS HAPPENING","curiosity"
"Mammy ah fargat me passpart ah have te go down te rowckets and get a canny coke for wan fofty hi","neutral"
"[NAME] from HR is drinking again guys..","neutral"
"Lips are the key to crumb containment.","neutral"
"> Thank you president [NAME] for providing us with meme material that will last a week! I think you mean 5 more years.","gratitude"
"This is what it's like to have a heart attack in the Cars universe.","realization"
"Oh cool, the new sign is up :) ","relief"
"It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.","annoyance"
"Lol good talk","amusement"
"Have a good night, mate!","neutral"
"I got them, stagediving out the nosebleeds!","neutral"
"Please provide some receipts! I believe you and can totally see this happening!","gratitude"
"Jokes on you..he's in cahoots with the guy at Oxford...","joy"
"I am just afraid the Pistons front office, specifically [NAME] overvalues [NAME] and says no to this.","fear"
"Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.","caring"
"I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.","love"
"Oh of course!","surprise"
"and as soon as I said ni IPAD tonight, I was like GIRL what the fresh hell is tonight gonna bring! ","sadness"
"Started feeling smug about my short showers but then remembered just how small my water heater is.","amusement"
"The whole world is anti-trump minus a few poorly educated people in the south.","approval"
"Welcome to the Just Cause experience","neutral"
"You are an amazingly strong person!","admiration"
"Luckily every elevator would be broken at all times.","joy"
"Yea, a doctor that diagnoses based on how healthy a patient looks isn’t qualified for professional work as a doctor","neutral"
"it is not so simple. lacking hormones makes things difficult to deal with when they otherwise would be bearable.","fear"
"Some great advice right here!!!!!! I forgot about this","admiration"
"But seriously, you're probably going to feel very sick ","caring"
"I agree. But shooting him left me feeling bad too.","sadness"
"Good lord, totally missed that. What a croc.","disappointment"
"Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;","remorse"
"Where’s the bar on this canoe?","confusion"
"People on the other side want you dead no matter why you are there.","neutral"
"Didn't even notice until you *pointed* it out. I had a bit of a giggle.","excitement"
"Please never let this die.","gratitude"
"Don’t be getting notions","neutral"
"I go “thank you very much, come agaaain”. /s and I’m Indian","gratitude"
"What? Can anyone fill me in I’m confused lol","confusion"
"[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out","annoyance"
"What no one in the history of time has ever recovered from a bad first date? Hard pass on this anecdotal evidence.","embarrassment"
"He was aggrieved that people didn’t recognize him and recognized steroid users instead.","anger"
"Pistons need more picks and less aging players. Get as many picks as possible and hope to get lucky.","optimism"
"Shhhhh you are devastating their argument. You might trigger them. It’s the only trigger they love.","anger"
"While you were pickling your okra, i was *pickling my brain* ...waitaminute","neutral"
"Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.","nervousness"
"It's ok, it's been posted a lot lately ","approval"
"Seems like it’s very hard for her to laugh... I think it may physically hurt her face.","neutral"
"Is it bad if I didnt even know he was on waivers....","neutral"
"The day I die is the day I'm happy","desire"
"> always ahead of everyone else!","neutral"
"That's why you gotta pump that charisma stat to the max. 😉","neutral"
"Very suspicious...","disapproval"
"I wake up with a smile knowing that there are almost 5 billion WHAMEN to RESPECC in the world","neutral"
"feel like i could describe my thoughts as very noisy sometimes, but my thoughts doesn't really have a voice or noise ","realization"
"Stop laughing at me.","anger"
"He's an adorable person.","admiration"
"Not possible to change da truth","approval"
"...holy crap.","surprise"
"You can assume he means in the 5 man at least in terms of how the matchup takes place.","neutral"
"It'd be easier not to do it at all. I don't think it's meant to be easy.","disapproval"
"The beetles are under rated millenials dont know what the 60s were if they listened to the beagles they world understand","neutral"
"look how the Islanders didn't let us get a good shot there do that devils defense","neutral"
"“Notice how nobody has a phone in their hand” It’s almost like mobile phones weren’t fully developed back in 2009","neutral"
"For some reason I can't reply to [NAME], but also for the neysayers:","disappointment"
"We don't have this problem where I live, we use Torrents ","approval"
"Well he gets an A+ for fackin over the people!","admiration"
"[NAME] 31m contract is horrendous, I hated it when he signed it and I hate it now.","anger"
"Scenes like these are what make me wish I could forget the entire show at will. So I can watch and enjoy them all over again.","joy"
"Cat call girls on thebstreet, but get pissed when its done to his sister.","neutral"
"Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye","neutral"
"But we’re talking about some lady that obviously looks older and is far above the age of 21. Not a minor.","neutral"
"As a person that regularly down votes people that repost front age gifs, I will award you an upvote because this makes me laugh every time.","amusement"
"And still our government is not responsible enough to pay its bills. It's rather pathetic.","anger"
"Must've been some damn good fries...","desire"
"Her meal looks pretty good...","admiration"
"Mmh, I love the smell of thought policing in the morning. ","love"
"Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!","joy"
"That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.","fear"
"Thank you. I have never seen the word typed in that way before.","gratitude"
"women just don't take initiative just give her one more opportunity after all as you said she flaked for legit shit","caring"
"You have to put food on the table, so take the job you need to do so. Look for others while working to find the right job.","neutral"
"I will! Thanks!","gratitude"
"No, they build their team the right way so they won't be trading for our "crap". We can dream though. ","gratitude"
"It was [NAME] thank you very much, than I'd go to wumpscut. ","gratitude"
"And whatever other slowness and rootkits etc may come with Epic. I still havent forgotten Sonys bullshit or how resource hogging Origin was","disapproval"
"I'm on my third marriage. And it's been 26 years now. Sometimes a man's gotta do what a man does.","neutral"
"Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.","disapproval"
"I love his reaction. "That was amazing"","admiration"
"[NAME] was nowhere near them, he was by the Falcon. ","neutral"
"[NAME] engagement photo shoot This is the best she has ever looked in my opinion. HAWT!","admiration"
"I got your back. I love you ❤️","love"
"For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.","neutral"
"I'd rather have [NAME]. Killing her off was a waste.","approval"
"Super wet board.. “this feels like a set” What? 😒","curiosity"
"I have no confidence to boost","disappointment"
"This is so wholesome I love it","admiration"
"He looks like some super imposed [NAME] face (from dumb and dumber) onto a kneecap.","gratitude"
"I think I love you mate😂","neutral"
"her in the causing a commotion lsfyl is one of the best lip-sync performances in s8 change my mind","admiration"
"The sick stomach feeling should pass in an hour or two, good luck friend!","approval"
"But terrible people is my "type"","surprise"
"Thanks. Though tbh I think some 3D characters, [NAME] etc could fit in. Though they might be some unlockable characters hidden maybe. ","gratitude"
"You got this bro!!!!","excitement"
"Is that her phone in her back pocket?","neutral"
"It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!","admiration"
"I watched that game while coming down from a shrooms trip. [NAME] was magic. Still wear his jersey to shinny :D","amusement"
"This franchise has been breaking my heart longer than you've been alive. Awesome.","admiration"
"😭I don’t doubt it. He deserves all the love too.","admiration"
"The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind","approval"
"It's pretty stupid honestly. [NAME] clearly pointed a bug and people are saying "oh, it's a feature". ...seriously now.","annoyance"
"Sure, but no reason to assume that person has only ever heard "polyam" and not "poly" and would use one over the other.","neutral"
"Oh right I was for reason thinking it was just made out with. Sleep with is even better. Sleep with [NAME], [NAME]! ","neutral"
"Well stop drinking bovine growth hormone then.","disapproval"
"I bet everyone is commenting hoping to get plat or gold......i dont blame them","approval"
"But "questioning" overwhelming evidence presented with a comprehensive explanation without any sort of counterargument is perhaps better called *denying*.","neutral"
"Nice try, bot!","admiration"
"Another sick burn! You're fun when you're wrong.","neutral"
"I'm sorry for your loss. Also send a Mass card.","caring"
"Da real MVP","neutral"
"Where is the best place for me to sell belt buckles, expensive watches, rings etc","curiosity"
">ribs My condolences on your loss.","sadness"
"Dennis day. I wanna see what the [NAME] would put the Gang through.","desire"
"When you didn't get a chance to play yesterday and only have 5 minutes before the tier skip ends","neutral"
"This not the first or second mistake by VAR against us.There was even an wrong offside against us some games ago and they didn't checked it.","neutral"
"He forgot the most important law : Everyone can be stupid, and everyone will be at some point. Although he does illustrate it very well with his article.","admiration"
"I have that problem myself sometimes.","neutral"
"Nah. Enjoy your free food","caring"
"I'll chase you till the ends of the eaaaaarth, Shooooooooooooooooooooooooooocker!!!!!!!","anger"
"You'd look like that too if you just saw Snagglepuss going to the bathroom.","neutral"
"Rapists can have parental rights in some states, assuming they find him.","embarrassment"
"FFS, there is a [NAME]?!?!? Seemed really qualified for that county job. So glad to see this family go downhill....","admiration"
"is your friend.","neutral"
"I've never heard [NAME] complain about *post*-marital sex. So after you get a divorce, tear off your clothes and indulge your lusts!","neutral"
"thanks for the recap","gratitude"
"The internet never disappoints.","approval"
"No, not sarcastically :) ","joy"
"No I am still friends with the person I value his friendship he can just be...judgy?","neutral"
"The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.","anger"
"Sounds like he wants to strongly pretend he's not paying for sex.","neutral"
"Parents drugging their kids to prove a point. I love it.","admiration"
"Boy what an accomplishment, so proud!","pride"
"That’s very unfortunate for the bosses. Capitalism sure does commit genocide. Ireland. India. Indonesia. Vietnam. Iraq. Should I name more?","annoyance"
"I’m going to say it. Those films are mostly over rated. Boring same old tame CGI stuff every time.","annoyance"
"The aints can lick my bum hole.","annoyance"
"You guys look so amazing, even the pipe is making a jealous look... or maybe i'm just going blind from the cuteness.","admiration"
"[NAME].","neutral"
"♥ thanks for understanding","gratitude"
"i want to see more [NAME] backcourt action. I don't wanna see [NAME] shooting right now.","optimism"
"Edgey poke, but no thanks.","neutral"
"On [NAME], the allegations and the final result were very different. If I recall most of the complaints substance was rejected or disproven.","neutral"
"What?! I am level 20 and I already had 4. I did 5 hide outs in total not counting the tutorial hide out.","realization"
"Intelligence is to know the difference between MB and Mbps. Wisdom is to not be a cunt about it.","neutral"
"I havent done a full rewatch since the finale. I think I might be ready","confusion"
"A Pulitzer Prize winning journalist wrote the piece. It is still not clear exactly what was “inaccurate” in the article.","confusion"
"This sub doesn’t like the pro sports teams until they win a championship. Then everyone becomes a die hard fan.","annoyance"
"That’s a sweet hoodie","admiration"
"I mean, they called you ugly either way. It's not like they change their mind if you don't take the money.","annoyance"
"It doesn't, really.","neutral"
"This truly is the best a man can get.","admiration"
"She was walking like that shoe was up her butt at the club. So tacky and just nah.","disgust"
"I’m so sorry :/ always happens to the ones who deserve it the least. feel better♥️","relief"
"There's not enough salt in the world for her!","disapproval"
"Please do!","caring"
"Merrily merrily merrily merrily something something scream... (I am not creative)","excitement"
"I mean, it could work. I might be enticed by a slightly less ugly lady. ","optimism"
"She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.","relief"
"Every single time a person has demanded to see an MD rather than me I have appreciated the dodged bullet. It's never fun for the physician.","admiration"
"Oh man. I feel so bad for her, but am morbidly curious at the same time. Got more pics? ","curiosity"
"That's because it's called LATCH here and most people just call them "car seat anchors". Maybe that's why...","approval"
"Yeah I could definitely see that, which is sad.","approval"
"BUT 3 MILLION VOTES!","surprise"
"Really? I could've sworn I've seen people disabling comments on certain posts before..","neutral"
"mvp REALLY cares about your time spent dead and azmo usually doesnt die","caring"
"Great thanks for the advice!","gratitude"
"GSC is my strain and I want to try some legal stuff but dear lord, $82.","neutral"
"Thanks, I wouldn't have noticed the car without it.","gratitude"
"I really like Funhaus","love"
"10/10 reading. I don't care if it happened this way or not. I was sufficiently entertained!","approval"
"Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.","anger"
"I love [NAME] as well! He seems like a genuinely nice celebrity","admiration"
"I'm crying right now, I don't know why. Doesn't even make me feel anything. ","confusion"
"RemindMe!","neutral"
"Vamos [NAME], keep fighting! ","admiration"
"Oh lol, source? Just interested to see what changed his mind","amusement"
"So what is then, the race of western peoples? You're treading in very problematic territory friend","caring"
"Don't torture yourself like that.","disapproval"
"Humans are complex beings that we don't as people still don't understand completely. That is why.","disappointment"
"wasn’t it just reported that the [NAME] report will be “anticlimactic?” Don’t like [NAME], I’m just keeping it real.","neutral"
"I certainly got what I asked for. Thanks. DI mixups are so cool.","gratitude"
"haha. I think he means this in a good way. Just poorly verbalized.","amusement"
"I don’t know but I think they at least have foil inside, I remember seeing you could hack one into an antenna.","optimism"
"Maybe they think they’re attractive. Some people are oblivious until proven otherwise.","neutral"
"Holy crap goddam! I'm giving morty an A in math","annoyance"
"Yes. The citizen received no “direct benefit or gain”. This is being looked at like someone paying for our lunch.","neutral"
"I honestly never heard about the furniture. Goes to show how much was made of it.","neutral"
"I am and have dealt with the consequences, hence my amazing son. Like I said before, hopefully you don't procreate.","admiration"
"He killed... YOUNGLINGS","neutral"
"Believe it or not, but I saw that he's a college instructor now","surprise"
"If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.","amusement"
"Eat it raw. No vitamins for purple hair head with butterflies tattoos. Sucka","neutral"
"What did it say?","curiosity"
"Goddamn it...","neutral"
"Trust your gut","optimism"
"It's not about not understanding it's that you're wrong. It's sexual assault. Rape = person being penetrated. You've been shown multiple definitions.","neutral"
"I play until madden comes out, play mut until I get burnt out then go back to mlb when it comes out ","approval"
"Well, the [NAME] should help us out, the reason we are in this political mess is because we detained a person for them. ","realization"
"Well, my upcoming adverts are going to be interesting!","excitement"
"I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history","neutral"
"The people who say "He/she doesn't owe you an explanation" have a skewed perception in my opinion and may even be people who enable such behavior. ","annoyance"
"Yes, you do live in a clown world, laugh it up, degenerate.","amusement"
"Oh for sure. Sometimes I wonder if they are actually harming there cause with the over the top hypocrisy the newcomers seem to see it quite quickly.","surprise"
"And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...","neutral"
"Daddy Patches!","neutral"
"Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(","annoyance"
"Sorry to hear that","caring"
"Yeah, a 'bungle' given how scummy Restaurant Brands has been known to be. ","disgust"
"Someone who evidently doesn’t really know much about football or doesn’t do a simple google search before posting.","disapproval"
"Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.","caring"
"Sold car almost two years ago.... no regrets and quality of life has actually improved.","approval"
"Probably smashed his oil pan too, I'd give that car 3 miles to live.","sadness"
"Maybe they are jealous that you found happiness.","neutral"
"It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately). ","remorse"
"So very sweet! Brotherly love","joy"
"you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage","disgust"
"Political affiliations has only little correlation to individual intellectual ability","neutral"
"I actually laughed at this","amusement"
"Well good for you man. Enjoy :)","admiration"
"Just got home from school. How are we doing","neutral"
"That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.","joy"
"Does she hate the men in her family too? O.O","confusion"
"Took me way too long.","annoyance"
"Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!","excitement"
"I honestly can't remember how many things ended up in my hair for this very reason. Break out the peanut butter and conditioner, OP.","caring"
"That's crazy. Glad you got your money back though!","joy"
"Holy shit it actually did... how","curiosity"
""Don't make me count to 3! 1...2...TREE!"","neutral"
"Then stop arresting them for shooting at thieves","caring"
"to 6:30. Does that look fake to you?","curiosity"
"Well stop drinking bovine growth hormone then.","neutral"
"It has no value, it's just a representative of it like all other money.","approval"
"[NAME] IS girl number 3","neutral"
"Me and my brother were both born and raised in SC but both our parents are from MI. So we were raised fans from the beginning","joy"
"C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], "I how how you can throw down" HAHAHA!!! ","amusement"
"THIS. Thank you for this.","gratitude"
"For some reason I read that in [NAME]' voice lmao","neutral"
"The only one to really be sad about losing is [NAME] tbh","sadness"
"Yeah my kid bought it too at a book fair. $40!!! But it's a pretty damn clever book.","admiration"
"[NAME] probably won’t like that lol","amusement"
"I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME","neutral"
"I once went outside with my eyes open, it was way too intense for me.","love"
"Anarchist to cop: "Stop beating people!" Cop: "Stop imposing your morality on me, you lifestylist!"","neutral"
"Bad execution but it made me smile through the cringe. The sentiment is definitely relatable.","approval"
"Paying respects?","curiosity"
"I’m sorry but I don’t think you do","disapproval"
"On the plus side, at least you don’t waste alcohol and wake up hungover as hell at the Lions expense. ","optimism"
"Wow you really can’t handle losing can you?","curiosity"
"At least things are looking up with the next generation. That optimism sits in stark contrast to this news.","optimism"
"Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.","surprise"
"That little smile at the end is exactly why she looks fun.","admiration"
"Look [NAME] is here "Where the fuck was he an hour ago, gary, where!?"","anger"
"I had my YouTube set to 1.25x speed and didn't notice until I watched this so thanks","gratitude"
"Just leave already","neutral"
"Prove what point? That you don’t know how to read? I’m confused.","confusion"
"She sends it to her tinder dates as proof of identity. Edit: maybe grinderdates or something else. I don't want to descriminate against ANY sex-dating app.","neutral"
"I like this idea.","approval"
"Beautiful. I really hope some justice is brought to these people.","admiration"
"Wear some cool shades in your pics and play up your good qualities in your bio. If you’re funny and/or confident, really own it.","caring"
"Sorry I meant the participants","neutral"
"Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.","realization"
"Duct tape your eyes and you won't have to see anything ever again!","neutral"
"DAMN!!!","anger"
"Two goals that are directly the fault of the our defense? I feel bad for [NAME]","disappointment"
"Thank you for advice!!","gratitude"
"I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.","love"
"Canadian [NAME] here to disagree with you. Politely. Sorry.","disapproval"
"Does southern miss have another gunslinging qb with a funny name?","curiosity"
"#PLAY [NAME] I miss that :( baseball plz come back","sadness"
"Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection","disappointment"
"That’s so scummy, I’m hoping the pepperoni just slid down? ","optimism"
"Survival of the toughest.","embarrassment"
"Currently sure, but the idea is to have a group of educated [NAME] ready to steer the inevitable civil unrest that Capitalism will bring, towards Socialism.","approval"
"I know how it feels. I’m just too Anxious to sleep.","nervousness"
"This one is sad but also very good","admiration"
"The reason most people don't get the joke is because it's such a bad one, that they think that it's not meant to be one.","neutral"
"HOW DARE YOU!!","anger"
"All good brother","joy"
"Well first, im against government period, and second im conveying this under a layer of satire to make the ideas spread more easily","disapproval"
"At least the bodies decompose. That plastics gonna be there a while.","disappointment"
"Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there","neutral"
"If she loves the place she’s at why leave? There’s something to be said for that. Idk your all’s financial situation tho","joy"
"I'm surprised he hasn't already. He was charged on Dec. 31st but his name was only released yesterday.","surprise"
"People done be ignorant","disapproval"
"And shockz isn’t? And he wouldn’t be too much of a threat for... fuck I forgot who’s on rec honestly","neutral"
"This is so infuriating.","anger"
"Well I was balding at 22 so I didn't have choice lol","annoyance"
"This only makes me want him more. Proves he is decisive and has self belief. Our team has been devoid of both.","neutral"
"Ok you're a little homophobic","disgust"
"I was hoping you could. :)","neutral"
"Congratulations on your relationship! I got a girlfriend too! She is imaginary right now but hopefully she will materialize soon enough!","admiration"
"[NAME] gets no love.","annoyance"
"I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.","approval"
"I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.","annoyance"
"Conservative is massively brigaded on an hourly basis. Unfortunately, it requires strict moderation or else it is unreadable.","disappointment"
"I'm going to use "my dicky has to perpetually get sticky" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!","joy"
"Wow! I've never heard of a celebrity doing something so nice","admiration"
"Maybe we’re on a secret real life version of Dinner for Schmucks?","confusion"
"[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?","approval"
"This and the Minneapolis miracle; I've never had so much pure uncontrolled emotion pour out of my body!","neutral"
"This is truly the most captivating trilogy I’ve ever read. Eager to read the third story.","admiration"
"I too cuddle with this guy’s sister in law if his wife is tired","neutral"
"It is a very common verbal tic among tri-state Italian-American women of that generation and older. It takes me back to my old babysitter so vividly.","realization"
"I love this reply.","love"
"Kindly shut your pie hole.","anger"
"Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!","anger"
"I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.","neutral"
"When I first saw the title I thought someone was asking for you to become pregnant with their baby","neutral"
"Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow. ","anger"
"Entering the race is not about winning. It’s about increasing name recognition.","neutral"
"[NAME] still has the most TDs, as a receiver, this season out of anyone... He needs to chill.","neutral"
"If [NAME] wins, we won't see him until WrestleMania lol.","excitement"
"I’m not waiting for help, I’m constantly trying to fix it myself but it would be nice if [NAME] help came","desire"
"Tonight the phoenix named [NAME] will rise from the ashes of last season. The last few games was just him poking his head out.","annoyance"
"MORE OF THAT PLEASE NORMAN!!!","neutral"
"Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.","admiration"
"That arena announcer is irritating.","annoyance"
"Probably stop school shootings hehe","amusement"
"can't tell if trolling or retarded. i think both","neutral"
"We’re playing well, except for a 2 minute stretch. As is tradition","admiration"
"how the absolute fuck did black panther get nominated for best picture? its marvel action schlock at its worst. blackkklansman on the other hand is a great movie","anger"
"[NAME] was our second best hitter, [NAME] was the best","admiration"
"What happend? I dont get this video. Is there any sense in it or just some random talking?","neutral"
"This made me snort while laughing. Well done!","amusement"
"Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. 💕","joy"
"> i find it very dog-like and adorable :) I find it very monster-like and terrifying :|","admiration"
"Nice! I haven’t listened to them or Tool in so long. Will def be getting back into them now.","annoyance"
"Yeah but then C diff turns into the hulk and then we’re REALLY screwed","neutral"
"Sure you can. A class of preschoolers can be replaced by their parents in the space of four years.","approval"
"No problem if you want further reading there is dedicated forums out there for punting.","neutral"
"I had 'tacos de cabeza' in Mexico — \x62\x65\x65\x66 head. All sorts of interesting bits like cheek, tongue, brain. Delicious. ","admiration"
"Good luck.","neutral"
"I have never noticed dread doing shady stuff. Dream, well, duh.","confusion"
"I wondered what'd happen if I was away for too long from camp. So cool this happens","approval"
"As opposed to becoming a U.S. citizen the illegal way?","neutral"
"I do that too. I just feel oddly uncomfortable when I'm doing a task and there's no noise in the background.","disappointment"
"Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud","approval"
">!This really crushed my soul!<","sadness"
"Cheers to that, girl. 🥂 ","amusement"
"I could change [NAME], she need me in her life","love"
"Entire planet should be good","approval"
"Damn if we could beat the Spurs ~~reserves~~ that would be great","neutral"
"Thoughts and Prayers... Go get fucked, fascist redneck scum!","anger"
"That seems appropriate. The referendum was a Tory idea aimed at solving an internal Tory party issue.","approval"
"Ah yes you cant forget [NAME] vs the ra","neutral"
"You beat me to it!","neutral"
"Listening to his speeches are truly moving!","neutral"
"I'm at work right now and its going to start snowing before I leave. I drive an MR2. Thoughts and prayers please.","neutral"
"I’m sorry he’s treating people this way. You will find even greater and less costly bliss!","sadness"
"BOOO THIS WAS RIGGED","neutral"
"I always wondered what turned the deer albino. Must have been from fright.","surprise"
"Looks like Big trouble in Little China","nervousness"
"Right! I pictured my kids and my oldest would probably MAYBE try once to show the little one.","approval"
"I noticed that too! Lol it's bugging me.","annoyance"
"Congrats!! If you don’t mind me asking: what country?","excitement"
"So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.","gratitude"
"I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.","love"
"I will happily convert to [RELIGION] if I can quit my job and have unlimited food. Please tell me how to accomplish this","gratitude"
"Nah, according to OPs limited post history, he's a pedophile. ","anger"
"Are you confessing to not being able to understand what this sub is about?","confusion"
"As I’ve said in other comments, the increase in the cost of carbon makes it regressive. The rebates make them progressive.","neutral"
"Is it barely going to start or did it already happen?","neutral"
"[NAME] is such a doofus. It's awesome","amusement"
"Thanks man!","gratitude"
"Hey mate, just know that if you need someone to talk to, I'm ready to listen. Hope things will get better for you, anyway. ","optimism"
"Wow, the menacing head shake...(shivers) ","surprise"
"No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!","disgust"
"You do not get my math? Because my comment and your comment are saying the same thing; women over 45 probably do not want bio kids.","annoyance"
"That’s what’s it’s called or what SHE’S called?🤣","confusion"
"Fuck yeah dude. I need pizza now also. The beer and bourbon are flowing nicely. Cheers and happy New year","desire"
"Yay, coming out is hard, you're lucky that they didnt avoid you for the next month, I'm happy for you","relief"
"It's the "boyfriend around school haha jk" thing that makes it weird.","amusement"
"I'm a fan from Oregon and listen to KFANN alot. If PA i sucks so much what do locals listen to?","annoyance"
"You’re right. Thanks so much, appreciate it. ","approval"
"The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’","annoyance"
"Saying that men have it more difficult in certain scenarios doesn't mean that men have it easier than women in all circumstances. That's ridiculous.","annoyance"
"He's not putting you first though, is he? It's his family first. That needs to be addressed.","neutral"
"I like it so far I’d heard of it ages ago just never got round to watching it.","surprise"
"My god he looks so different without a scowl or smirk on his face! He looks genuinely happy","excitement"
"It's very r/thathappened","neutral"
"None. If she has insecurities, I latch onto them like a barnacle.","neutral"
"Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.","joy"
"I never thought it was at the same moment, but sometimes after [NAME] sacrifice... sounds logical","confusion"
"It's incredible how much pain a single reddit post can send through my body","admiration"
"I know, I know, but CAN YOU BLAME ME FOR BEING NERVOUS","nervousness"
"I downloaded this album yesterday, and love it!","approval"
"If guys like that are your only option, you may be better off single...","annoyance"
"Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.","anger"
"We don't deserves horses","disapproval"
"Unless you have actual ADHD lol. But I think this was mostly meant to be funny","amusement"
"The United States","neutral"
"You need to lable your factors or else this is indecipherable.","neutral"
"I used to think smh stands for 'somehow' until I finally googled it. smh","neutral"
"If that's not illegal it should be.","optimism"
"It’s mostly because PAX is this week and a lot of players and GMs were off doing that . The game store was super supportive.","neutral"
"I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.","admiration"
"[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].","anger"
"The transit will be rapid until it, too, becomes bogged down by stops on every other block.","neutral"
"FUCKKNG PLEASE 🙏🙏🙏","anger"
"I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.","desire"
"I was actually introduced to hbomb and breadtube in general Becuase of [NAME] vid on ds2. So thanks [NAME]?","gratitude"
"A lot of kids at my school say Homecoming is the best but I would say Spider-Man 2 is.","disapproval"
"Confound your toll Troll!","neutral"
"No, he isn't. The last 3 years he's averaged .261 .323 .473 .797 with a 102 OPS+ That's barely league average.","neutral"
"Lmao we really tried that again","approval"
"im sure she does and she just doesn't want right wing people/white people to have a gun.","approval"
"In doing so, they gave humanity a cinematic treasure for the ages. ","admiration"
"I feel extremely bad for people in this thread who are in any way shape or form relying on the federal government to improve their situation.","neutral"
"Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.","fear"
"A sorry lot","caring"
"Beatin’, bangin’, ‘n’ scratchin’ - [NAME] and the andrews sisters","neutral"
"I’ve seen him on the facebook page! Thank you!","gratitude"
"Can't believe the IDF official account posted a doctored image clearly knocked up on paint in 30 seconds","disapproval"
"I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.","admiration"
"Hahaha thanks. I didnt notice the spelling dammit. Edited now.","amusement"
"[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3","admiration"
"Oh hi bot","neutral"
"They can lock the doors all they want, unless they have the child locks turned on there's nothing stopping me from unlocking the door. ","neutral"
"Sounds like he's lying to you both. You probably would have a lot of heart ache if you continue to be involved with this one.","neutral"
"So much effort for such terrible person!","annoyance"
"I'm surprised that this is still happening despite the threats of an invasion of manbij.","surprise"
"Thank you for the new obsession.","gratitude"
"You’re amazing thank you so much!! :)","admiration"
"`too many to be a little late streaks of the other two were going out for lunch at 9 pm to do the same.","neutral"
"So juicy i'm surprised the man from Del Monte isn't knocking at his door.","surprise"
"Thanks for being a brave troop, comrade. [NAME] annoys the shit out of me too.","admiration"
"aaand it's time for the refs to take over the game again","approval"
"Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.","gratitude"
"It's kind of worrying that you genuinely believe that left-wing people are actively trying to destroy their own country. Approaching USA levels of ridiculous viewpoints.","nervousness"
"AFTER TEN THOUSAND YEARS I'M FREE","relief"
"You said you were wearing protection! "I was wearing my armor!"","neutral"
"Not cameo, reference sorry","remorse"
"Isn't this the game that is PS4 as well?","neutral"
"I love salty popcorn. and sweet and salty popcorn. and tomato and worcestershire sauce popcorn. and chocolate popcorn... I'm just a fan of popcorn =D","neutral"
"It's as though it all melts away the moment you realize it's not true.","neutral"
"[NAME] is super happy. Nice.","admiration"
"Do you really want to bring up the Menstrual Blood Baking again? Because shit like this is how it comes up again.","annoyance"
"Honest question, what happens to Red if they don't make the league ? They're in America and surely that can't be cheap ","confusion"
"For the people and finding out how they end up? Sure. Other than that, it’s not great. Frustrating at best. ","anger"
"My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires","grief"
"That slightly yellow tint of the water after boiling.","neutral"
"oh I relate. I’ve spent many a hour on that game (;; . _ .)","approval"
"That can be a perfect gift for a [NAME]. Amazing work !!","admiration"
"I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.","excitement"
"The title is a lie. I dislike what the APA is doing as much as anyone else, but how bout we dont sensationalize it.","neutral"
"This a very obvious joke. Also the old facepalm picture doesn't make your post better.","amusement"
"Wow, again? You deleted and reposted it after I called you out not even 5 minutes ago! #desperate","surprise"
"What do you mean when you say picking a side of history","neutral"
"I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.","neutral"
"Is diy crafts getting ready to go to jail? 'cause these are some jail life hacks.","neutral"
"I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].","neutral"
"Here's my [NAME]. and [NAME] in front of our tree :)","joy"
"There kinda funny","amusement"
"[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.","disappointment"
"Difference between city and rural. In Toronto, if you indicate there's no way anyone's going to let you in. Signals show weakness.","neutral"
"You can thank [NAME] for that. He wouldn't commit to taking [NAME]. He wanted to play for [NAME]. He shunned uncertainty, not the Jets.","gratitude"
"Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.","love"
"That poor girl who said she'd help out is about to get a surprise when she finds out she has to pay for the coffee.","realization"
"She’s got time to clap back cause she left the gig early huh?","curiosity"
"I might have exaggerated a bit for comedic purpose. I'm sorry. I'll edit it in.","gratitude"
"it’s happened before?! love my hometown of beautiful new ken 😂😂","curiosity"
"Did you play Origins? I absolutely loved it, I’ve had reservations on getting Odyssey and I missed the sale on Xbox.","curiosity"
"I heard the ostrich was sick.","sadness"
"I thought it was very good. The guy was one sick bastard that’s for sure.","admiration"
"“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.","annoyance"
"Not to worry. He'll gets his bats.","neutral"
"Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy","caring"
"[NAME] is cheaper too. If we would have kept [NAME] we would have had to extend him to over $4mil.","neutral"
"wasn't aware of that sub, and wow ... that's one crazy racist cesspool!","admiration"
"i cant i have asthma","disappointment"
"May live in Florida, but [NAME], NJ born and raised!!","neutral"
"So the [NAME] invading an even whiter Westeros full of [NAME]?","curiosity"
"They just made an ad that made men out to be some sort of deranged sub-human, incapable of understanding right and wrong","confusion"
"I hope so but doubt it...","optimism"
"Just give me 20 million dollars and let me retire early. gg wp life","neutral"
"Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.","amusement"
"I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s","desire"
"Find yourself another pretty, nice girl that doesn’t have cheating tendencies. They exist ","neutral"
"If the doctor has given the ok, give some ibuprofen for teething pain FFS!","anger"
"I love this so much","love"
"They all clapped.","joy"
"Except that would retcon him trying to get her to have an abortion so still a mess","neutral"
"[NAME] clan needs some fucking therapy.","neutral"
"If the blindness ever comes back for whatever reason, try doing this:","neutral"
"I have an honest question for you sir. Wouldn't a person who went through that hell be more humble and understanding than someone who didn't?","curiosity"
"[NAME], that's pretty damn good for a state like Virginia, which, although not a swing state anymore, was red not so long ago. ","admiration"
"Enjoy being stopped at the border","approval"
"Ooh I like them. I don't really plan on marrying but who knows I might someday.","approval"
"Syria is at war with Israel, Israel has every right to bomb targets that threaten their nation. ","approval"
"Thanks I hate it.","anger"
"Yes but my point is [NAME] raping [NAME] makes more sense if she gives birth to [NAME] and [NAME], not [NAME].","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] were always goldmines. They had so little air time compared to the rest but whenever they were shown it was memorable","neutral"
"I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of","fear"
"Hes a daywalker!","neutral"
"Hey now, don’t try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub. ","fear"
"Yeah, think there's only about 100k of them. Can certainly say I don't know of any besides [NAME].","neutral"
"He has no side of the story or we would have heard it already.","neutral"
"He has a prog rock album.. its horrific","approval"
"That was.. very confusing and entirely unhelpful? I read it three times and got nothing from this.","confusion"
"I'm so happy he rolled his car. Assholes are destroying the natural environment with their bullshit cars","admiration"
"With the high turnover rate maybe it does lol!","amusement"
"I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.","neutral"
"Took devils -1.5. Gotta love sports betting in Jersey.","neutral"
"I have a feeling this is gonna get really crowded, and end up being a shit show with such short notice for everything.","annoyance"
"Oh fuck I almost forgot to jerk off and smoke weed today. I'm so forgetful. Appreciate the reminder.","disapproval"
"He could be spooked off by the camera crew?","confusion"
"oh yeah? Mines real","neutral"
"Are you looking for clear blocks of ice or just plain blocks?","neutral"
"If you need a friend to talk to, I am open.","approval"
"You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.","neutral"
"WHY DID DSJ PASS THERE, YOU COULD'VE FINISHED AT THE BASKET IN TRANSITION REEEEEEE","confusion"
"And that's not [NAME] either. It's former HS o-lineman who now runs a frat","neutral"
"Why would I do that?","neutral"
"DuDE -- I aLMOst HAd yoU!!","neutral"
"Wait. That’s illegal.","neutral"
"*Agrees in [NAME].*","neutral"
"I thought [NAME] the apostle was *fantastic.* Seeing those early [NAME] suffering like that really drove home what a baby I am.","admiration"
"here for me scenes of [NAME] being dragged by her children","neutral"
"Sounds like my SIL with me/hubby. But she's a bitch and we never liked her anyways, so neither of us really care lol. ","annoyance"
"That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.","disapproval"
"Have a nice day","caring"
"[NAME] campaign donation at work apparently. Sure didn't take long.","approval"
"Left the spasms behind long ago, we're now at full on convulsions","excitement"
"Do you people just sit in meme economy and wait for something new to come up?","neutral"
"Just heard the Xbox Rare Achievement sound go off in my head.","neutral"
"lol too real","amusement"
"It's not that bad, I almost got squashed by a drop bear today but it's all good in the hood.","optimism"
"I always wondered where it was on ormond. I managed to find the toolbox last week on yamaoka as killer.","surprise"
"It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.","caring"
"Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.","anger"
"It's almost a shame we won't get a second leave/remain referendum because it would be fascinating to see the result.","embarrassment"
"It's no secret: "He's always hungry".","neutral"
"I’m not going to be a scared wizard and call him he who must not be named","annoyance"
"r/iamatotalpieceofshit call the police for destruction of private property gg ez clapz","embarrassment"
"Ask for a pic without the hat on. That hairline must be chilling with [NAME].","excitement"
"No a white chubby boy with scene hair. He wasn’t wearing a shirt in the video.","neutral"
"It’s Beirt for people, wouldn’t it be beirt garda?","curiosity"
"That's a great start! Amazing. I congratulate you on your self awareness. Some hugs if you want them","admiration"
"Dont worry, they are the best surgeons in the hospital and they will remove the tumor in no time","relief"
"Was it? Honestly I didnt get it, even asked some other people and they didnt get. I guess color me ignorant. Care to explain? ","confusion"
"It goes that far back? That was probably hands down the best fight ever. I loved stone cold as a kid","admiration"
"And this is a big part of why no chain supermarkets will open in 'underprivileged' neighborhoods.","neutral"
"Take a upvote I'm glad I made your experience great","admiration"
"It's satirical but also almost truth. We're the fattest nation in Western Europe and that percentage is growing.","sadness"
"Constitution don't work that way. Burden is always on the Crown, defendant is always presumed innocent. This won't survive the first challenge.","neutral"
"How it feels*","curiosity"
"in this case, you are paying with both.. it's just as data mineable as any other source","approval"
"Exactly. So many people live here because they love public transit. It is an ammenity. NJ is not trying to make a profit from the PATH.","approval"
"I thought I was the only person who enjoyed the dlc. I finished it so satisfied with how it went then looked online...was blown away by the reception.","realization"
"Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.","neutral"
"Exactly, she wasn't "venting", she was abusing his fiancee. ","annoyance"
"Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.","joy"
"Thank you, I appreciate it <3","gratitude"
"Omg. This is just the best ever. 💜💜💜","admiration"
"Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great","admiration"
"So true. The chicks I pick up from clubbing are nothing compared to the love of a good woman.","neutral"
"It was salt. This is the laziest ‘dish’ I have ever ordered in my life.","anger"
"3h late comment. have fun at school !","neutral"
"In other words this looks bad, so we’re trying to distance ourselves from it. Yeah too bad NRA. Zero sympathy from here. ","annoyance"
"I wonder how it's still tagged questionable...","curiosity"
"I’m not going to live in the middle of nowhere. I like Chicago.","disapproval"
"Oh I’m sorry. I assumed. I think that would be suspicious if your username was known to someone else.","remorse"
"Don't worry, all these people will get the rope once I've established my new world order","caring"
"No income = no pension payments required. Health care, I think is mandatory, but I don’t know the enforcement scheme.","confusion"
"This is wack","neutral"
"Reminded me of becoming a chef. Started as a dishwasher. Gave up. Turned programer.","pride"
"That's an excellent point. Who would be a good '[NAME]' for the Oilers?","admiration"
"Hi I’m [NAME], why don’t you take a seat over there.","optimism"
"That the [NAME] is [NAME] actual father?","confusion"
"Self serving cowards.","annoyance"
""Now get out of here! But before you go..."","neutral"
"I never said it wasn't a fighting game though in my comment you replied to I specifically say it is a fighting game.","neutral"
"He looks like he is half Italian half Russian and belongs in a fight club.","neutral"
"I'm so happy that this worked for you! Go forth, and have unashamed sex in my honour.","joy"
"Lol I collect them too!","amusement"
"Was there a new episode this week?","curiosity"
"Using sex as social status is beyond retarded lol","annoyance"
"Midnight has been 4/4 pro league teams they have played so far, so I wouldn't be too sure they're gonna be bottom feeders","disapproval"
"Is pleading the 5th even legal? I mean, people should be forced to defend themselves even from erroneous claims.","curiosity"
"You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!","gratitude"
"> its just there to make people uncomfortable and force a tip. No one working there really expects a tip in the first place.","neutral"
"By all means, tell me what I said that was incorrect. ","confusion"
"I was wondering the same thing","surprise"
"Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone","gratitude"
"Just going to step in here to ask why you keep replying if you're unhappy with his comments?","curiosity"
"for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.","annoyance"
"It would be interesting to know what you've learned about other sects of [RELIGION].","excitement"
"but that’s exactly my point lol you get better at those things, the scary factor affecting skill learning becomes smaller and smaller","amusement"
"You seem horrible","fear"
"He had better get 1st ballot. He's a legend.","admiration"
"movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized","annoyance"
"Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win","annoyance"
"This was not only true, but pleasing to watch.","approval"
"Yes, and I looooooove it 😂😂","love"
"I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now","desire"
"YOU WOULD THINK MISSISSIPPI STATE HAD GROWN MEN ON THEIR TEAM WITH ALL OF THOSE DROPPED BALLS","neutral"
"Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!","excitement"
"Should be Colt Wesley Small Johnson","neutral"
"Where is he spewing hate? I follow him on twitter and have never seen him say anything hateful unless you consider criticism of [RELIGION] hateful.","neutral"
"*Fuck extremists.","anger"
"Ouch. That hurt the ego. And that’s not easy to do.","disappointment"
"No, because I don't have to. This is an "Everyone else" problem.","disapproval"
"Wondered 'why doesn't it seem like theyre making any progress' before I realized how short the loop was....","disappointment"
"I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.","caring"
"I’m afraid too. It’s the not knowing what will happen that scares me.","fear"
"So precious! Thanks for sharing Give me animals pics over human babies any day~","gratitude"
"How is she at all mobile at that weight? Bones are incredible things!","surprise"
"What's that like? Like what's the thought process? I dunno. I know what's a weird question..i just can't imagine","neutral"
"No, because asses that hot don't come in trenta","disapproval"
"Pretty nice to see CONCACAF signing for the CPL.","gratitude"
"Ok but why won’t that guy stop petting the Sea Doggo? He’s obviously not that into you, sir.","neutral"
"Thought so, that kind of overt bullying disappears when you leave school, although there is still homophobes but they're more discreet about it.","neutral"
"When you feel nervousness, tell yourself it's just excitement. Makes a world of difference. :)","excitement"
"Sweet [NAME] of Haiti..it does! I no longer burn paperwork like I used to, and *I* can see it. EDIT: Hermes-talk","neutral"
"So having a baby you don’t want is [NAME] will, but having a baby you do want is going to put you in hell? ","disapproval"
"Ok, well the south obviously didn't want to do that","approval"
"And fake papers are probably dwarfed by genuine but bad papers. So what?","anger"
"[NAME] can still betabuxx and have an easier life than you will if you have to be alone and support yourself with no help.","caring"
"EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.","approval"
"whyyyyy !!!! ughhh","anger"
"1 goal doesn’t make up for the point you lost us [NAME]","sadness"
"This is not brain dead.","disapproval"
"This is awesome! I want the same interaction for [NAME] & [NAME] and [NAME] & [NAME]!","admiration"
"Fuck that doll. Energizer bunny from hell.","neutral"
"Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.","annoyance"
"Yeah im sure the chinaman who made this in his tiny noodle house for one millionth of a yuan is super stoked about this.","approval"
"Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.","caring"
"My faith in humanity is restored. Your good deed has been noted on the Big Board of Doing Nice Things.","admiration"
"She got the gift that keeps on giving","realization"
"Weird flex but ok","approval"
"It was a screech of delight. I like this hire. Would let to get a good OC now.","admiration"
"Ah to be a young teen again","excitement"
"When [NAME] breaks [NAME] jaw in “The Sound Of Silence” I’m cringing just thinking about it","disgust"
"The Magic are good at being frustrating.","neutral"
"You’re right, 5 minutes won’t be enough, earlier could be 10 minutes. Weird how that works.","embarrassment"
"We're in it... and now [NAME] is going to the bench? Gotta good feeling!","joy"
"when you watch game reviews and youtube thinks you hate women and minorities","neutral"
"RemindMe! 7 days","neutral"
"The dashcam only proves that someone inside that vehicle was angry. It barely proves a gun was fired, let alone at someone.","disapproval"
"at least give the penguin some scritches, as it said no matter what they do, it would head to the mountain anyways 😭","disgust"
"Uhh don’t you mean [NAME] and [NAME]? They were so sweet together! /s","neutral"
"I love the arm blasts on the ice. That dude was determined and loves his dog. Very cool.","love"
"I actually had to rewind a few times because I found myself getting distracted because I was kind of bored.","embarrassment"
"Do you think the nude selfies story that came out a few weeks ago was about [NAME]? I do.","curiosity"
"I'm guessing they give up garbage time scores alot when they have the win in hand.","anger"
"No, no I'm not.","disapproval"
"I got news nephew, this isn’t unpopular. ","neutral"
"I will mate. No worries.","relief"
"Title question: Obviously. As has already been mentioned in other threads this very day.","neutral"
"looks like you got 2 XL Cheetos","neutral"
"Is that a real tweet? From the actual president? Not a parody? I can't tell anymore.","confusion"
"I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.","disapproval"
"That was glorious.","admiration"
"I had some pretty bad diarrhea right after the game. It's was more enjoyable than that loss.","annoyance"
"This sounds like disgusting wasp propaganda. You're being paid by Big Wasp aren't you? Confess!","curiosity"
"Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice ","disapproval"
"[NAME] fuck my brain hurts, way to early for this shit. Sorry in advance if English is a 2nd language ","annoyance"
"It's so surreal that we have a superstar on the Canucks. I have to pinch myself everyday","excitement"
"From my experience minoxidil only stops loss, unfortunately it doesn't encourage new growth","sadness"
"Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department","approval"
"And that is simply why it is (or was) illegal. And why it was classified as a class 1 danger. MONEY.","neutral"
"Interesting what you said about the crew and better to fly solo than with people who bring you down. I'll remember that.","surprise"
"Thank you. You too.","gratitude"
"I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her "personality shining"","love"
"Notice how there are no chapotraphouse trolls here because they know you're right and can't put up any argument against you.","approval"
"Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up. ","amusement"
"Comedycemetery? More like repostcemetery","neutral"
"No, they don’t. No morning after pills/contraception pills are free, even at the clinics","disapproval"
"[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion","approval"
"I love you, 125.","love"
"Bless your heart.","caring"
"I was expecting him to go with baseball, but hopefully his combine and everything makes his stock rise into a high first round pick.","neutral"
"Hmm I wonder why the bot copy text LAOP says is in NY when the original post says LAOP says he's in TX","surprise"
"My IT professor would love this because he always said that he wanted a brick with good airflow for his case","neutral"
"FBI OPEN UP!","neutral"
"It's a loooong story with some awkward weirdness haha","amusement"
"I wish everything the I was going through was a hallucination","desire"
"It's very common. Same with punching and it not hurting someone in your dreams. Practice more.","neutral"
"I live in So-Cal near the beach, im over it. Its weird planning vacations to go other places when you live in a vacation spot.","neutral"
"[NAME] fucking christ. When [NAME] came into the league he was pretty much as skinny as [NAME] is now. And look at the dude now.","surprise"
"I dont think she knows that once your body runs out of fat it starts eating your muscles and organs.","disapproval"
"I'm still not not going if I've got somewhere else to not go.","neutral"
"She already received $750K from the school. And she'll be in debt to the state for the rest of her life.","neutral"
"Split ends on leg hair is how I determine when it is time to shed my winter coat","neutral"
"I agree it’s disrespectful to so blatantly disregard her parents wishes but yes, otherwise too uptight.","confusion"
"I am glad I found this subreddit "gatekepping" is a phenomenon vocab btw.","gratitude"
"Two sessions, actually. He apparently found the party boring","surprise"
"Yup. Hysterical bonding from ultimatums. Remember that time ultimatums created lust and desire...........?","neutral"
"HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!","anger"
"That CAT driver needs to be held accountable. Lucky he didn’t kill someone.","relief"
"Bad execution but it made me smile through the cringe. The sentiment is definitely relatable.","amusement"
"I like your attitude :) yeah, you're awesome!","admiration"
"Yeah cuz it's not like eggs ever roll over or anything. /s","neutral"
"Inexperience meant I didn’t know that I could legally refuse service","disappointment"
"Range should be maxed","neutral"
"Make nachos, get a beer, and get ready to yell SUEY!!","neutral"
"I'm surprised that this is still happening despite the threats of an invasion of manbij.","surprise"
"Then wouldn't [NAME] have gotten sick too? As well as every other character who covered themselves in guts?","neutral"
"So for you, consent and coercion are not mutually exclusive, correct? Are they ever?","neutral"
"It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.","fear"
"Last time I saw it tested, it beat BO4 and was on par with Fortnite","realization"
"I can only enjoy memes if they have been AI-checked to have never been uploaded to vine or tiktok. Otherwise I can not find it funny.","approval"
"I agree with your guy. Sex can sometimes improve with the adulterous partner, because he/she feels desired and sexy again.","approval"
"Tailoring is a god send and honestly not all that expensive, typically.","realization"
"I will pray for your marriage. After we win.","neutral"
"He needed the trophy in GTA?","neutral"
"I thought this was about prostitution, which sounded reasonable enough at first. Then it got all rapey 😫","neutral"
"There was a time I said the same thing about Zucker. Hope there's something to that.","curiosity"
"This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.","disgust"
""don't protect unconfirmed TP" "Claim Crus day 1 so TP will be on you" ","neutral"
"You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.","neutral"
"I honestly loved her performance as [NAME] in Scott Pilgrim. But then again I also love Scott Pilgrim so...","admiration"
"Nope. I’m not wrong. Flipper superficially inflate housing prices without substantively contributing to their value.","disapproval"
"a partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever","approval"
"Both. lol","amusement"
"im not talking about a studio. im talking about *people*. people that you're lying about, because you're an uninformed yet arrogant, entitled child.","anger"
"MAD JOKE!","amusement"
"my first thought was Superstar!","approval"
"If you don't think MAGA hats are associated with racism then you've got your head stuck in the sand.","anger"
"Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil","neutral"
"Will they ever stop?? FLG is a cult.","curiosity"
"GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.","neutral"
"Fucking parking in the middle of the street through the entire strip of Allegheny","anger"
"Almost like we're playing scrubs and trying to save gas for a huge game at home tomorrow","neutral"
"This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say","annoyance"
"you really gotta emphasize the ffffffhh","annoyance"
"Wow can relationships be like this? That's amazing","admiration"
"Is it bad if I didnt even know he was on waivers....","disgust"
"I didn't think it was that bad tbh","neutral"
"Or wax your driveway, and the snow will slide right off without shoveling!","neutral"
"“No no no no spit that out right now!”","anger"
"Ha! They’re very naughty! Pretty cute, tho ❤️","neutral"
"I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes","caring"
"Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding","annoyance"
"Employ the son of your biggest donor?","neutral"
"Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now","confusion"
"Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!","fear"
"It's like watching her do it an infinite amount of times with her saying to herself: what am I doing wrong?","confusion"
"I get why you hate this guy, but why do you hate [NAME]?","confusion"
"What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍","excitement"
"Yeah it’s not like I want my cat to lick me in a sexual way that’s just weird.","neutral"
"Is there a customer service number? If so, what is it?","curiosity"
"I love this! It's nice to hear of a positive outcome on here.","joy"
"Wow, that crazy. Hope this doesn't happen again with you. Stay safe!","caring"
"I'd buy this and use the "wash, dry, fold" setting exclusively. Sounds great to me. ","admiration"
"Heaven forbid you do some actual research.","annoyance"
"Why couldn't we just carry our ending over to the next game?","curiosity"
"only suckers believe this don't be a sucker","annoyance"
"Would love to own a deck like this 😍","love"
"At least he has a chance to grab a railing if he falls.","curiosity"
"Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.","caring"
"The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.","annoyance"
"Oh getting down voats. The EU fascists don't like it when you speak out against the 4th Reich.","nervousness"
"Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...","approval"
"It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/","sadness"
"I wish I could just do a poll of the whole stl area to see everyones opinion on it.","neutral"
"Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading","remorse"
"Spoiler: you might be depressed, go find out if you are, then come back.","caring"
"Right, [NAME] here - "tooting" = fart or follow through? ","neutral"
"Those pearls are the worst, ugh.","disappointment"
"I've found that reading before bed helps my brain get tired without needing to exhaust myself by staying up very late.","neutral"
"No, not related to [NAME]. I forget where we found it. It was in some legal documentation on WISDOJ (I think).","disapproval"
"You have to be rich to use health insurance; the copays are brutal.","disappointment"
"Im kinda hoping some woman flips the coin and posts how secretly poking holes in condoms with sewing needles to get pregnant was the best decision of her life.","neutral"
"It's alright old man we're almost to your room","neutral"
"HAHA so sorry. I've had a very slow day at work. Been hitting F5 repeatedly. Was surprised it wasn't already posted.","neutral"
"Sorry to be the bearer of bad tidings.","embarrassment"
"Tkachuk - Pageau - Stone is going to be our second line. Absolutely filthy.","disgust"
"SKYRIM!! Hahaha","joy"
"I don't care about [NAME] story but I surprisingly found myself liking Bristol's.","surprise"
"I agree with everything you said, except the Witten part he is [NAME] awful....that whole MNF crew makes it unwatchable.","approval"
"Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]","anger"
"In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special","annoyance"
"Whataburger misses you","sadness"
"I wonder what they'll name it.... I guess Chipper if its a boy, and Chipper if its a girl ","surprise"
"this comment made me very nervous","nervousness"
"I came here to see this. Never disappointed in reddit","realization"
"It was a poor choice of words.","disapproval"
"Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.","anger"
"If it gets posted before 10 am you can't possibly expect me to learn from it anyhow.","neutral"
"I feel safe around you is a nice one","admiration"
"Nobody traveled from Ahch-To to Cantonica or vice versa iirc, so this doesn't make a lot of sense...?","confusion"
"I like how the title contradicts the subreddit it’s posted on.","admiration"
"Because [NAME] was underage at the time of filming. IIRC he rips [NAME] dress in a much more revealing way in the book.","neutral"
"Then your education must have been pretty poor lol","amusement"
"But beat the warriors Celtics and rockets. Pistons love messing with our emotions","love"
"I wanna fight freely in a Da shitposting, but I want the bromance more.","desire"
"Oh geez man... You posted this image to at least 600 subreddits.. Why And now made a new account for it...","annoyance"
"The only thing wrong with her is her face. Maybe she has a giving personality?","disappointment"
"!RemindMe 10 hours","realization"
"Hell turn you into him.","neutral"
"It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark ","excitement"
"While I agree with my political views could be of the top of my least favorites and [NAME] weren't ruined by the pic.","annoyance"
"The move takes a lot of concentration, hence the blank stare of total focus. Ultra instinct ","optimism"
"Have you actually seen the pictures of her scratches? There’re not on her stomach at all, they’re on her side and back.","neutral"
"Thanks dude! I do best with the ice, swat and maddox","admiration"
"I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.","desire"
"[NAME] is having a great start to the game. Very gritty and I love it. Plz keep him.","caring"
"Honestly thought it was a peeled banana...","neutral"
"That's only bad to some people. Being racist is bad to everyone.","annoyance"
"[NAME] [NAME] homie. You understand my situation.","neutral"
"Less expensive than chain-link. Needs warning signs, though, and be within his property line.","desire"
"This too. It’s about how much excess the wealthy have, not how they acquired it.","neutral"
"She immediately regretted it when you reacted like an excited 3rd grader","sadness"
"Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.","gratitude"
"Yeah, that changes everything.","approval"
"Nail in the coffin. Sucks that refs always feel the need to call an equalizer penalty","neutral"
"DAMN!","disappointment"
"Need those thick strong legs to give the boot to all inferior and lesser beings, keep them firmly on the ground while you stand tall over them!","realization"
"I love truck drivers!!","love"
"Horrible night for dodo","amusement"
"When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.","neutral"
"No passes on skin color or class, yeah right thats why [NAME] is a supreme court justice right ??? ","neutral"
"Gnostic atheist here. This is a great summary!","admiration"
"Done and done in the memory of [NAME]. I am sorry for your loss.","disappointment"
"That's not irony. Just coincidence. (I know this is [NAME] tweet).","neutral"
"Super unflattering. [NAME] is not overweight but this ensemble made her appear chunky.","disapproval"
"Cheers! :)","excitement"
"Do women make the razor blade choices for their spouses? I guess they could aim for that demographic.","neutral"
"Does everyones dad/grandpa have this exact one? Mine do.","curiosity"
"My chest tightened so quickly","admiration"
"A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!","neutral"
"Worst dad ever!","anger"
"Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month","amusement"
"Damn....","annoyance"
"Lol what boyfriend","amusement"
"Quite superpower you got there, op. Reminds me of [NAME] in Unbreakable. U beautiful person!","admiration"
"wtf i hate [NAME] now","anger"
"That's what I came here for, thanks","gratitude"
"All my hugs to you. She will have a peaceful end surrounded by people who she loves so much.","caring"
"Love taking my girl out for sush","love"
"I’m ok with this. If you were sb and bad LAG was BB, I’d also be ok with a stop-and-go. ","neutral"
"I used to watch it’s always sunny with my cat. She loved it. Now I can’t watch it without crying.","sadness"
"This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st, ","realization"
"Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.","excitement"
"Every time there's a video in my sub box I get really excited and then it's Fortnite. It's heartbreaking.","excitement"
"Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that. ","disappointment"
"This just oozes passive-agressiveness. I love it!","joy"
"Same! I love to crochet and this just made me giggle.","amusement"
"Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats","anger"
"That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.","optimism"
"Roll survival check! Ooh, a nat 1, sorry kid","remorse"
"Has any news been confirmed of whose playing [NAME]. I hope we see him soon to grasp how charasmatic he can be","approval"
"This made me chuckle, thank you.","gratitude"
"Humanity has a lot of progress to make before that is a realistically attainable goal. I don't see how being either liberal or conservative solves this.","caring"
"I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome","excitement"
"Why? I would rather the players get the money than the owners","confusion"
"I used to do the same exact thing! Now I love the fat on my steak and watching them cut it off in japanese restaurants makes me sad.","sadness"
"Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now","neutral"
"It's not his job to train you.","disapproval"
"If Clemson wins this, they should have to face Alabama in the national championship.","curiosity"
"What a comeback by Nemiga. Too bad they lost the OT","admiration"
""We're the greatest country on the earth!" says not-Canada","disapproval"
"My husband gets very prudish anytime kids are anywhere. EVEN in our locked bedroom.","surprise"
"Keep Yourself Safe, Sweetie.","neutral"
"Easy, killer. I don't think Solo itself is a goofy name as OP implies. I think it was just a dumb point in the movie. ","neutral"
"She took the fucking kids, huh?","annoyance"
"i think you could say the chat about smelling their own farts was also added for comedic effect","annoyance"
""You may die, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make"","optimism"
"I really can't remember the last time my mind was this blown by an OP on this sub, and that's saying a lot.","disapproval"
"VP pick guaranteed - and the pivot will be hilarious","joy"
"People date who they find attractive, and fuck who they find attractive. That’s it.","embarrassment"
"Thank you for the update, I’ve been stressing about the shutdown and lines. This helps.","approval"
"Three words, no subtlety. "Dude. Stop. Seriously." ","annoyance"
"[NAME] likes this post","neutral"
"Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.","approval"
"I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.","neutral"
"I learned a lot from helping my dad work on his car, namely how to stand very still and quiet while someone loses their shit over something.","admiration"
"Yeah that was inexcusable","approval"
"OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise it’ll be better for you in the long run. ","approval"
"Lol, good luck with that, kid.","caring"
"Obviously a degree in veterinary medicine, in case Mr [NAME] has the sniffles","approval"
"Ignoring the refs for a second, [NAME] defense always does well against us","admiration"
"Oh [NAME], someone did it already, and it was 3 DAYS AGO O.O","realization"
"Never once is it implied that the birds can sense crazy people.","neutral"
"Social norms that are immoral ought to be broken.","anger"
"I want to keep [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (also [NAME], but he doesn't want to stay). Everyone else can go. ","desire"
"I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.","disappointment"
"Oh, I ripped one 😉🍁🔥😗💨☁️💯☁️🤙🏻","neutral"
"Pretty big signs that something can be pretty fun and effective when you get these same shitty, selfish teammates.","anger"
"#13 PhDs","neutral"
"starting 2019 of with a banger, can't wait what else will happen this year ","excitement"
"thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?","gratitude"
"Ah I didn’t think of that second definition of end. I like it!","love"
"Such season 1 vibes and I love it.","love"
"This is great, thank you","admiration"
"I’m starting to worry that [NAME] is not okay","fear"
"Yeah it sort of sucks now.","disappointment"
"He now looks like his daughter wearing a fake beard.","amusement"
"Thank you for your wisdom, [NAME]....","gratitude"
"Gratzy-Gratzy. You have a brought a great joy to this old Italian stereotype.","neutral"
"And people try to hold that against [NAME] when they should hold that against the Packers organization and Front Office...Their Front Office stopped trying, not [NAME].","neutral"
"That's [NAME]!","surprise"
"This cracked me up!","anger"
"It's already a thing though lol","amusement"
"From one finale to the next finale should be one whole year so she’s gonna be pregnant for a whole year lmao","neutral"
"Repost to “watch people die inside”.","neutral"
"If the issue is Abortion yes. My generation was genocided.","anger"
"If you want a one minute story told in half an hour then ask [NAME] to tell it.","amusement"
"Massive overlap. I have been vegan for 10 years and anti birth around the same time for the reasons you note.","neutral"
"Its actually "[NAME]" , not "[NAME]".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened ","joy"
"Depends who's there. If [NAME] is there, I hope that's where they go. If not, I want a pass rusher.","approval"
"My "three B's" were specifically moderate guys who'll pull support from [NAME]. There's not much overlap between [NAME] base and hers.","neutral"
"You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!","approval"
"Putting your finger and a loose cloth inside the 3 jaw chuck to polish the inside is insanely dangerous","annoyance"
"They’re my favorite. Just little chunkers that can’t fly and just wanna bang.","admiration"
"just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them","annoyance"
"You're a great dad.","admiration"
"That's a lot of calories!","excitement"
"What Da?!?!?!! Welp, ya learn something new!!!! Damn!!!!","joy"
"Evil spirit! Leave from this place and never return!!","neutral"
"I want to see that too, but we all know it's not going to happen.","neutral"
"that's adorable asf","amusement"
"Dude, it made *me* reflect a little. Side note, what a wonderful username.","admiration"
"Thanks for the lead. Ordered.","gratitude"
"Ok, thanks!","gratitude"
"You too thirsty","realization"
"You joke but people would believe it!","optimism"
"Yeah, I might have used the wrong word.","sadness"
"Regardless, fight 'em every inch of the way like it's the last hill to die on. Complacency is complicity. ","neutral"
"Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help","surprise"
"The ones who supported ETC were more concerned with negatively impacting Ethereum and it's community than the DAO rollback in my opinion.","disapproval"
"You’re right, my apologies, I must’ve misread it. ","approval"
"This inspiring.","joy"
"Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.","embarrassment"
"[NAME] continues to be my god while I continue to be banned by Swery. ^^Seriously, ^^what ^^did ^^I ^^do?","disappointment"
"So, that's super illegal in the U.S. And a cooler is not worth slicing someone's finger tips open. ","disapproval"
"Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.","annoyance"
"This really circled my jerk","annoyance"
"Bad defensive move by [NAME] there","disappointment"
"This definitely was what I was thinking too. With the things that go on nowadays, I wouldnt be suprised!","desire"
"I pose you this question, "How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?"","approval"
"Laugh all you want, it's pretty much indestructible now!","caring"
"Oh ok cool so I don't feel bad at all about it then.","relief"
"Dear [NAME]....","gratitude"
"Awesome! I'll see it ASAP. When work won't be this hectic. 😊","admiration"
"Thanks, didn’t know there was a term for it. That’s how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol","gratitude"
"Well, you're shit outta luck then. All you can do is bear them feels.","neutral"
"Idk about that, but if you were being genuine I apologize. I just don't think that is the case in this situation.","remorse"
"More kids = more people to get addicted to Disney In an odd way I could see that happening.","approval"
"I am curious how much he will get","curiosity"
"it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something","excitement"
"They'll just move. There is no amount of enforcement that will change that. The United States isn't the only nice place to live.","neutral"
"Fudd puckers? If it is that i when there last summer.","neutral"
"Holy shit it's almost like the PYD is a organization of Syrian citizens I can't believe he exposed them on that.","anger"
"Maybe that is where the confusion lies: Vaccines don’t make a child AUtistic, they make them AUstralian.","approval"
"[NAME]? never met one those.","neutral"
"Bingo - using market cap as your yardstick is as stupid as using GDP as a yardstick. One metric is never enough to capture a picture.","annoyance"
"I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.","love"
"I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories","love"
"I mean, me neither! Who would have thought?! We saved a girl's life. Cheers!","gratitude"
"Excited? No. Sitting back with popcorn? You bet. Sorry, privilege of not living in the united States.","neutral"
"Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha","neutral"
"That comparison system could backfire when hogs see their 83rd percentile healing and go “what the fuck were our healers doing I have 83rd percentile healing”","neutral"
"Yeah but she didn’t get anybody to vote for anyone. She said they all said they were voting for [NAME] anyway.","neutral"
"Oh don’t get me started about halo, the glory days","pride"
"Oh man, what was the name of that show. It feels so familiar. Haven't watched MTV in, I don't know, 15 years? ","neutral"
"They brown as they get older clear means nice and fresh","admiration"
"Did you even read the article? It's 1 anecdote and she wants to return because she misses her family.","curiosity"
"Yea I've heard this also so that's why I'm curious how well this one will last.","curiosity"
"I may have undersold the amount of trucks. 😂","amusement"
"You can still joke but people will react negatively and will cause consequences","amusement"
"READ HER!","excitement"
"Sorry to link it here but would love to get some opinions on this post","neutral"
"It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.","neutral"
"Thanks for comin' out.","gratitude"
"Manipulation of a persons enviorment while denying they are doing it in order to make the victim appear crazy.","neutral"
"Let's hope she will never work as a medical professional again.","optimism"
"But they would fail without it, using your silly logic","disapproval"
"Just like that fucking idiot that was just trying to kidnap that woman, and chased her into a Karate studio... turned out just about the same.","anger"
"No, no the PTA has not disbanded!","neutral"
"That's why you report them for impersonating a government agency. It's highly illegal, and you can report them online ","neutral"
"It’s selfish to not want to march with people who believe you’re termites and [NAME] killers?","neutral"
"Why aren’t we putting guys in for garbage time?","confusion"
"You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.","neutral"
"holy lmao im a dolt lol.","amusement"
"Yea, and trading away young players does not make us better.","neutral"
"What is TMOR?","curiosity"
"Welp. Guess I'm gonna get fat.","optimism"
"Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...","amusement"
"Teams got some fire tonight. I like it.","approval"
"thats pretty emasculating frfr. in america is not the same","neutral"
"Shocking isn’t it","surprise"
"The jealousy is more akin to a little sister who doesn't like that her dad isn't giving her all the attention.","neutral"
"She looks like a [NAME].","admiration"
"It’s trying to steal his soul by sucking his breath out of him .","annoyance"
"blessed day with beautiful boy","admiration"
"That must hurt","sadness"
"I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden","approval"
"> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing","neutral"
"It’s okay to cry man","neutral"
"We’ve also had ~10 shots and [NAME] first shot was not until the 40’ mark.","neutral"
"I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.","love"
"That isn’t a prediction that is exactly how Crisis on infinite earths played out","approval"
"because the cops dont have the manpower to chase after every schmuck who orders small amounts...","anger"
"Perfect explanation!","neutral"
"The only thing missing from their stupid play book is some sort of weapons of mass destruction hysteria","realization"
"[NAME] makes me want to punch ugly pillows.","anger"
"Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]","desire"
"True, but [NAME] mocking someone for making a choice that, realistically, isn't a choice at all is still an oblivious thing to do.","neutral"
"Also “he wasn’t even good enough to be a starting pitcher how could i possibly allow him to be the first unanimous HOFer”","annoyance"
"Interesting. Even if most disagree with it, I'd love to aee a resurrection of some sorts in IX.","disapproval"
"You seem slightly sensitive... I was actually thinking we had been infiltrated by the normies","neutral"
"Maybe you should smoke some and relax.","caring"
"I do play League of legends and [NAME] is my favorite character that's why my name has Thresh in it :)","approval"
"love that yawn","love"
"Is that listing not supposed to be a joke?","neutral"
"So you think ohh should text him now and ask about the date?","neutral"
"Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!","excitement"
"I know, it got all in the poor woman’s hair!","grief"
"Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes","joy"
"Its definitely [NAME] fault for leaning into it though. Nobody’s pressuring her to have “Activist” in her Twitter bio.","disappointment"
"That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.","amusement"
"I sit on one of my legs. I always have my other leg weirdly sticking out. Like I’m trying to crouch, but failing.","disappointment"
"KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.","neutral"
""[NAME]" Still love [NAME], and while the actual [NAME] was cool at first, she's gotten pretty "meh" to me.","neutral"
"Right on, just making sure someone wasn't trying to steal your OC","caring"
"I don’t know why they bother with it.","confusion"
"Fuckkkk those are 2009 prices. I’m guessing you’re out east!","neutral"
"That proposed sub name took me way too long to figure out .","realization"
"Juul is heavy vapor. Idk how to describe it but i didnt feel like that when i used other juices","confusion"
"Yeah, they are the dumb ones you need to avoid.","sadness"
"Okay. How so?","neutral"
"I know exactly","approval"
"Our village prosecutor actually made that joke when the judge couldn't read my ticket.","amusement"
"You can’t","disapproval"
"She's only 52","surprise"
"No, [NAME] is dating [NAME]","neutral"
"Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me","approval"
"It didnt fuck up his career at all. Hes got thousands of ravenous fangirls and still makes absolute bank.","admiration"
"> go build something. BCH devs are already building and improving a decentralized network! You should start doing the same!","realization"
"Oh my [NAME] stop","surprise"
"Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.","gratitude"
"You can love both [NAME] and the person you are with.","neutral"
"I’m glad you are here. You got this.","joy"
"Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying. ","annoyance"
"The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great","admiration"
"I’m not saying I disagree, but it’s important to note that those are all defensive guys","neutral"
"how about now","neutral"
"I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay... ","annoyance"
"Intended as a "it's funny because it's true" not "this is hilarious"","joy"
"NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!","fear"
"Prepare for it and become happy with yourself but also accept its impermanence.","neutral"
"Mr. Met is a legend! Outrageous. Now... If you wanna talk about hateworthy mascots... The Phanatic fits the bill.","neutral"
"Welcome to the wehrmacht...","gratitude"
"The last time it happened I just said, "No" and closed the door","disapproval"
"‘My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt’","annoyance"
"They were not really messing around, just more frustrated. They genuinely were trying to move specialists around to get the best out of people.","anger"
"Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.","joy"
"Yeah, this belongs on r/wholesomememes","neutral"
"Damn... somebody got told.","neutral"
"Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now","annoyance"
"FTFY* Fixed that for you","approval"
"I've luckily never been a part of a group that does this, and I never witnessed it in my serving years either. ","neutral"
"My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.","amusement"
"As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!","approval"
"I thought it only cost £250m in 2006?","neutral"
"Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.","approval"
"Blame [RELIGION] communities where it's normalised for men to divorce women without giving her any of her rights , even Islamically. ","disgust"
"I'd of pushed the little brat into the puddle, assuming I hadn't smacked him with the book","annoyance"
"Man that chick from total recall didnt age well.","neutral"
"Spoken like proud slaughter-bound crotch fruit!","annoyance"
"I hate that myself","anger"
"I agree! I loved him as [NAME] and I wish the writing had been better. He's amazing.","amusement"
"I would watch that so hard. But I'm sure what's left of LuLaRoe and other MLMs will do whatever they can to stop it.","optimism"
"I think you're right. I've been proactive before and it helped. Thanks and hope this year is good to you as well!","gratitude"
"Well in that case, i'll agree with you. I guess we can all do without scholars. ","approval"
"> but it isn't just motivated in hate Selfishness and greed, then? The need to dominate in order to feel powerful?","disapproval"
"This march is spreading complete lies then as there are no rights a man has that a women doesn’t.","neutral"
"Code Vein looked interesting, though with all the delays and the fact that they've gone quiet, it's gotten me a bit concerned.","caring"
"Two supposedly separate accounts created a day apart both misspell "faggot" the same way. Same dude confirmed.","annoyance"
"You can't rightfully earn a billion dollars. Your employees can, and fifty thousand people in sweatshops can, but a single person cant","disapproval"
"I appreciate it! I spent a lot of time crafting a story I wanted to tell.","admiration"
"I was pointing out the irony of [NAME] comment.","neutral"
"you can anything you want when you have jordan bone","neutral"
"Imagine being that much of a useless parasite","annoyance"
"Sorry I kind of took it like you were flexing on my or my opponents skill or something lmao","remorse"
"They were my favorites. Players apparently hated them though.","love"
"Oh good point! I bet the farthest they go is reporting to credit agencies. Which still sucks but he can always fight that outside of court.","anger"
"You keep turning it into all or nothing lol I said *less* bookshelves will be made if *more* bookshelves are reused","amusement"
"Now everyone is going to know that you didn't waste your time scrolling through tumblr looking for funny blogs to screenshot!","amusement"
"I can't not pick Savor the Flavor when playing Stitches though. It's just too damn fun.","amusement"
"Out of control by darude. Just get carried away by the sounds man","caring"
"Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.","surprise"
"Love the username <3","love"
"Only time will tell :P","neutral"
"Ah yes, my apologies!","sadness"
"Ooh you made them?! Awesome!! I hope you enjoyed them. 5 cheeses sounds like a great decision.","admiration"
"it is adorable that you think that","caring"
"Oof. Didn't see what happened but cizikas like died on the ice there for a minute.","remorse"
"That's horrible, good to know she is with an awesome guy.","admiration"
"Sorry, but this one is funny. Wake up at 3am jabbing with a needle, patient satisfaction survey, what could possibly go wrong??","gratitude"
"Is this something from [NAME]?","curiosity"
"Yo I love that game too it’s great","admiration"
"Wait so you can do that infinitely, even with placed campfires?","neutral"
"OmG is that Jogfrey StirS UnicORn BlOod?! 😍😍😍","neutral"
"Cool, I suspected that but I didn't really wanna waste a round. Thanks!","gratitude"
">"fun" is what you say when you can't give an objective reason something is good. -r/movies Filmé connoisseur","neutral"
"Black people still get shot unarmed. Comparing suffering is stupid and pointless.","anger"
"You should see the absurd number of "gays for [NAME]" we have in my country, it's astounding","admiration"
"Thats true. Those kinds of drinks can give you a heart attack.","approval"
"which is the very issue because he banned me","annoyance"
"Donteee blowee my coveree lmao I actually like how she talks","admiration"
"Does anyone have a link to the rainbow song clip? I tried looking everywhere and can't find it :(","curiosity"
"Grow up and get a job, nobody cares about your autistic memes. ","admiration"
"Do people really use the phrase "my kid is poorly" to mean sick? The grammar in this post is really bothering me.","curiosity"
"did a fanspeak mock, wow I wish this would go down for us","desire"
"They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.","joy"
"That’s exactly what it says on the menu, don’t see what’s wrong here.","approval"
"You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.","disapproval"
">Make I've never hated a commentator more in my lifetime then him","anger"
"not to worry, I'm on the case.","approval"
"Boner. I'd have the weirdest boner.","neutral"
"They're a clear example of what can go wrong when you marry ANYONE you don't really know, regardless of where they're from.","neutral"
"I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever","gratitude"
"I haven’t made a choice yet. I like them both. But why do people not like Link?","confusion"
"oh got it😂😂😂😂","amusement"
"Are you this awful about everything that isn't your own preference?","anger"
"You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.","love"
"I like this template, it makes me happy.","joy"
"and it's way better than the shit websites do now.","realization"
"I've been here too long. My first response was: "I imagined worse."","realization"
"It would probably be horrifying if we tried, when a bug causes an integer overflow and resets our aggression levels. ","fear"
"I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.","disapproval"
">According to your premises, you're wrong. Harvard wants to know: your location.","neutral"
"that is a rather attractive cartoon man","admiration"
"Not to burst anyone's bubble, but this ad isn't new. Maybe it's just being recirculated because of the whole Gillette fiasco.","neutral"
"Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc","optimism"
"It makes me uncomfortable for anyone to force physical affection on anybody, it doesn’t matter the age. ","annoyance"
"Nope! It doesn't matter how stupid you were being.","disgust"
"Stupid Sexy [NAME]","annoyance"
"Yep. Still don't know what you're talking about. Come back when you actually read the pdf and become informed.","confusion"
"So the key to living is to do nothing?","neutral"
"Where are all the memes about tops ending up with another top? Cause trust me, it sucks just as much, if not more. ","approval"
"I'm a bit late. What's the "AAAAAH FUCKING WATER" reference?","anger"
"Subsidies and tax breaks, same as here","neutral"
"Try some other banks, maybe smaller ones, and good luck! Maybe get that deposit up a bit more, and borrow less.","optimism"
"Perhaps I'm biased, but it seems to be the most popular. So many references in TV Shows and Movies. ","neutral"
"You look like [NAME] fucked [NAME]","relief"
"Hopes we all get so sick of his messages we'll vote for him to outlaw them. Courageous strategy Mr [NAME]","optimism"
"I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.","caring"
"Is this in the US? 30k per year blows my mind, my tuition is like 9k ish a year+rent","confusion"
"Wants to stay with the Texans too.","neutral"
"Destroying the unrighteous to save the righteous is a righteous act. Therefore the great flood is an act of love. Whether it happened or didn't happen.","approval"
"Thanks GM & Ford!","gratitude"
"Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show","admiration"
"Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!","caring"
"I needed to read this because I felt so bad for this guy... I just can't imagine a long walk home in winter.","disappointment"
"LOL, level up your life. My life is already at up level :))","amusement"
"Happy birthday to your friend!","neutral"
"the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!","admiration"
"Ace here! I do masturbate and enjoy it, I just feel no sexual attraction or desire to have sex with other people.","approval"
"I would never do such a thing. :P","annoyance"
"I feel so sorry for [NAME]..","remorse"
"Oh sweet! I'm a bit farther but go into the city all the time. I'm around 50 min by train.","approval"
"This is brilliant","admiration"
"Except the federal workers won’t be facing an income reduction, only a delayed payment. I wonder if that restricts them from accessing the program. ","surprise"
"I definitly used to do this all the time and it feels very good to have it for me alone","approval"
"Yeah, be sure to choose an option that won't be painful and has no chance of survival. And make it quick.","caring"
"I cringe at every part of all of this","neutral"
"I feel like I’ve had this exact same conversation with a customer at my old job.","realization"
"If reincarnation is real, I hope next time I have a name that's half as awesome as [NAME].","optimism"
"and he's fat from all those luxury meals","admiration"
"> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.","gratitude"
"Seeing [NAME] score on them was unbelievable. How embarrassing!","embarrassment"
"I did not know that, and tbf I did completely neglect my MH between 18-23. Too busy with sex, drugs and alcohol. ","neutral"
"Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.","excitement"
"This is obviously fake everyone knows the earth is actually a dinosaur shape","neutral"
"Happy birthday to your friend!","caring"
"You can only fit so much in 20ish min show.","approval"
"Thank you so very much for this. Our culture seems to frown upon the mindset of leaving them out to dry.","gratitude"
"You took a HUGE risk. He paid....now be ready for payback time!","approval"
"Every instagram page posts this lol","amusement"
"Bat Out of Hell is awesome start to finish, I'd love to see a musical based on it.","admiration"
"They’re my favorite couple that’s ever been on this show","love"
"This was a year where late breakers broke towards [NAME]. Whereas late breakers broke towards [NAME] in 2016. That explains how she did so well.","admiration"
"Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.","gratitude"
"Love the post bro. Gave me a lot of ideas.","love"
"Idk how but that's nice","approval"
"Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…","disappointment"
"I've only seen a handful of episodes, but we're supposed to believe that the FBI agent is so incompetent that he never finds out?","neutral"
"What part of "Obviously it's not the one in question" were you unable to read?","neutral"
"Thanks! Tbh I just set the limit from true to false, didn't want to mess anything up by changing it. What number what you recommend?","gratitude"
"I got a lot of withholding to throw me into anxiety.","nervousness"
"Wanna know how hard I hit it? I hit it into next week.","realization"
"Democrips & Rebloodicans was my favorite.","love"
"I bet there is an army of married couples who did the same exact thing.","neutral"
"The left says there is a police brutality issue so their fix is to make it hard for non police to get and carry guns. 🤔","desire"
"We're going in a couple of weeks. It was easy to get her to go and she wants to","neutral"
"Sounds like a problem with how you are playing, not with the perk.","embarrassment"
"Someone has a story.","neutral"
"No longer want to what?","confusion"
"I was in the hospital two years ago and definitely had His help! My family saw some signs. It was very amazing.","admiration"
"Damn. It's hard to comprehend how massive the USA really is.","neutral"
"1 And I pulled it back in the same way she did. This was a few years before I was informed of the the preferred method.","neutral"
"At least he let you use an envoy. Those are seriously reliable. What color was the envoy","approval"
"You’re doing so good! We’re all so proud!","admiration"
"Weird, though. So many people love to identify themselves by their corporate loyalty.","neutral"
"Being born in north america is a curse my friend. Oregon (my home) is kind of like Ireland weather wise though I hear.","disappointment"
"Oh look a player breaking out of a slump against Dallas. Haven't seen this one before","surprise"
"Nah mate i think you have me mixed up with someone else. I am [NAME]. Pleased to meet you.","neutral"
"you are fucking amazing. stay strong 💓","approval"
"This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.","disappointment"
"Orange man funny but concerning","confusion"
"Meth is a hell of a drug.","remorse"
"Just to let you know, it's not he had "multiple instances, he had so much they thought he was a distributeur for it.","neutral"
"Good timing with the two breweries having just opened up. Gotta check them out when I'm in that neck of the woods again.","approval"
"How am I arguing? I thought it was pretty clear I'm asking how something works in what I presume is a different county.","confusion"
"I would really Like to know about the ride back","curiosity"
"I can't wait till they invent that pill either, and for you to start taking it, for the sake of the rest of us. Fuck.","optimism"
"I believe this would still be a ticket if someone else sees you.","optimism"
"I laughed way harder then i shouldve","amusement"
"I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.","love"
"[NAME], I'm excited to watch your journey and hope you have massive success! ","excitement"
"Lol okay. It's not like they're billion dollar organizations that have their own personal agenda. Fine. Enjoy your bubble.","amusement"
"the one who doesn't move except to back down any wannabe who's been talking that trash to him","disapproval"
"That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.","disapproval"
"If you attach barbed wire it will require the person breaking in to have a pair of pliers to break it down.","neutral"
"Thats odd but ill check it 🤔","annoyance"
"It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country","neutral"
"A lot more potential than Crowder. Maybe not my best comparison","optimism"
"Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!","admiration"
"Doing the bus story would be interesting-- perhaps interviewing some drivers who have encountered a ghost.","neutral"
"He looks 10 years younger since leaving Old Trafford.","approval"
"Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.","disapproval"
"It doesn't *meet* any moral or ethical standpoint.","disapproval"
"Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.","joy"
"Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?","curiosity"
"Usually they treat what they know. They cannot write down that they are treating you for BPD until you are officially diagnosed.","disapproval"
"Ahh mate, come back any time and i'll make culturally inappropriate Third Reich gags and then we can get lit on bush chooks.","approval"
"[NAME], how old are you? Before [NAME]?, thats a hella long time.","neutral"
"I love /r/LazyMan","love"
"I love my state sometimes","admiration"
"Well you got me. Interested in seeing what other E rides people got","approval"
"I can't really provide anything to you that you haven't already deliberately misread yourself. I can't force you to be honest.","annoyance"
"I wish this was me.. To have lots of friends.. *Sad dragon noises*","optimism"
"[NAME] someone kick this dork","amusement"
"I love it when people assume things.","love"
"It serves as quite a lesson to anyone, don't you think?","approval"
"Maybe [NAME] would be like Old [NAME], jaded by a lifetime of tricking women into bed. ","neutral"
"Being a jerk and believing yourself to be right or the victim creates a messy mind.","neutral"
"me:h- y’all: posts me","neutral"
"I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.","neutral"
"No offense taken, and I agree with your last statement.","approval"
"All the best things happen after midnight. All the worst things, too, but life is all about taking risks. :^)","realization"
"What song was that earlier ? It went oooh oooh ooooh oooh oooh oooh.","confusion"
"I like how people get upset when someone talks about how they like this game. DayZ may be the most triggering game of all time!","admiration"
"Heaven forbid /s","disgust"
"I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual","neutral"
"But that's "whataboutism" which means it's all fine and can be ignored. Try to keep up.","approval"
"Are you kidding me? /r/subsithoughtifellfor","surprise"
"“Hello darkness my old friend...”","neutral"
"Mom-emotions are always heartwarming and honest but dad-emotions make me tear up. Fuck","caring"
"Lopez is a better rim protector but I get your point","admiration"
"Never underestimate the stupidity of people","annoyance"
"Technically, if [NAME] are right about him, then you already did nail him... soooooo...","surprise"
"I had an ex like that. I know why I couldn't function with his way of life. Totally unproductive.","surprise"
"DON'T DO THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES LIKE THAT THEY DON'T WANT HER EITHER BRUH","disapproval"
"Happy cakeday your username is fun","excitement"
"This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.","admiration"
"It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?","anger"
"Well that is just absurd","amusement"
"great execution for the drawing but bad execution for the meme","admiration"
"Oh boy, yeah.","approval"
" You're welcome, I think.","gratitude"
"I always thought the GNT version of 10:14 was amusing. Intelligent people talk sense, but stupid people need to be punished. Proverbs 10:13 GNT","neutral"
"You could breathe air, but if you get common air injected into your bloodstream you will be in danger","neutral"
"The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....","confusion"
"Nah it's a sexual disorder due to brain structure not aligning with body structure but continue to be an ignorant transphobe I guess.","grief"
"and how much time did it take?","curiosity"
"Well, glad I could help. Have a fantastic day and don’t let the straights scare you away!","caring"
"If she's making inapropriate claims thats a problem too, Im not exactly sure what your point is?","confusion"
"All we need is 1 more Trae three and the W and this’ll be a great night","desire"
"[NAME] vs. Being an actual coach","neutral"
"Yeah that's what I just got. Fkin annoying.","annoyance"
"I can’t even get high anymore cause “alcoholism/addiction” .... At least I have cookies I guess.","neutral"
"This isn’t 30 years ago.","neutral"
"Oh my bad I starting typing before you posted it","embarrassment"
"Your hairline is further away than [NAME] hope of gaining subscribers while still having beef with you.","neutral"
"That's hilarious, and a much better way to play doctor than some of the kids I've heard of! :)","amusement"
"> no child should go without needed medical care. Or adult.","neutral"
"Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.","anger"
"praise be to the dark mother!","pride"
"Awe, poor baby. ","neutral"
"Oh, I definitely got muted, too.","approval"
"i did not and i would have voiced my opposition at the meeting if i had.","neutral"
"Oh no, are you going to be psychologically tormented and cry in the shower about it later? ","neutral"
"And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)","surprise"
"[NAME], “How dare you show concern for the wounded!” Made me chuckle.","amusement"
"come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!","excitement"
"Or minor son - this news is about two female chiefs being accused of molesting two male trainees.","anger"
"Why the downvotes?","confusion"
"I would have preferred that. But he wanted the big party, which admittedly, was super fun. ","amusement"
"Love [NAME]. Amazing beaches!","admiration"
"The castle, assuming it's properly furnished and comes with servants to run the place.","neutral"
"Upvote for buttfuckme.","neutral"
"Oh no, learning a while move set is so much work! But thanks, that's helpful. ","annoyance"
"Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.","amusement"
"Wrong person? Nothing I said could or should be construed in that way.","confusion"
"Weird, no formatting was applied. I changed to text","neutral"
"Interesting. See, that seems much more adult. And actually makes sense. The things we do in the US man...","approval"
"> But you will probably find you are noticeably worse looking at 40 than you are at 27. Well that's disappointing.","disappointment"
"That's why he should learn from his mistake.","neutral"
"Free will is about not having to justify everything you do. It's about spontaneity. It's about doing things just because.","disapproval"
"[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.","admiration"
"But where is the center of the Overton Window?","neutral"
"Idk is this is a lie or something, but I’ve heard people say that over 1500 independent observers found the elections free and fair","confusion"
"All the best. Safe travels.","caring"
"How can you tell","neutral"
"Ok so how do I put money on this? Because I do not see Mac shelling out the goods to make that happen","curiosity"
"I started with : - Anatomy of the State by [NAME] - Economics in One Lesson by [NAME] - The Law by [NAME]","neutral"
"“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really","disapproval"
"My mums told me about gunmen standing at the end of her driveway escorting her family to school, really shudder worthy stuff","fear"
"Weird, no formatting was applied. I changed to text","neutral"
"Right but you don't have to pay it a living wage, provide insurance, and it can't unionize. ","neutral"
"Poverty has taught me to be practically happy with being hungry, especially considering when you finally do eat you'll be in fucking heaven","joy"
"U would be right. Oh yeah yeah","approval"
"I hope she will. I will regret it until she does and even after that I may still regret all I did.","optimism"
"Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.","disgust"
"Can we ban this person? Post history is sketch. Thanks in advance!","confusion"
"Ignorance is bliss","joy"
"I'm so sorry. Hang in there.","caring"
"Do you have anything special you say to yourself to help facilitate that? I think I might need a snappy mantra to remind myself to chill out.","curiosity"
"You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .","caring"
"Oh hey I have those jeans","approval"
"ALL ABOARD THE HYPE TRAIN!","neutral"
"I feel like i really want to go learn metal casting from [NAME] now","approval"
"Lmfao. Omg I’m dead. Please do more of these somehow","surprise"
"[NAME] wife has wanted him done with wrestling for, oh, the last 25 years or so.","confusion"
"The second kid won. No question.","neutral"
"I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this","anger"
"Oh damn, look at that areshole telling the truth. Get him.","anger"
"Hey, at least he finds women!","approval"
"No where was I blaming [NAME] for the lose but he didn’t help. I just dislike his game.","disappointment"
"**DRUMPF IS FINISHED** - said every liberal, every day, for the past three years. ","neutral"
"Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.","optimism"
"here’s to the highlights when i was convinced that this was much more than just some some-night shit I know you don’t need me right now ***cries in Blonde***","neutral"
"My First thought too! I get really bad stress knots in my neck and shoulders. I just don’t dare to ask every Damn day it hurts","disappointment"
"I thought that too, just work hard you’ll get there ","admiration"
"Doing the bus story would be interesting-- perhaps interviewing some drivers who have encountered a ghost.","neutral"
"You should come. You'd enjoy it.","joy"
"Beautiful shot!","admiration"
"How much money did you find exactly? If it was a lot then you probably took their cash and the bones were left as a warning.","neutral"
"Hurt his ankle but he’s okay apparently","neutral"
"Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.","disapproval"
"That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl","admiration"
"Just what I need; a video of my commute to work so I can enjoy the experience in my free time.","joy"
"Damn [NAME] is KILLING it","anger"
"Their tickle fights were interrupting team meetings","neutral"
"Uhhh... unfortunately I can't read the article due to some regulations...but pretty sure that post is just the article","neutral"
"Thank you, man🌱","gratitude"
"Yeah, but malice with the *intent* to solely intimidate OP? Doubtful. More like malice with the unlucky byproduct of discovery by OP.","confusion"
"I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.","amusement"
"I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.","sadness"
"Like racism? No thanks.","curiosity"
"I’m glad you are here. You got this.","relief"
"How do they know how tall you are while your sitting in your car. Such bullshit.","annoyance"
"FYI: Time in Europe works the same as in the State. We do not have 'weird time'","annoyance"
"I’m so glad I watched this entire thing. That’s incredible.","admiration"
"Kids are curious and brutal. If she actually spoke in front of the class about, she'd probably leave crying.","neutral"
"The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.","disappointment"
"I didn't know that, thank you for teaching me something today!","gratitude"
"SCREENSHOT THIS.","neutral"
"Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.","admiration"
"[NAME] came a long way since the nervous wreck he was the first year. or.. two.","neutral"
"Glad you came to your senses. Go feel uncomfortable about Lola bunny in Space Jam again.","annoyance"
"If it's legal where you live, then it doesn't really matter what anyone thinks.","disapproval"
"Why was this post removed? It wasn't even bad.","annoyance"
"I ate my mommy and daddy","annoyance"
"Perhaps not a mainline souls game, but you can't deny the similarities to Soulsborne games. It's basically an iteration on the formula. ","disapproval"
"Take on me time!","neutral"
"Gun ownership isn’t a hobby or recreational. It’s a right you’re born with independently of where you’re born.","approval"
"I couldnt help but laugh out loud. Pure stupidity coming from the mother. No other way to put it","neutral"
"Anyone have that mirror?","curiosity"
"My husband and I are expecting a little boy. We will refuse to do the whole "man up" thing. No toxic masculinity here hopefully lol","optimism"
"But the Hijab is mandated by (and therefore connected to) political Governments and political groups that otherwise do some pretty oppressive things.","neutral"
"Canaryproject.org is great. They hold people accountable for saying horrible racist things.","admiration"
"Little kids are the best because they're just like "Wtf?!?!?""","admiration"
"Was this at Meadowvale? I wanted to take a pic but had my gloves on","approval"
"Happy Birthday [NAME]. You wont read this message but itll be here.","love"
"It reminded him too much of being in bed with [NAME]","neutral"
"I'd love to collab with some reddit folks on NFL Draft prospect scouting, rankings and mock drafts if anyone is interested.","desire"
"I’m pissed wood only knows how to skate in one dimension.","neutral"
"Every season the timeline moves up a year, thats why they don't age. ","neutral"
"Hahaha yes, exactly!","amusement"
"No one wants the wrong person executed for a crime fool","desire"
"Only if I can get one with [NAME] on the back.","neutral"
"Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard. ","neutral"
"Is diy crafts getting ready to go to jail? 'cause these are some jail life hacks.","neutral"
"...says the opioid addicted narcissist with multiple untreated physical and psychological ailments and is completely unable to work with anyone but his own clone.","disappointment"
"I watched the first loop before it registered what she was doing then my brain locked up and I made a noise like smeagol being strangled.","surprise"
"I always have the subtitles on. So I don’t miss a single 💎!","neutral"
"No? This is literally saying that a wall would be useless, unless you also wanna build 40-50 feet beneath the ground.","disapproval"
"This exchange made my day. From a female doc, thanks for getting it. ","gratitude"
"The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.","optimism"
"Yup, even if they had a very rough life... Nobody ages thaaaaaat badly.","approval"
"I got a far related cousin that killed himself this exact way. A branch punched back the chainsaw right back at his forehead.","disgust"
"okay, this is epic!","approval"
"v0.1.2 should have multiple versions, one of which preserves 1RN. Additional info on the linked page.","neutral"
"For real we swept Tampa last season? EDIT: Wow we did, our playoff run against them was a different story ","neutral"
"Honestly, whatever kills the hangover. I do bacon mac n cheese and a spinach smoothie. Weird combo, I know. ","realization"
"Also linked with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is virtually done.","neutral"
"Oh because all fruiting plants were bred by humans, ok TIL","realization"
"i meant that either one has no scientific backing and was just made by random people, knowing how much people love lables","love"
"I just got the same thing from a piano class I took in 2014. They have sent it to me twice in the past hour.","neutral"
"[NAME] didn't remember lol I'm dying","amusement"
"Thanks for the kind words but some things are in fact permanent. Still I appreciate your reply. Thank you.","admiration"
"We really need to sign a new CB now with [NAME] out injured. [NAME] isn't good enough yet.","amusement"
"Good because I've been waiting since September!","approval"
"Thank you.","gratitude"
"And we know how [NAME] ended. [NAME] should run away like now.","annoyance"
"I've felt number 2 so hard. "Working hard for what you don't want" is a thing. :(","neutral"
"oh thats rather weak then. kmt thought they would know better. its a reactable headbutt.","neutral"
"But that situation is not really what you are talking about, is it?","confusion"
"Unfortunate for him, but I'm bringing up players. >AND they can just stop being a support.","neutral"
"[NAME] is pretty fucking scary","annoyance"
"If I had that I’d stop working and travel full time. I do not understand the avarice of the wealthy. It makes no fucking sense.","disappointment"
"I love being down by 10+ constantly.... I feel like [NAME] gets dominated by literally everyone.","disappointment"
"Diesel with a 60gal tank","neutral"
"When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat","fear"
"11 years goddamit I’m old","neutral"
"Yeah it can feel a bit weird but I feel like Cali girls use dude for guys and girls so it's not an immediate L","disgust"
"Step one is done! Now just to get rid of the rest of the incompetence here.","admiration"
"I love how sly you are being","love"
"“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!","anger"
"Love how science doesn’t matter for human biology. What about climate change?","curiosity"
"[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.","disapproval"
"I'm sorry, but this has also caught my attention and I kinda want to see this screenplay.","remorse"
"My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.","joy"
"Fuck it, it's every man/woman for themselves in this fucked City. I've given up caring.","anger"
"Another trendy communist that doesn't know what communism is.","anger"
"Best I've ever had came out of a Disney cookbook my daughter brought home from","neutral"
"This person is going to be very surprised to learn how many college campuses require you to have UTD vaccinations...","optimism"
"Thanks for the reply! I’ll probably just smoke, as you said, once maybe twice a month. Thanks again!","gratitude"
"Oh that sucks good luck man","optimism"
"I was teased for being a virgin when I was a 6th grader- in 2005","embarrassment"
"[NAME], that is so horrible. I’m so sorry for you and OP.","fear"
"We all do it sometimes don't worry.","neutral"
"How close I was to retaining last year","curiosity"
" Whoa, my little brother had that toy! Awesome.","admiration"
"Ok this New England accent not so fun!!","sadness"
"Her meal looks pretty good...","admiration"
"That's so refreshing. Thanks a lot!","gratitude"
"This is his worst season since his rookie year","neutral"
"I didn't know they made phone calls ...","confusion"
"Let's go get you a Paunch Burger burger, soak up some of that toxin.","joy"
"Oh sorry- to be clearer, I meant everyone not on the APP looking for a scooter will get sick of seeing random scooters. ","remorse"
"Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.","anger"
"I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!","approval"
"Oh Lord...","neutral"
"Rule 3 removed.","neutral"
"Game pass has a lot of good games you get aswell, id look at them first","neutral"
"Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!","desire"
"He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.","optimism"
"Ha keep him on his toes","neutral"
"She’s trying to motivate him to have a normal life after prison. She’s just not doing it the right way.","neutral"
"You better be praying for me. I'm living in SO MUCH SIN!","excitement"
"We talk about PizzaGate too Why doesn't CNN cover Israeli interference in US elections? CNN seems to be aiding and abetting Israel in their meddling in US politics","neutral"
"[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams","disgust"
"well i’m proud of you and that’s awesome","admiration"
"I talked to her family previous co workers and friends","neutral"
"The miracle of life!","admiration"
"#But it's their looks!!!","neutral"
"The paradox is not working, then also collecting entitlements is still theft.","neutral"
"Don't ever be ashamed of who you are","embarrassment"
"What a sad end for this franchise. I doubt Fallout 5 will redeem it at this point... what a damn shame","embarrassment"
"Hold my wine, I have to go vomit in sorrow. ","grief"
"I went skiing in another state and ran into a gaggle of students. Distance guarantees nothing.","realization"
"Yes, I’m sure [NAME] biggest concern is New Japan getting criticism on Reddit.","neutral"
"It would be a little less irritating if the 10 cents you pay if you want some paper bags didn't go to the government as a tax.","neutral"
"I would not say just one ... It took both [NAME] AND [NAME] to screw this one up!","neutral"
"Pls provide a timestamp to their antimigration chants and bravado lol","amusement"
"That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.","fear"
"...by the same person even","neutral"
"omg ;; my boy heavy","surprise"
"Yeah deffo seen mom do that trick with a Hotdog :) lmao","amusement"
"That troll and his Kotaku cronies have no shame. None at all.","annoyance"
"You said it baby, can't wait to see what marvelous wonders the rest of 2019 will bring!","curiosity"
"good lookin out bro","admiration"
"I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.","nervousness"
"Yeah, he's trash. ","anger"
"i love that channel","love"
"How many attempts did that insane tech take to pull off?","anger"
"I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME] ","love"
"Grammar guy, sorry, but vicarious doesn't work like that. Did you mean various? ","confusion"
"Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.","gratitude"
"I spent a few months in LA and it freaked me out every time someone zoomed past me.","neutral"
"a guy named [NAME] had a nightmare of [NAME] getting shot at a live performance.","grief"
"Who cares, most people will be on their phone anyways.","annoyance"
"Is it that confusing to understand a food layerd with meat chees pasta aand sos we call lasagna","neutral"
"Honestly it makes me sad but [NAME] does need less time:/","sadness"
"Wtf if this is true it’s the funniest thing I’ve read all day.","amusement"
"My [NAME]. I think we have a winner. IT'S. A. REAL. PLACE. Best part","admiration"
"The Calgary Herald has extremist on their payroll?","curiosity"
"You are profoundly ignorant on this country. There is literally not one serious person who would contest the correlation between diversity and support for liberals.","neutral"
"> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.","disapproval"
"He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games. ","disapproval"
"This person shouldn't be allowed to drive ever again.","annoyance"
"This is me all the time, a mixture of anxiety and dread.","approval"
"Maybe that's what the jerseys looked like 7 years ago when that photo of [NAME] was taken.","admiration"
"If you read sub rules, you would know you can't post here. ","neutral"
"[NAME] playing great this half","admiration"
"ROOMS TO GO LOUNGE TIME","neutral"
"People hate him? Why? Most call him the most dominant player in CFB this year.","neutral"
"Tried it but meh. Uninstalled. Was super laggy","admiration"
"tHiS iS wHY TruMP wiLL wiN!!!!!1!1","neutral"
"The Swiss military used pigeons until 1994. are cost-effective... Anyway, sounds like DHL is your best bet.","neutral"
"I'm curious where this girl ended up today. She'd be around 33","curiosity"
"Thank you very much.","gratitude"
"I think it depends on the combo whether you can block or not. Right? Sometimes blocking works other times not so much.","confusion"
"Yes I do mean it positively and I have used a sous vide and it does come out looking rare","approval"
"I giggled. Then looked at my corgi and imagined him stuck butt first in a big wine bottle.","amusement"
"That's a scumbag move by the prof. That exam is not at all an indicator of competence or understanding.","disappointment"
"I can see that","neutral"
"The best way is killing people that don't know you. Also you could steal some things so the cops think that it was a robbery","realization"
"Here you go:","neutral"
"Can we all agree to stop lending credibility by calling tiny fringe groups like these "movements"? There are dozens of us! DOZENS!","confusion"
"[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...","disappointment"
"I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy","gratitude"
"never worth it.","neutral"
"Maybe you should reflect on why the left is full of [NAME]. I would also like your source on TD being white nationalists.","love"
"(Stupid) * (how many times you think you can pull it off without getting caught )","anger"
"Couldn't have said it better myself","sadness"
"Wish you the best of luck and greener pastures!","admiration"
"> I refuse to believe facts","disapproval"
"Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.","gratitude"
"i cant i have asthma","disapproval"
"Thank you for sharing this. May your friend rest easy and you find peace.","gratitude"
"AS AN ITALIAN MAFIA ONCE SAID "LOOK HOW THEY MASSACRED MY BOY" ","neutral"
""altcoin propaganda scammer", interesting reason for your ban -- I suppose LN could be considered an altcoin.","realization"
"He was also involved in a much less known NBC investigation into","approval"
"Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.","joy"
"I'd heard that too, but always thought their differences were more artistic/professional than personal... Oh well, people grow apart. We still got Aquemini.","neutral"
"Thanks, I was confused, too. I was like, "how did your grandma rinse vegetables??" Lol","amusement"
"When she asks how he lost his arm she is looking up to him","neutral"
"The simple ones feel elegant.","joy"
"I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed ","approval"
"We’re making all the MOVES!","neutral"
"I agree with this, but I'm guessing it's because he works from home and can work anywhere while she can't.","approval"
"I love how this is worded.","love"
"Yet another clown whining about discussions about bitcoin in a bitcoin sub.","anger"
"He’ll have ptsd every time he sees a cheeseburger.","neutral"
"Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.","neutral"
"I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%","approval"
"It's murder and the kid can die I don't care but call it what it is and let parents know their kids whenever they want","disapproval"
"He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal","admiration"
"The beauty of that is you won't need alcohol or drugs, you'll get a cute buzz going from the measles fever.","disgust"
"You can't expect him to like food","disapproval"
"Some randoms from his Minecraft sever probably","admiration"
"My reaction to seeing both of these lists","neutral"
"They're mad","neutral"
"The Russian goal is division. You know, the exact sort of division these people are willingly participating in.","neutral"
"Just in case anyone wants to know what [NAME] spent their day doing.","curiosity"
"Delete it fat","annoyance"
"Not autism though. What a relief.","relief"
"I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3","caring"
"I understand now. Thank you for your thorough explanation.","gratitude"
"If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.","caring"
"I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all","joy"
"If 23andme and facebook team up, you get a sample and find hee facebook user with the matching sample!","neutral"
"[NAME] was only OP when it came out. [NAME] was OP for so long. I'm still happy they finally did something to her.","joy"
"That's what happens when you're high.","neutral"
"That's a funny way of spelling "Don't make me feel bad about my bad choices"","amusement"
"[NAME] is retiring but I still agree with your point","approval"
"A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.","sadness"
"haha someone's gotta rep for our struggling sports programs","amusement"
"One of these vids should end with [NAME].","neutral"
"This. Its not uncommon for [NAME] at all. The world seems to be paying attention more now and thats the only difference.","annoyance"
"I was going to ask the same thing! There are dozens of us!","curiosity"
"You don't get it, they mean *these* types of immigrants, not *those* types of immigrants","disapproval"
"Okay will try to contact the restaurant owner/manager","optimism"
"You most likely went through foster to adopt. Private adoptions are insanely expensive. Insanely. But, you probably knew that if you actually did adopt.","neutral"
"I'm accusing you of framing [NAME] for murder. Where are your records?","neutral"
"Lmao there referring to what [NAME] said in episode 3 🤦‍♂️","amusement"
"The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.","admiration"
"I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun","disapproval"
"Go check out the Secondary Bill of Rights It's a good start for unionizing","neutral"
"Introducing, PortaBoobies. Boobies, when you need them!","neutral"
"This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it","admiration"
"Huh our foster loves being snuggled in a blanket, but our dog we've had for 6 years hates being covered.","excitement"
"i was leaving areal comments not pormotions but acctually i was leaving many","disappointment"
"Ha! I did have an internal arguement earlier whether to ask him why but thought better of it!","realization"
"This could be x-posted to /r/religiousfruitcake","confusion"
"Same here. The ones who know me and my obsession always let me know and it makes me happy.","joy"
"And that still doesn’t change my speculation. Cops could have gotten it wrong on the front end when getting the warrant","neutral"
"Vegas favorite getting No picks. That's gotta be pretty unusual","love"
"Makes sense but honestly the FO needs to accept they drafted wrong and just trade for DSJ for the sake of the team","desire"
"Sorry, no punch line today. You guessed correctly on half an apple tho. Cheers","sadness"
"Where do you think it belongs? Why?","curiosity"
"Thanks- I'll take your advice.","gratitude"
"cool cool...","excitement"
"I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :) ","optimism"
"I wish there was a way to separate the moderation function of karma from the “I agree with you/I don’t agree with you“.","optimism"
"Congratulations, and Happy New Year! May it be as sexy and as prosperous as you could wish for. ","gratitude"
"Sure? Money is still being used by them instead of the government wastefully taking it","approval"
"There was definitely 90s-drama-film-esque piano music playing when this unfolded.","neutral"
"got enough rubies 😁 librals wouldn't know what saving is even if it hit them in the face! 🇺 🇸😎🇺 🇸","disapproval"
"honestly i don’t think logan paul meant anything except to sound woke so he could get attention","annoyance"
"Honestly, I wouldn’t want to poop without my phone either. Gotta scroll reddit while I’m poopin!","disapproval"
"you got me [NAME]","remorse"
"Yeah, there are a lot of things this sub hates.","neutral"
"Da real MVP","neutral"
"You poop into my butt, then I poop it back into your butt...","neutral"
"Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.","anger"
"We are there right now. 🍺","neutral"
"Where did they film it?! Is it at real Pine Gap? Love the show, binged first season one eve😍","admiration"
"Thanks for catching that. Fixed.","gratitude"
"That's what I said! I'm like "I wonder how he kept that much of the profits?!"","curiosity"
"That feel when your friends are all relieved by your insane driving skills.","pride"
"Thanks! Having a look.","gratitude"
"Haha fucking gottem","annoyance"
"I go everywhere, the XP and money make it worth it. ","neutral"
"Had a buddy fly from BC to Ontario yesterday with an illegal ounce in a ziploc. No problems.","approval"
"If you hold the trigger after you shoot you don't unscope with bolt actions","neutral"
"Fucking hell they're bringing on all the giants","disgust"
"Sometimes your brows just hypnotize me","admiration"
"Isn't this kind of what America is all about","curiosity"
"Despite having lived here for 10 years, i've never been to portillos, and given this, it's somewhat unlikely i start going now...","neutral"
"I would love to get microblading but its so iffy about if it’ll be good or not. I’ve seen a lot of terrible turn outs","admiration"
"GUYS WHAT IF THE PEOPLE WHO ARE UPVOTING THE HORNY IMAGES *ARENT* THE SAME PEOPLE AS THE ONES WHO DONT LIKE CAMILLA WHHOOOOOOAAAAA","annoyance"
"[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] could see that they were tipped off. ","realization"
"lmao i wish it was 10 am for us in south america","neutral"
"I know plenty of [NAME] that look down on 中国人 Like they’ve forgotten the whole reason Singapore exists","neutral"
"Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.","embarrassment"
"it's a joke","amusement"
"Because they are idiots.","neutral"
"That woman is on the fast track to being ostracized from that group real quick.","neutral"
"There better not be any more DNP games for [NAME] the rest of the season","neutral"
"Eh, keep it here. There's plenty of need for content that isn't about politics or antisemitism. Food is fun for everyone to talk about.","amusement"
"Still don’t know how [NAME] said him and [NAME] will be battling for years while keeping a straight face.","neutral"
"My friend with BPD has just done this very thing when I moved down to their city. Have become a total stranger.","realization"
"Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now","amusement"
"Being scratched by a cat is not self harming","caring"
"Reality is often disappointing","disappointment"
"I love u too <3","love"
"Duck fuck goose","annoyance"
"Not with that attitude we won't. There are some developments that may change your attitude in the very near future.","approval"
"I’m glad I’m not the only one.","relief"
"Weird flex but okay","neutral"
"And that whole [NAME] thing too","neutral"
"Had a great time playing overwatch, but only *some* of us were getting too drunk for everyone's entertainment >.>","joy"
"i was agreeing with u/sixstringersoldier guess my analogy wasnt clear","approval"
"I can't help but agree with the headline at the bottom, bright side (the YouTube channel) is annoying.","annoyance"
"Good demo","approval"
"Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.","gratitude"
"Ech even if he wanted to just be friends i dont think its okay to just ignore you like that. I think you dodged a bullet.","neutral"
"thanks for the warning :)","gratitude"
"Ive got these too, any tips on how to remove/make them less obvious?","neutral"
"Maybe the Lightning are willing to make a move for him to secure some playoff depth.","neutral"
"That FPS is *smooth*","neutral"
"I'm watching it for the first time now. He's perfect for the role lol [NAME] is a god to me now","neutral"
"I’m not a republican","disapproval"
"Why is it embarrassing?","curiosity"
"Your attempts to belittle me show only more insecurities on your part.","approval"
"wait... so are ugly people downwoted all the time or they don't post or what is going on here...","confusion"
"My great aunt was saved by the serum delivered by this dog.","neutral"
"> Clothing predates religions though Can you cite that? It seems like a somewhat interesting question.","excitement"
"The level of protectionism is insane. This just allows Baidu to expand its monopoly.","neutral"
"Check out the name of the guy above me I was just making an EFT joke","neutral"
"He does look old. Could just be a poor rendering because [NAME] doesn't look so good either.","disappointment"
"This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.","desire"
"Depends on who rates you. They don't all do it. I stayed at 5 till about 40 delivery, then it started moving around alot.","approval"
"Every season the timeline moves up a year, thats why they don't age. ","neutral"
"Dam boys, we announcing players back in training like new signings! ","approval"
"I love how having high standards is used as an insult here.","love"
"aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging","desire"
"omg I remember be exactly like this and being so excited, gahhhh I might even believe I’m more excited than you hahahah.","amusement"
"Hence the apology note.","remorse"
"You're right, thank you.","approval"
"Roger that, I'll see if I have any in store~ Thanks!","gratitude"
"Is it public? Are they aware of what's going on *all the time*? It's not as cut & dry as you think.","curiosity"
"I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.","annoyance"
"Yeah man, did the trick for me. ","pride"
"[NAME] i feel personally attacked","neutral"
"I'm the plane boy! I'm the one who flies!","neutral"
"nice try balance team","admiration"
"Well, that doesn't suck. That blows chunks.","neutral"
"Iq designed by the military to see who would be the best pencil pusher subordinates","curiosity"
"OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol","neutral"
"I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.","disapproval"
"Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks","disapproval"
"Yeah. I don't even know why I was filming lmao. I hit #1 good. Definitely a miss on #2 though.","confusion"
"I thought so too, glad I asked.","gratitude"
"You’re attacking me and need to stop","neutral"
"For now maybe We can however solve the energy crisis with money, the migrant crisis not so much.","neutral"
"😂😂😂 YES and she fired all her bridesmaids because they didn't text her to ask if she was excited that her wedding was a week away","neutral"
"Gets kinda itchy.","nervousness"
"I don’t set an alarm I naturally wake around 4am. Love my mornings.","optimism"
"Explain how British farmers taking common aborigine land in Australia to be used as private property 'isn't rooted in colonialism'.","disapproval"
"She ran a laughably bad Senate campaign in 2014 and hasn’t gotten positive PR since. Not too worried.","amusement"
"Maybe this will convince them we need mass transit! Haha.","approval"
"It's soccer. He was faking the injury anyway.","anger"
"[NAME] the curse is real. This ones on you LeBatard.","surprise"
"well she went to prison for **armed robbery and kidnapping** so after learning this i could hardly give a shit about her","realization"
"Omg just drink some water then bro lol","amusement"
"...and let her clean?","confusion"
"You might enjoy this","admiration"
"lol i've done the same with the pan flag, one time literally drew it on the sidewalk and explained what it was, somehow nobody got it...","amusement"
"Bless you!","caring"
"Fuck I’m hungry now.","anger"
"Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error. ","approval"
"Ok, so don't report anything then and keep whining on Reddit about it. That will surely help.","optimism"
"I've been called ugly, pug ugly, fugly, pug fugly, but never *ugly* ugly.","neutral"
"That’s nice. If you know anything about Nazi history, you know the party made its platform up on the fly. ","neutral"
"I hired someone who previously worked for Dunkin when I was still in my old store. She worked one shift and ghosted on us.","disappointment"
"Remindme! 243 days","neutral"
"I love that logic "I don't like it so it must not exist."","anger"
"I sure don't","neutral"
"Your welcome. A simple “thank you” would’ve sufficed. Didn’t need the long-winded response. r/ChoosingBeggars","gratitude"
"Wow good on you! I hope to have similar progress this year. How’d you do it?","excitement"
"I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.","neutral"
"Have you tried finding other communities to join? Now I know ex-[RELIGION] communities are not that common but just non-religious communities should be rather commen right?","curiosity"
"Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better soon!","nervousness"
"Thank you for the advice!","gratitude"
"Happy B'day for Thursday!","excitement"
"And just to continue the tradition, they reported on building 7 falling 25 minutes before it fell...","disapproval"
"Nah, just gotta aim better.","joy"
"Does that make a meaningful difference? Which organisations is he talking about? No specifics, just a general smear of experts.","neutral"
"Me neither. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Freaky mind of mine!","disapproval"
"I mean I like the park and I was surprised by that poll too","surprise"
"Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?","confusion"
"Slightly obscure I like it. I’ll add crash.","love"
"This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS","disgust"
"i remember my grandparents seemed to hate each other. my grandpa had a hearing aid and when grandma starting nagging he'd reach up and turn it off.","neutral"
"I am not saying that I think many of the latest disputes my husband and i have had ours for a little while longer.","disapproval"
"Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.","curiosity"
"I meant the first part. The second part was uncalled for.","neutral"
"[NAME] everyone hated that map on lans we played.... but i loved it and forced it up their throat","approval"
"THERE IS NO LEFT PHILANGE","neutral"
"Looks more like [NAME] to me","neutral"
"Same...except that I'm not good looking :","neutral"
"Again, “citing Buzzfeed news”... I stand by what I said!","admiration"
">We should just turn the word "love" into "rape" so that liberals say they rape their moms!","neutral"
"I love the DC movies :(","love"
"Not significantly bigger. UK is approximately the same size in terms of land mass as Romania right? Which isn't significantly bigger than Syria.","confusion"
"I'm beginning to wonder how I lived before without these daily posts.","realization"
"It's 3 Calling Cards I believe, and one sticker for getting Flawless. Other than that, no (unless you wanna count bragging rights).","neutral"
"My wife is out for shabbos and I'm so lonely without her :(","disappointment"
"That is not a snake its a tree, it looks like some sort of beach tree to me.","confusion"
"Oh thanks I didn’t pay really attention haha","gratitude"
"I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!","approval"
"Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).","optimism"
"At least it isn't your living room.... hey, wait a minute!","confusion"
"This is super duper nasty","annoyance"
"Sad to see this as a one-off. [NAME] seemed to be really enjoy the game and itself. Will give the game a try.","neutral"
"Not a point I’m trying to make. 👍","disapproval"
"Why would the landlord pay it if electric isnt included. Sorry to OP, need to cut the heat down","neutral"
"Happy New year!","excitement"
"Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!","relief"
"Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha","amusement"
"I am confusion","confusion"
"blocking [NAME] run ? Very bad","curiosity"
"I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight","sadness"
"What makes you say that?","anger"
"why would you have kids? why would you chose not to be with that girl with big boobs? you dumped her?!","annoyance"
"My dog died on New Year’s Day and I wish I could have give her one more treat. She just seized up and died :(","optimism"
"I cried reading your last posts. I’m so sorry about what happened. I hope you are able to make a change in their system.","optimism"
"Maybe. The only other time both sites of players should be fully baked is just before a world cup but that's not a good time either.","confusion"
"And you can't really see the bottom part so that's probably small too. Really grosses me out","neutral"
"Don't get excited yet...","neutral"
"Honestly, that’s wife material. Get on that! ","approval"
"I appreciate the dedication, but they really didn't have to be silent for three quarters of the game.","admiration"
"such a deep and powerful tweet","neutral"
"Is that [NAME]?","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME] have a strange relationship, I can see them teaming up to go to Kings landing for vengeance together.","neutral"
"Im glad I am able to help others, even if its just yourself. Stay strong and look after yourself. You can do this 💪","approval"
"You probably just have a fashion preference, if you arn't dysphoric about it then you don't have another gender really. ","realization"
"> hands down i see what you did there","neutral"
"Even after reading all your posts, I still don't understand... 😑","confusion"
"2 is less user friendly but it can be fun. As long as you turn chat off. And hate yourself already.","embarrassment"
"Heels are fucking hot. Do you like the crop used on you, him, or both?","annoyance"
"I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬","disapproval"
"A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.","sadness"
"Get big, whatever it takes.","neutral"
"Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔","annoyance"
"From my experience minoxidil only stops loss, unfortunately it doesn't encourage new growth","caring"
"Then I'll be accused of being a racist.","realization"
"MDC!!!!!!!!!!!!","neutral"
"Is this cronometer? Thanks.","confusion"
"Fleur is already a French word, adding the la isn't really frenching it up fyi It's changing "flower" to "the flower" :)","annoyance"
"Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!","amusement"
"Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.","sadness"
"Short answer, you can’t. Your making that sacrifice","disapproval"
"The life of a bus driver is harsh.","caring"
"I think she was trying to demonstrate that such solutions are practical even if politically difficult. But it was a sloppy analogy.","neutral"
"It's titled "Manhattan!!" And Yankee stadium in *the Bronx* is the only non-Manhattan location ID'd. Classic moron.","disapproval"
"B-But big pharma is great! Vaccines everyone! Vaccines! We love big pharma! They never lie! Come on start circlejerking!","excitement"
"...But I don't think you'll find that delving into the minutiae of criticisms here will enlighten you. With respect to my STC cohorts ;-)","neutral"
"congrats on trying to correct american english with british english, two separate things","gratitude"
"I don't define myself by my sexuality. Conservatives who want to kill me do.","annoyance"
"HOW DID I NOT THINK OF THIS","anger"
"That will never not be true though","neutral"
"Damn why you gotta do my man [NAME] like that?","disappointment"
"Yup [NAME] got cucked","approval"
"I enjoy cycling too much lol","amusement"
"At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.","neutral"
"Isn't that what most of the old people forced to rot in assisted living facilities want?","realization"
"Wuf! Who needs plates? ^(...wait for it...) *[NAME]* *Dog* ^(...ahem...)","confusion"
"Is not that safe here are links I posted in other","neutral"
"It was inevitable, after so much cultural shading of men, that “toxic femininity” would enter the fray. Welcome.","disappointment"
"The old bear","neutral"
"I see some text on dark background is mesmerising.","admiration"
"Maybe because those are real, tangible things and not lines of code","approval"
"Thank you too. I know this sounds like a circle jerk, but let’s kill them with kindness, lol.","amusement"
"This. Literally this post. This post is a good start. :)","neutral"
"Well, that one time, I was very constipated...","embarrassment"
"He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!","disappointment"
"i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.","love"
"I laughed in my beard.","joy"
"You sound like my gf. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.","love"
"[NAME] in Congress are fine with with beefing up Border Patrol but [NAME] wants his goddamn wall.","neutral"
"Actually the chat is fairly centrist and there’s nothing wrong with having English as your second language","approval"
"Yes! Though I also do sofrus. Learning to write mezuzos and another megillah at the moment.","neutral"
"Thanks for the great response. Btw I’m not British, I’m an [NAME].","gratitude"
"Shit okey I think I’m ready","annoyance"
"I like [NAME]. Sue me.","love"
"thank you for your consideration but i like both","gratitude"
"Outdoor cats have less than 1/3 the lifespan of indoor cats. 5 years rather than 17.","neutral"
"She could have handed him her phone and said, "Fine! You try it!" ","confusion"
"Is the fruit named after the colour, though, or is the colour named after the fruit?","neutral"
"For those who are wondering, that would leave you with about $1,000,000","neutral"
"I read this silently to myself yet everyone around started clapping because of this kid","neutral"
"I used the term very loosely!","neutral"
"Has he done this with other world leaders, too? Or only [NAME]?","neutral"
"My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.","approval"
"Because all those delusional people be doing the same shit in their real life.","annoyance"
"Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.","nervousness"
"But you'll downvote and complain but not provide any reasoning for your complaints? You sound like a child. Grow up.","anger"
"Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.","annoyance"
"Being a jerk and believing yourself to be right or the victim creates a messy mind.","disapproval"
"Yep that’s the problem I have. Can’t make friends","disappointment"
"Wanna trade lives? I'd gladly take normal height with hair and have the same experience.","curiosity"
"Yeah after an hour he started walking and eating. But for now he’s staying inside my home for the week","realization"
"This game like 30 dollars on Humble Bundle on PC. When it goes down again (sale has expired) I'll try to buy it again.","neutral"
"It took you a month to answer and every single word is wrong. That's almost an accomplishment.","neutral"
"It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey","disapproval"
"Not sad or cringe.","neutral"
"You know the answer man, you are programmed to capture those codes they send you, don’t avoid them!","caring"
"This was a decade ago.","neutral"
"I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.","sadness"
"Maybe yes, maybe not. But in the end she still is an adult that choose to have sexual intercourse with a minor, regardless of the gender.","neutral"
"Congratulations, it is satire!","joy"
"Love that car","love"
"No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.","confusion"
"Fuuuuck. I feel this. In my core.","anger"
"Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!","neutral"
"I like it but it’s my least favorite [NAME] solo album because I like his other albums more","disappointment"
"Wolf does have a pretty nice ass in ssbu","neutral"
"Nice, I didn't know that! Thanks for the info.","gratitude"
"If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!","love"
"He’s close. Flip [NAME] to fish for [NAME] Then go out and get [NAME]","neutral"
"Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.","annoyance"
"The adults are a bit drunk and I just got called an anti social bastard Pray 4 me","annoyance"
"It's actually just the [NAME] they hate. [NAME] is just their current object of scorn","remorse"
"i would agree with that. i still dont see a good reason not to provide daycare though.","approval"
"I would be like pay me than or I won’t do anything for you again!","annoyance"
"What a comeback! I was jumping around the living room the last few minutes","admiration"
"Never mind, 4(b). I wasn’t trying to come across in that manner.","relief"
"He's been cheered for years now.","joy"
"[NAME] and [NAME] = The hero's we need, but not the hero's we deserve.","admiration"
"dude people here can be assholes. there’s nothing wrong with taking a break.","approval"
"You guys don't know what you're doing to me","annoyance"
"Exactly why I’m saying we won’t land KD ... but Knicks fans do know a lot about dreaming.","disapproval"
"Many men don’t really understand that","neutral"
"Mouth hugs!","gratitude"
"I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.","caring"
"Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old","surprise"
"Just Kontrol Freeks since my strike pack died. Going pack to paddles when I get the chance though.","grief"
"They’ll find out that I’m no goat. I’m the troll that eats the goats under the bridge.","disgust"
"I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this","love"
"True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.","approval"
"Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.","admiration"
"Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)","grief"
"Pretty sure he's just quoting a song lyric lol source:","amusement"
"Im so interested in learning more about the Garrison EU.","excitement"
"That's no hero to me.","neutral"
"ah that explains things. people have brought him up a few times to me, I run all the pig subreddits and my name is also [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Just say you value the friendship too much to jeopardize it with complicated red stuff.","annoyance"
"Because teams do dumb things when they’re desperate.","annoyance"
"One time, she punched me in the face. It was AWESOME.","admiration"
"Neat stuff!","admiration"
"Dear [NAME]. What country is this?","neutral"
"Oh man is this true. Coffee has a seriously negative effect on some people! I'm 39 and just figured it out this year","disapproval"
"As a painter in a body shop, this pains me to watch.","sadness"
"Our father is looking down on this ugly world from the sky.","neutral"
"I’m really sorry about your situation :( Although I love the names Sapphira, Cirilla, and Scarlett!","sadness"
"Left or right, doesn't matter, just laugh at statists on all sides ","amusement"
"This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography","admiration"
"Like many TIFU posts, I don't believe this one.","disapproval"
"And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?","amusement"
"I love when they send in the wrong meat, it’s only happened to me once,","love"
"Well there’s a shocker.","neutral"
"This is scary.","fear"
"July 15, 1996: Yanks to the Rescue! The Secret Story of How American Advisors Helped [NAME] Win","neutral"
"Hope this scenario changes for the better. Else non affiliated scholars might overtake the academia in ushering real breakthroughs that would change the game.","optimism"
"I like you [NAME] :)","love"
"i didn't knew your toe can get that flat without breaking the nail in thousand of pieces","neutral"
"I like how the [NAME] stood there like what the fuck and then just accepted his death.","admiration"
"It was never implied as such. You simply mistakenly interpreted it that way.","disapproval"
"Yea even I felt those rocks.","neutral"
"Thank you and likewise to you friend!","gratitude"
"This would be completely ludicrous. Turkey can literally just drive tanks over these guys if they want.","amusement"
"Wants to stay with the Texans too.","confusion"
"At least her granddaughter will grow up to know her worth. *Oh wait.*","neutral"
"Wow. I thought the antivaxxers couldn't get any lower. Boy was I super wrong.","excitement"
"So what about it is chicks then?","confusion"
"Aye me, it's shite and the folk who follow it all think there cool, bore off","neutral"
"Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis. ","love"
"Small penis and resulting anger issues.","neutral"
"Never understood the attachment to cats personally, letting them in and out and back onto the bed. It’s just not normal and gross.","approval"
"You know more liberals want more gun control than regular [NAME] do, right? ","annoyance"
"Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.","joy"
"Suns fan here, I firmly believe you guys keep number one. Just having a bad game ","disappointment"
"This was a hate crime. Cut and dried.","anger"
"Loved seeing [NAME] play for us, but definitely excited to see what [NAME] can do.","neutral"
"Well being very close to the border, I know lots of [NAME] and your guys' hugs are always warm!","admiration"
"There are a few. I've gotten a couple messages. Thanks for the support but people judging my throwaway account... who cares?","curiosity"
"Please LivePD, we have less than 20 minutes left, let's not spend them wandering through the darkness in Mission.","disapproval"
"thats one proud daddy!","admiration"
"Be the difference you want to see in the world.","neutral"
"It’s cool lol, no hard feelings","amusement"
"Me: I dont like [NAME] My Mom: sHeS aMeRiCaS fAvOrItE lEsBiAn!11!!!!","neutral"
"but he got a chainsaw hand. that's pretty cool","admiration"
"Giggled so hard","nervousness"
"I never said anything about that lmao","amusement"
"How can he be cool? Pretty sure he has sexually harassed women.","annoyance"
"Do you have cash app?","neutral"
"Not relatable I am not cool in public","annoyance"
"This person drew it mocking them, the artist isn't an actual [NAME], they used to post pretty frequently here /r/maxcellcomics","neutral"
"Ranked #3 edge defender in the NFL, 25 years old, and makes our division rival weaker","neutral"
"That would be an unfamiliar feeling","neutral"
"It isn't a bad thing if the population in question is low IQ.","approval"
"She did NOT try hard, that's the problem.","caring"
"The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh","fear"
"It's the same with librarians. Out someplace, see someone with a confused look, and that autopilot kicks in. ","confusion"
"This is a toxic behaviour.. get rid of him as soon as possible.","annoyance"
"bruh, in what way ","neutral"
"Lucky you, some people have all the love ","love"
"Oh Lord...","neutral"
"Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.","desire"
"Move bitch get out the way.","anger"
"Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster","disgust"
"O cool noworries ya I don't actually hate [NAME] he's now my favorite player for Vegas.","optimism"
"Love reading these kind of posts! So happy for you.","admiration"
"This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!","optimism"
"Proud of you!","admiration"
"They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk","approval"
"Omg [NAME] I can't stand Orange anymore after watching wentworth","joy"
"Is ketaconazole scheduled?","confusion"
"[NAME] face be like: “When you wish you stayed home instead of being embarrassed in front of 100+ million people...”","neutral"
"She probably has a kid by now.","neutral"
"Stafford Starford Starlord OMG!!!","excitement"
"I'm in. Hopefully I don't end up on the dumpster fire that is the Oilers","relief"
"She represents window licking retards.","annoyance"
"Same. OP go hug your mom and tell her she matters to you and your brother. Support and love would be your best bet.","caring"
"What if [NAME] shows up? I heard he loves Mexican food.","neutral"
"Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.","sadness"
"just read it... how do these people get away with such garbage decisions.","surprise"
"I thought I was the only one","realization"
"There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.","caring"
"Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately","sadness"
"Wha? I'd love more background on this.","love"
"Between POM, Mata and Stockdale for me","neutral"
"I wonder what number he'll wear since he can't wear 20.","surprise"
"Yes, the Raptors need to stop committing dumb fouls.","annoyance"
"Wow.... So many people here apparently don't know poly relationships exist.... Just say thanks. Why would it be weird?","relief"
"When I get a brain freeze, I grab my chest and throat. Very painful. Then i keep eating. ","neutral"
"Same. OP go hug your mom and tell her she matters to you and your brother. Support and love would be your best bet.","caring"
"[NAME] said the GOP is the most dangerous organization in human history","neutral"
"Good luck!","gratitude"
"Thank you bot.","gratitude"
"and as soon as I said ni IPAD tonight, I was like GIRL what the fresh hell is tonight gonna bring! ","annoyance"
"this is my new favorite phrasing. I've been calling it bingemas since about mid-December.","love"
"Anyone considering bed - we all knew coming in that AO means two weeks of no sleep. Persist!","neutral"
"I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain. ","sadness"
"Mmmm...just won it back too. But wasn't given the fief...","neutral"
"So glad you are safe. It looks like icy conditions, too, so that is great that you were able to avoid this.","caring"
"I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...","approval"
"lol this is good.","admiration"
"I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job","approval"
"You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.","neutral"
"you're misinformed","neutral"
"Really surprised I had to come this far down to find this!","surprise"
"Please no hate it’s my first post bro please","nervousness"
"I just give a dead stare and say I'd rather be dead than pregnant. I rarely get a response.","neutral"
"Yeah I think it largely depends on how you fall. In Judo that’s one of the main things they practice.","neutral"
"Oh, it's that time for you. Sending hugs. ","love"
"You da real MVP","neutral"
"You should have gone and joined her for a drink.... That’s my dream... Eventually sit down and enjoy a drink with my siblings.","desire"
"I get that but there may be some folks out there that aren’t like that. Any help would be much appreciated.","neutral"
"Every right requires someone else's labor. The whole - / + rights thing is a stupid argument.","disapproval"
"Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.","desire"
"[NAME] is just the man to accept that! ::cough:: MELO ::cough::","neutral"
"That's all [NAME] had to do with his egg, instead he decided to bathe with it to make things weird","disgust"
"Women cheat way more. They have unlimited options like a kid in a candy store. Most men couldn't cheat if they tried","neutral"
"I look cuter in red P’s.","pride"
"Cheers for the reply ;)","excitement"
"[NAME] and Resident Evil Biohazard, great afternoon.","admiration"
"That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>","admiration"
"Somehow I feel like it needs an NSFW tag.","approval"
"I like this a lot","optimism"
"Right, and the names would be different.","neutral"
"Like have an anti interventionist foreign policy.","approval"
"What a beautiful response!","admiration"
"Thanks so much for taking the initiative to do this! Not all heroes wear capes :)","gratitude"
"[NAME] really getting roasted every chance. I think he is just misunderstood. I hope he shows up.","nervousness"
"I shout at my kid from the sidelines to stop fucking about with the draw-sting on his shorts...think I've got a shot?","neutral"
"Lol 3 likes and 15 dislikes.","neutral"
"I think not including a question about favorability of [NAME] was a missed opportunity, given the questions are clearly written by someone involved in the rationalist community.","neutral"
"It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.","approval"
"Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?","anger"
"Play stupid games stamkos, win stupid prizes","annoyance"
"I'm sorry to hear this. I hope you can find something to make you feel happy in the new year.","excitement"
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying "libertarianism is astrology for men"","love"
"lol what? The worst defense in the league? [NAME] its like we're trying to tank.","amusement"
"Non-stop fun.","joy"
"I’m tired from working hard and I want someone to snuggle me to sleep","nervousness"
"[NAME] can hug them too.","neutral"
"Which one had to shower outside with the hose... [NAME]? That one was so sad to me","sadness"
"Over under pistons score 87.5","neutral"
"Okay that was funny lol","joy"
"Solid. Giving the other customer sauces for free was especially petty, I like.","admiration"
"Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia","approval"
"I believe that you should tell him, tell him lovingly it may help him understand how much you were really hurting","approval"
"I'm new here. Can you help me understand what you mean? I read Jacobin quite a bit.","curiosity"
"Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.","annoyance"
"I have soo many questions!","neutral"
"> eaten out by their coach","neutral"
"Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!","optimism"
""Sad" but "true" There you go I fixed it for you.","caring"
"Mate you're only 20, you'll laugh at how ridiculous what you said is when you're older. ","optimism"
"Hmm, is there a "buy drink" feature on reddit? Lmao","amusement"
"Thanks, posted there!","neutral"
"Canada can't rely on US at the moment, so they'll have to hold out until the next president. ","neutral"
"..... sigh.... gross","neutral"
"I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work","optimism"
"Thanks for all these suggestions!","gratitude"
"The inspiring post was secular wanting to involve frummies....on secular terms","neutral"
"A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!","amusement"
"Oh well, okay, it worked!","optimism"
"> The cold hard truth is that they are the source of most of the antisemitism in Europe. Citation needed.","realization"
"What a god","neutral"
"[NAME] shoots 2-10 but shakes his legs around after dunking like hes doing something this game","neutral"
"[NAME] isn't facilitating anything between South and North Korea. The only thing he can take credit for is no longer threatening "fire and fury."","neutral"
"Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh. ","joy"
"Unique in a subreddit dedicated to finding concurring views? xD Oof","annoyance"
"When I can see them while a call it's okay it's only when they stand in front of me","annoyance"
"Forehead kisses, and any of the cute nicknames he calls me [NAME], best feeling being in his arms [NAME] I miss it all","disappointment"
"It makes us more determined to tank for Zion","excitement"
"They'd be a 16 year old stoner or 61.","neutral"
"So glad I discovered that subreddit a couple months ago. So good...","admiration"
"I feel like they would look at one of the Spurs assistant coaches if they were to part ways with [NAME]. That or maybe [NAME]","neutral"
"Looks like Russian agitprop is pivoting to Tulsi. [NAME] can kiss his chances for 2020 goodbye.","neutral"
"....it’s just raining on my face","nervousness"
"I appreciate it my guy! I try my best to really do research behind my opinions so I appreciate the call out.","admiration"
"Damn straight. It’s a new year, and our troubles are just opportunities for future success!","optimism"
"[NAME] Damn [NAME]","neutral"
"Saints Chiefs matchup would make for a great Super Bowl","admiration"
"I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.","remorse"
"Thank you!","gratitude"
"[NAME]. growing some ladyburn1974 as part of my first grow. thank you!","admiration"
"No disadvantages in stereotypes.","neutral"
"He's also a chaser and is convinced that shouting at someone is an escalation from a shooting spree. He is incredibly dumb.","neutral"
"It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype","admiration"
"I hope there's a 3rd jump ball.","optimism"
"The older I get the more I just want to sit and be still on psychs","neutral"
"wrap it as a package and take it to a bad neighborhood and leave it on someones front door step.","annoyance"
"Pleasure!:)","neutral"
"Maybe. But I can’t think straight and she is the only person who could save me right now, and she’s gone","neutral"
"[NAME] is trying not to laugh through his lines and hoesntly I love it.","love"
"I think you should manage your hopes and expectations that you have about her. Start dating other people. Let her go","approval"
"Good to know! *Makes note to Grand Revenge Scheme draft 2.doc to only slash three of the ex's tires*","relief"
"Wiggs stop that thing you do with your tongue man.","neutral"
"This little piggy went to the hospital...","neutral"
"You are sexy af","admiration"
"Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!","admiration"
"boi that nose job","neutral"
"It still has the potential to be permanent if no alternative is found.","approval"
"Oh, I ripped one 😉🍁🔥😗💨☁️💯☁️🤙🏻","annoyance"
"I need to amend: Fuck the Patriots and fuck [NAME] in particular.","anger"
"Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too","desire"
"@lies_about_flossing, sorry if I used the wrong pronoun.","approval"
"But the guage isn't usable in matchmaking and all items, including smash balls are typically off.","neutral"
"Yep, famous German basketball player. 7’ tall. ","neutral"
"Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.","fear"
""You're a good man [NAME]." Yo [NAME], are you watching the same show I am?","neutral"
"[NAME] is always the dirtiest psychopath","disgust"
"I knew I'd see him here eventually. I really like his animations. They're cute and funny","admiration"
"This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping","approval"
"WHEN IS SOON YEEZUS KRIST","neutral"
"Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.","realization"
">[NAME] & [NAME], [NAME] are only DMs who could be best DMs at the moment Three completely different players. ","neutral"
"Most non immigrants won't do farm work for peanuts either","disapproval"
"Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.","joy"
"I'll always be here to accept you. :)","caring"
"Haha, well it sounds like its done too good of a job!","joy"
"Yeah I tried it the best was just 100% scale.","joy"
"That's ruis intentions","neutral"
"Surprised he's in. Imagined he was concussed. He was on another planet for a bit.","realization"
"I’m glad people are calling your lying ass out about CF.","joy"
"love after lockup makes DOT posts look like the most sensible things ever!!!!","excitement"
"Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app","annoyance"
"thanks, just sold my house to go all in","gratitude"
"Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish. ","disapproval"
"[NAME] poisoned them both","sadness"
"I didn't realise there was only one car on the road?","neutral"
"if you look closely, the joke is people fighting on the internet for literally no reason","amusement"
"What a loser, sad. ","sadness"
"He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.","anger"
"Signed jersey from the Bulldogs 2012 team.","neutral"
"women, you need to make sure the men in your life are the best men that they can be. you are perfect buy our pink razor /s","realization"
"I make it a point to toss it real loud in the QMOS bin so they see where the shit goes, [NAME].","neutral"
"Goodbye trust.","neutral"
"The guy who tied a shotgun to a balloon so the gun would float away and it would just look like a homicide comes to mind","neutral"
"If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Ah gotcha. Thanks.","gratitude"
"I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.","sadness"
"i just don’t think we are aggressive 100% of the time","anger"
"Did the same thing more than 20 years ago and I still think about it periodically. Brutal.","approval"
"I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point ","confusion"
"Loved it. Can't wait to see more.","curiosity"
"Our mod is an awesome mod","admiration"
"No, he was hecka hungry and coming down to McDonald’s would mean being caught.","approval"
"Holy shit they’re already in the bonus","neutral"
"Hopefully you get a good bashing soon","anger"
"That's terrible. I'm sorry for your loss.","sadness"
"This is brilliant.","admiration"
"Workers of the world unite! We have nothing to lose but our chains!","pride"
"No amnesiac was my friend.","disapproval"
"Did they really have overhead projectors in the late 00s/early 10s? If so, how underfunded was your school?","curiosity"
"Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved","embarrassment"
"Yeah I was just trying to save some money and I've been alright with G2A before","neutral"
"Can’t wait to go!","excitement"
"Are you saying the ones who suffer most are billionaire psychopaths? I’m confused by the wording.","confusion"
"That’s pretty damn good","pride"
"There will *always* someone gaming the system. Always. I still donate food for the other 999 people that really need assistance to get over a tough time.","neutral"
"Thanks for your insight","gratitude"
"I sorta love it? Except the legs, but the faces are cool as hell. ","neutral"
"You just going into the posse menu and buy the persistent posse. It costs $200. Good luck ❤️","approval"
"Cold approach is a huge waste of time due to the ratio of success-failure","neutral"
">the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.","disappointment"
"Because [NAME] had a foot injury that I think he sustained at practice for the second half of the year.","caring"
"What is the protocol for those seeking asylum? Do they get a fast-track to refugee status if their asylum is granted?","neutral"
"Because sometimes the middle is still wrong","disapproval"
"You actually seem like an abusive alt yourself.","embarrassment"
"wondering what the hookup scene is like in the north woods of Wisconsin?","surprise"
"that seems like more of a food fetish considering its already cooked.","neutral"
"any therapist will tell you emotions are valid even if they are irrational. Which i think is one problem with many TiMs.","neutral"
"I don't swallow toothpaste idiot","disapproval"
"I'm glad you did because this was the comment where I stopped my fast scroll haha.","amusement"
"Looks like modern art tbh but its good","gratitude"
"I hope all the best for you. Keep posting in this sub when you need help, but always run it by your physician/therapist before taking any advice ","optimism"
"Yikes. I feel sorry for the team that gives him anything above 5.5","annoyance"
"Oh [NAME] lol the cringe is palpable","amusement"
"False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol","amusement"
"But... I really like taking a time for myself","neutral"
"[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.","disappointment"
"For games starting at 7, the bus was leaving the hotel around 4:30, I think.","neutral"
"Can someone put it in slow mo","neutral"
"That was one of the first thought I had too. Three!!","neutral"
"just when you think it can't get worse...","caring"
"Looking like a kid didn't exactly inspire men to treat me like a sexy woman, even though I was cute as a button. ","love"
"Looks like one of mine too. Such a horribly raised entitled rude brat","disappointment"
"[NAME] expunged my paraphernalia without consent and I called the **LAW TIGERS** to sue him for damages.","neutral"
"Is this [NAME]?","surprise"
"Pretty sure [NAME] would punch someone for that.","admiration"
"I’ve been there and it’s above a highway, feel like that might raise some eyebrows haha","approval"
"Do you make a point of letting everyone know you don’t believe in [NAME] every time you see a religious reference? Or just this one?","confusion"
"I think we can all agree that this is the right answer.","approval"
"Maybe time to see a doctor or psychologist? Although a bit of social anxiety is normal and not necessarily the disorder.","realization"
"Is this Futurama?","neutral"
"So did mine! And I'm now one myself. Sending a trillion hugs and props to you!","love"
"Once they saw the purple hair dye go into the Amazon cart, they got real scared. ","neutral"
"I love them, it's so fun to jump around everywhere","joy"
"next time offer dude a hit of your weed, ive been waiting for that to happen to me","curiosity"
""do y'all think I'd really come out lookin like this unless it was forreal" She's got a solid case.","neutral"
"Lol. Yes, the contractors know","neutral"
"Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.","annoyance"
"That’s a real article ? Oh [NAME]...","neutral"
"It's clear for me that you've never been even close to a brazillian suburb. /s","neutral"
"Just tell her how you feel and make the next move","neutral"
"This is great advice. The minions here will automatically down vote due to username.","gratitude"
"Completely disgusting.","disgust"
"This is why I'm a communist. Eat. The. Rich.","realization"
"No actually my therapist is amazing! I've just had bad experiences with doctors in the past. I meant I'm worried the doctor will say that.","admiration"
"I can't stop trying to parse it. Lick (my) azz; lick Ms. [NAME]) azz; Chevy('s) lick azz.","neutral"
"No, he was hecka hungry and coming down to McDonald’s would mean being caught.","caring"
"You seem slightly sensitive... I was actually thinking we had been infiltrated by the normies","approval"
"It would've been pretty funny in May. Not anymore I'd say.","optimism"
"Well she ran with a bunch of soldiers before anf so I would imagine she had a colorful education in these matters.","neutral"
"The admins do not recognize the "np" link. They've said so.","neutral"
"It’s nice to look at the comments and see other people who don’t like this.","admiration"
"There is apparently an Imperial Remnant proper in the Neu-canon, centred around imperial core worlds. We don't hear very much from them.","neutral"
"okay thanks!","gratitude"
"The name he asked if I was, was some foreign name. It was so far off from my actual name I thought it was a joke at first ","confusion"
"it doesn't happen all the time","disapproval"
"I do. but some people love it","love"
"Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].","optimism"
"Clam is what your looking for.","approval"
"Ruin and set back race relations","disappointment"
"My money is on [NAME]. Doubt [NAME] is back up next yr. [NAME] looked.good last preseason. I was surprised he didn't beat [NAME] then.","curiosity"
"So where are all these [NAME] lining up to be landscapers and farmhands for minimum wage?","neutral"
"It’s the format. It’s like one of those bad [NAME] memes","approval"
"We give them too much money.","neutral"
"From "woohoo!!" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds.","fear"
"Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me","disapproval"
"Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.","admiration"
"It's like [NAME] said. They get motivated by a bad loss, they win a game, get unmotivated, and lose badly again","annoyance"
"Right like interacting with each other having a normal evening? Ugh they’re both so trashy I’m sorry.","remorse"
"[NAME]?!?!?!","curiosity"
"Well I can say 100% it didn’t go well.","disappointment"
"It would be quite difficult, considering that I don't actually have any to begin with, hence the question. ","neutral"
"Out the playoffs [NAME] already showed he can't lead that Pacers team when [NAME] went down.","neutral"
"If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.","admiration"
"I don't even know what your asking now","disapproval"
"I sure do.","neutral"
"I think I know why [NAME] put you on this earth. Go on now you have a job to do.","annoyance"
"Lmfao i don't know why this is so funny","amusement"
"They should wear the Burger King too","approval"
"Congrats to you","joy"
"2nd fav dunk after [NAME] on [NAME]. Still get chills seeing [NAME] go nuts on the bench.","neutral"
"We absolutely can't leave the first three rounds without an offensive tackle. Preferably Round 1 or 2","neutral"
"When you’re having a dream and the psycho is coming for you but you can’t move...","fear"
"Oof. This physically hurt me to watch.","disapproval"
"I refuse to accept that","disapproval"
"I mean... I'm [RELIGION] so...","neutral"
"It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.","annoyance"
"When people are insecure, they'd rather have somebody who is strong and wrong than someone who's weak and right, - [NAME]","realization"
"Bet there are some disappointed - and yet newly disciplined - [NAME] who got tricked by that subreddit title.","disappointment"
"Yes, which is why I hate the term "ranked choice voting".","anger"
"I’m sorry but I don’t think you do","gratitude"
"Ah, thank you :D","gratitude"
"They didn't have a "bullpen" when they won the WS or when they went to the ALCS last year. They will get by as always","admiration"
"You're in the best place in Canada for outdoor activities.","admiration"
"he had the shits","disgust"
"Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make getting there a hell of a lot easier.","admiration"
"that's fair. problem was that some of these responses make a fairly incorrect generalization.","approval"
"Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.","approval"
"Is there a source link? Id like to put it as my screen saver :)","desire"
"You're not wrong. Hahaha","amusement"
"Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate, ","love"
"They hated [NAME] because he told them the truth","anger"
"Haven't heard that it has to be under the stars (ie at nighttime) specifically. And that one happens to be only a few centuries old.","neutral"
"I wasn't meaning it as an insult or anything, sorry if it came off that way. ","remorse"
"Saw [NAME] of Big Bang Theory many years ago without makeup and she looked awful, and that was when she was pretty","admiration"
"I’ve only gotta PC, so I legit googled this thinking that this was actually what happened hahahahahahha","amusement"
"yes Yes YES # YES","amusement"
"Take each penny and give it a good look... to sneeze and lost the count. Again.","admiration"
"Oooh, edgy!","nervousness"
"OMG are you serious? Do you know what episode? That's horrendous! I'm really disappointed in [NAME] on that one.","disappointment"
"I found it really kind.","admiration"
"Dude it's not even 11am yet. Most of the University students and young professionals who comment in this sub are either at work or at school.","neutral"
"I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!","caring"
"Yeah, I killed this post. Reddit is a great place and I'm glad I made my suggestion here.","desire"
"wtf i love basketball again.","love"
"I wish to find my best one.","caring"
"Pedophilia is a gender, shitlord","neutral"
"Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!","approval"
"Maybe he thought they meant HOKEY!!!! Like “the hokey pokey”. Lol","amusement"
"Oh hey, someone with a brain. Rare round here. ","amusement"
"I guessed that but I’ve never seen a bun like that","admiration"
"Why does that matter?","confusion"
"My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.","grief"
"This fuck needs to sthaaaaap","anger"
"She is only good if a team has good communication. (And this is a ~600hr sombra main saying this.)","approval"
" No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...","excitement"
"Fair enough, but in most countries, still illegal. Also highly unethical. Then again none of you give a damn about ethics.","neutral"
"Hypothetically if [NAME] makes a run with foles and decides to trade wentz, I’d give up [NAME] in a heartbeat","disappointment"
"Need a big lead and we have [NAME] shoot 3s and [NAME] waiting for the rebound!","pride"
"She's still looking for her [NAME], maybe? :)","neutral"
"Where did he ever want to nuke women's rights? Could you provide me with a source","curiosity"
"Can you spend a week reviewing ? That is totally what I would do. Come up with some fun games you can play.","approval"
"Oh... Cool","admiration"
"at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock","amusement"
"You didn't need to split this into two posts...","disapproval"
"Glad I could help!","joy"
"Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now","optimism"
"A little optimistic to call it trolling. He's pretty Damn stupid, let's not put anything past him.","caring"
"How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!","anger"
"Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)","approval"
"Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.","sadness"
"I would’ve preferred not to be vaxxed as a child, bc then I could’ve died by now","realization"
"Impeach “fouty” five!!","neutral"
"same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.","anger"
"Thank you so much!","gratitude"
"HIPAA doesn’t care if you take insurance or not with respect to the privacy rule or the security rule.","approval"
"Don't you have a cashier to hassle somewhere? Go find something without a price tag and then tell them "I guess it's free!"","amusement"
"I actually laughed at this","amusement"
"Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.","anger"
"The street drugs here are laced with fentanyl, i think I’ll do something else","neutral"
"This is so uncharacteristic of him /s","confusion"
"You deserve it <3","gratitude"
"They won’t find my house once it’s painted in go-away green...","approval"
"YES!!!!","approval"
"Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great","neutral"
"Yeah it sort of sucks now.","disgust"
"I posted the picture on this sub. I'm not sure how to link on mobile, but someone else posted the link on this thread.","neutral"
"That's a big meal.","joy"
"Uhh don’t you mean [NAME] and [NAME]? They were so sweet together! /s","confusion"
"Yes, that is correct. I knew what you meant though:)","approval"
"I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.","disappointment"
"I knew this was a Shitpost before I clicked it. Is this an INTJ thing btw?","neutral"
"He sunk their house into the ground and blamed the architect and every episoode after that his beard gets a little less washed 🤔","realization"
"Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.","curiosity"
"Oh definitely, there was reports of [NAME] and his supporters using Spam to spread misinformation throughout the entire campaign.","neutral"
"Have either of you or anyone else in your newsroom faced personal threats because of your work on this project?","curiosity"
"But at least you could Get to [NAME] more quickly.","neutral"
"WITH not without","neutral"
"I really hope not. Personally I have no interest in VR games, and not even my favorite game would change that.","optimism"
"Sorry about your poor trolling. 3/10.","disappointment"
"The "richest" country in the worlds royal palace banquet hall filled with cheap mass produced junk food and they love it.","love"
"I filed for divorce this morning. Hoping he moves out in the next day or so.","optimism"
"Ooh, I have a fascination with North Korea, and now I need to check out that book! ","desire"
"Love this answer.","love"
"The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.","disgust"
"Remember, we created gods in our image. ","neutral"
"You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.","embarrassment"
"37?? He looks 47. Hard life...drugs and alcohol.","confusion"
"And here's quick exercise. Can you list five little things you're grateful for? Not big things...little things.","confusion"
"That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.","disgust"
"Prosciutto pizza is nice, but how can you fuck it up so badly that it ends up here?","admiration"
"Looks nice, thanks:) ","admiration"
"Yess! Some of my favorite lines from the trilogy. [NAME] killing joke monologue still seems very relevant today.","excitement"
"Oh wow I love this!","love"
"This year would’ve been the year to start it... we’ll likely be losing the heart of our team after this season","disgust"
"Alright imma set small goals for myself thanks for tip man!","gratitude"
"Yeah. If they actually tested their patch, they would've found out about these things.","neutral"
"What do you mean by delicate flowers?","curiosity"
"Hello from McAllen too ♥️","caring"
"Honestly right now I just need to know why our usernames are so similar. Haha...","amusement"
"[NAME] is a socialist I believe. He also seems like a lovely person.","gratitude"
"that is how you start the second half wow","neutral"
"Cool, but what's your point? You gave some context without really saying what you think.","curiosity"
"[NAME] pulling in his inner [NAME]","amusement"
"Meh. Everyone's entitled to their opinions. I won't lose any sleep knowing they think my opinion is garbage. I am at peace with it.","relief"
"Hopefully with in this day and age where there ar rapid technology improvements, this child will be able to live at least a semi normal life","optimism"
"Garlic butter baked chicken.....put garlic butter on chicken and bake.","neutral"
"[NAME] i've ever seen, nice to see that money doesn't ruin a good marriage","approval"
"O cool noworries ya I don't actually hate [NAME] he's now my favorite player for Vegas.","approval"
"Damn that is spicey","neutral"
"That’s a stud combo, that Baker jersey looks so sexy as a classic","admiration"
">sentence more severe. Debatable, I'd rather be dead than have everyone think I relentlessly molested kids. ","desire"
"worst case of life is unfortunately apt here, eh?","sadness"
"Both are on the right though.","approval"
"You're welcome","neutral"
"[NAME] needs to be thorough when looking for clues. Who knows what kind of sneaky business might be hiding in that plant.","curiosity"
"Take this down my dude. This is cruel.","disgust"
"Literally every man, hell every person, has things that weigh on them. One type of person gets a lot more positive support though. ","annoyance"
">provide a credible source. You first. For each claim.","neutral"
"It's cute that she thinks [NAME] thinks of her as a friend","neutral"
"He's not even HC, he's interim... relax chief","relief"
"I talked to her family previous co workers and friends","joy"
"Well, that's mean :'(","sadness"
"I never thought about that. Good point. Cursed and wilted rose, unlike [NAME] rose emblem.","neutral"
"You're getting your french fries from the wrong places, then.","neutral"
"Oh nice!","admiration"
"You are not the only one. I rage quitted UNO","disappointment"
"After [NAME] comment the stock prices fell and the [NAME] was never heard from again. Crab juice went up 4 points","neutral"
"Probably from the [NAME] that don’t understand that we can’t honor the coupon that expired","disappointment"
"Aladdin is my jam as well! :D","love"
"It isn't incorrect to use 'they' even when a person is explicitly a women/man.","approval"
"Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot","excitement"
"This reminded me a little bit of a story [NAME] tells about a [NAME] vs pack of Coyotes Skip to 48 seconds.","neutral"
"So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.","caring"
"Nah mate i think you have me mixed up with someone else. I am [NAME]. Pleased to meet you.","disapproval"
"Yeah it's a weird thing people do","embarrassment"
"That's adorable!","admiration"
"The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].","anger"
"You spend $175 a month for three people?","neutral"
"At least she showed a reaction...","neutral"
"No i know, was pointing it out for humor, not for any sort of accusation","neutral"
"You are normal. Very normal.","neutral"
"[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME] + [NAME] was fun. ","joy"
"Love the idea of these birds showing up during family gatherings and puking up trinkets","admiration"
"oh my [NAME]","surprise"
">the MESSAGE in the ad is absolutely positive (obviously), Are you sure that you understand the meaning of "obviously"?","curiosity"
"Totally looks like","approval"
"I knew a guy named [NAME]. Always wondered what his middle name was.","surprise"
"> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.","confusion"
">it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.","fear"
"Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him ","confusion"
"I dont think [NAME] is a fun drunk type of dude.","disapproval"
"Yeah that seems better if you know you are facing ToT","neutral"
"Its just a prank bro.","amusement"
"Good thing they were all about to jump when it happened. Do you know what happened to the pilots?","curiosity"
"This image is cropped to avoid showing the private passenger car NY plates. [NAME] has no need to pander to any ethnicity; he's term limited out.","neutral"
"Okay so it’s different for everyone You feel more motivated! I tho k it’s pretty interesting how people can feel More depressed on medication...","surprise"
"I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.","love"
"You too huh?","curiosity"
"I’m not listening to a fucking plant.","annoyance"
"[NAME] with the beautiful backtap","admiration"
"Oh jeez!! I didn't know! I retract my message.","neutral"
"The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.","neutral"
"I'll be honest - I just want new stories. Not prequels. Doing things in the past are just too limiting with storytelling.","approval"
"[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.","disapproval"
"Sleep > class Thats the only way","neutral"
"Be strong. I've felt the same way before in my living situation. I hope things go your way, keep us updated!","caring"
"Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!","admiration"
"poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.","sadness"
"Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field","excitement"
"Looking at the thread now, it seems that this comment was also deleted.","disappointment"
"Nah axe is ok","approval"
"Both teams played fantastically defensively, just because it’s not a 10 goal game doesn’t mean anyone played badly. ","admiration"
"So many of [NAME] haters dismiss his top 10 stat placement. Never understood that.","realization"
"Change it a^r^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^n^d","neutral"
"oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose","disappointment"
"Hot damn [NAME], keep punking [NAME]","amusement"
"This is absolutely lerfect, fantastic lunchpine.","admiration"
"He is a douche, but I love that douche!","love"
""No thanks"","gratitude"
"I mostly just feel like this life is a test I’m failing, and I’ll have another chance eventually ","disappointment"
"Funny they decided to show a bunch of T2 images demonstrating the chronic microvascular ischemic disease and omitted the diffusion which had the more interesting findings pertinent to TGA.","amusement"
"1 And I pulled it back in the same way she did. This was a few years before I was informed of the the preferred method.","neutral"
"You can read the report she was pretty busted up. You can restrain a woman without leaving her bruised up.","neutral"
"I am. I do! You're welcome.","gratitude"
"Clearly. Sometimes, this woman baffles me with her stupidity ","neutral"
"There is no evidence connecting him to the crime.","neutral"
"For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though","love"
"Lol, what?","amusement"
"Wow, great news bro!","admiration"
"I am and have dealt with the consequences, hence my amazing son. Like I said before, hopefully you don't procreate.","admiration"
"Yeah I know u irl you look like ur 36.","neutral"
"as a [NAME], trust me its not that great lol","amusement"
"[NAME] AND [NAME] ARE SO GOOD AT DRAWING FOULS ON 3'S","admiration"
"Is that you? I love it.","love"
"Id be glad, I used to take those off when I was a kid. I dont want brightly colored rocks in my brownie","disapproval"
"Because they aren't different subspecies","neutral"
"How to get badly injured in a room full of foam.","neutral"
"Which is one of the many reasons it should be paid.","neutral"
"[NAME] already setting records for most nicknames in the league. There is no way to stop this kid...","neutral"
"Thanks for posting this! And happy cake day!","gratitude"
"My favorite social network is Tumblr, they left out this one too. Not exactly an obscure website...","admiration"
"That is a deadly accident just waiting to happen.","neutral"
"Because we don't want another Cold War, or worse on our hands. Russia is a powerful country. Picking a fight could be very risky.","annoyance"
"Strong and stable...","neutral"
"What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!","neutral"
"And I'm sure grandmas in SC love the stereotype of the violent black man.","approval"
"As a person with autism and ADHD, at least I'm alive.","neutral"
"Ok but you're still arguing against specific religions not the existence of some type of [NAME], which it almost sounds like you admit could exist","neutral"
"It does indeed. 😏","approval"
"[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year","fear"
"So the article is pretty much nonsense.","disgust"
"Thank you for your service","gratitude"
"Assault weapon are 26 ton weapons used by the nazis and Soviets during ww2 I think you're mistaking it for semi auto rifle","neutral"
"Frame data won't save you from 50/50s that can be initiated off of lights in VT1. He's probably the most explosive character in the game.","amusement"
"Her face right befoe this needs to join the meme economy. The "I'll regret this for years to come" face.","sadness"
"That's a lovely thought, really awesome of you. Don't know personally but you could try contacting the Seoul International Women's Association (SIWA).","admiration"
"I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.","desire"
"Mental health issues get such a bad rap as it is. I appreciate this comment a lot.","admiration"
"Catholicism did start out as a cult of [RELIGION] at first until it rose to prominence in the world","admiration"
"Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife","amusement"
"I bet we have a scene of the new girlfriend fighting with [NAME]","neutral"
"that's weird... playing Smash Ultimate usually just makes me feel like drinking.","amusement"
"Happy Cakeday!","gratitude"
"[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy","admiration"
"His tail?","confusion"
"I personally prefer FIT to refer to these kinds of transphobes: Feminist-Identifying Transphobe.","neutral"
"Welcome to the new normal.","gratitude"
"heartless pores. “it’s just a volleyball.” it was his friend!","neutral"
"I like [NAME] better","love"
"maybe now it'll go up to 3 an hour😎","approval"
"I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.","disapproval"
"Stick around! Would love your input / POV!","admiration"
"He should just give it to you right?","curiosity"
"IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳","optimism"
"I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50. ","disapproval"
"He’s a douche because... why? He got turned on by some animal porn? Why does that make him a douche?","curiosity"
"i can't even stand up straight on a paddle board in the calmest water imaginable","annoyance"
"Have a nice day, sir. ","caring"
"I'm not going to look at your evidence. There's never been a shred of evidence!","neutral"
"Those in a position of authority at a school have to report abuse","neutral"
"Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.","admiration"
"i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up","neutral"
"thank you!","gratitude"
"Which you ultimately pay for in higher insurance premiums, court costs, etc. Dealing with big problems like this is a net positive for everyone.","neutral"
"Im sorry that I'm only able to give a single upvote for this wonderful, graphic, and accurate visualization.","admiration"
"I prefer the term window licker. The pub community loves the taste of windex.","admiration"
"I wanna take the hardware out of that guy's face with a pair of pliers.","neutral"
"I’ve always wondered why they play at ear splitting volume instead of one where you can enjoy the music.....","surprise"
"Try Venezuela. It's your communist utopia in action.","neutral"
"Thanks, we were kinda enjoying it at the time too","gratitude"
"[NAME], they've turned into jerks.","annoyance"
"And maybe you can divert her physical touch to something like holding hands, or putting your arm around her while sitting on the couch. ","neutral"
"I just worked 6 hrs today and already hate it lol work just sucks. I'm not sure how other people do it.","annoyance"
"See my previous post, I put them there! :)","neutral"
"Awesome. Thanks!","admiration"
"I know how you feel :( I hope you start getting more good days soon. <3","neutral"
"So he watches a movie documenting how a band became mainstream and complains about them being mainstream. O-k","desire"
"That sucks Crescent City, I hope you get the guys.... ","neutral"
"Do you happen to know which movie/book he is talking about? Would love an interview link if you have it!","love"
"“I still have a 7 year old” translation one kid is still an asshole 😂😂😂 Source have an 8 year old","neutral"
"Which means it isnt his fault? And the 4th? What the fuck was he supposed to do. stop blaming 1 player.","neutral"
"Yeah. [NAME] couldn't do it, [NAME] couldn't do it. It's probably not gonna happen again","neutral"
"True or False, you post in /r/The_Donald ?","curiosity"
"Of course I might not like it because of where I am at I’m sure not all places are so horrid .","neutral"
"I know we were all thinking it. I’m supposed to be a leader so all you sheeple better follow me!","neutral"
"Beverly Hills. They did a whole season about UNDERWEAR. I can't imagine why anyone would pick Jersey in this current phase of [NAME] domination.","surprise"
"So excited for the mauve album","excitement"
"My dog seems uncomfortable when I don’t. ¯_(ツ)_/¯","confusion"
"Maybe [NAME] anti could help. Make sure you kill him before the duration ends. Also, [NAME] works. ","caring"
"This is the sweetest.","admiration"
"Thanks [NAME] for winning so we don't have to see so much of [NAME] laughable career dwindling away.","admiration"
"Awe that one was just for me but I really like the post","excitement"
"Eh, says who? Anyway, I like being by myself. I'm by myself right now.","curiosity"
"[NAME] [NAME] Bros are losing their minds over this tweet.","amusement"
"I kinda like the swirlies in the hair. But then I saw that her eyebrow is actually just the hair and hated it.","disgust"
"Just look at Speedwagon. That man is... a beauty to say the least.","admiration"
"I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.","desire"
"That made me woozy... My head's autopsy turvy.","neutral"
"I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3","love"
"[](/ironwillthumbsup) True! Weird, but true!","approval"
"Burn themall!!!!","anger"
"Oh wow I didn't know this policy was in place in the 70s!","realization"
"Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.","disapproval"
"I dont think she knows that once your body runs out of fat it starts eating your muscles and organs.","neutral"
"worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW","disappointment"
"That actually gave me goosebumps. This is all the communication we need.","approval"
"You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute. ","realization"
"What to expect from a book author that has nfc that there is no "3D" in Unity's name.","neutral"
"[NAME] looks like he just saw the Star Wars holiday special.","optimism"
"Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.","nervousness"
"Thanks for the contribution. Really enlightening.","gratitude"
"The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious","joy"
"I want to taste their tears","desire"
"I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn","love"
">arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.","admiration"
"at least you got to experience that","neutral"
"I don't think aspergers causes me distress or anxiety. I think having to live in a society that privileges neurotypical modes of interaction causes me distress and anxiety","disapproval"
"Just out of curiousity, how does 4:3 stretched look on a 21:9 monitor","curiosity"
"I wanna win this game so bad FJB","desire"
"Yeah that's where my eyebrow went up. The liability issues alone would make it a non-starter.","approval"
"“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.","admiration"
"Yeah, but I just don't want to pay for a full blown wedding, those can get expensive.","disapproval"
"Lmao quality.","neutral"
"> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.","surprise"
"1. Divine Speech by [NAME] and [NAME] 2. Also [NAME] book on the topic","neutral"
"I gave up trying to be 'normal' years ago. But I get your point though.","approval"
"Hello fellow 2 *waves (I would honestly say 1 but apparently that's only reserved for deformities)","neutral"
"Wow, really have to hand it to you on knowing 6600 S Harvard beautiful big old homes down there!","admiration"
"Fuck [NAME] pai","anger"
"Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled","neutral"
"You can pry my eggs from my cold, dead, artery-clogged hands.","neutral"
"Not probable, I study in the best university in my country, I don't want to stop at all","admiration"
"Damn, we barley made it out of the Rockets game with a win according to that graph. ","neutral"
"To match the Mets green st paddy’s jerseys","neutral"
"Lol the actual state of this Nothing wrong with pointing out [NAME] was a cunt snowflake Suppose it makes a change from your usual woman hating posts","neutral"
"Good for you, maybe some day you'll come to an understanding of each other but familiarity breeds contempt.","caring"
"Ask him for as much help as you need though. Or anyone. You might be surprised as to how willing people are to lend help.","optimism"
"Better than mine.","realization"
"The fact that they're flying their drone in the rain gives me anxiety.","fear"
"Yep, usually if it was the other way around she would love both of her cultures.","neutral"
"I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!","disapproval"
"Only in portland","approval"
"The "dad" in that Pizza Hut commercial looks weird af","embarrassment"
"play chaos control if you want demolition then come back here and complain about getting spawned trapped.","disapproval"
"yes, agreed. ","approval"
"Errrrr a lot of those houses don’t look like they belonged to people who had servants, so the laundry mom theory stacks up a bit better!","neutral"
"You can be highly educated and still incredibly ignorant.","neutral"
"Also Republicanism is a belief system. It's taught and handed down like religion. Conservative talk radio is its evangelism.","neutral"
"He was young and he thought he was doing the right thing. No need to be rude about it.","approval"
"This just made my day! Thanks for the laugh!!","amusement"
"I hate you.","anger"
"I get it from (very Welsh) grandmotherly types at my work. Like they’re lovely but I’m 24??","admiration"
"That’s not how totaling works.","disapproval"
"Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.","anger"
"lmao i just laughed so hard at this, screw yates","amusement"
"Build a wall? /jk","neutral"
"He is just a kid, calm down and/or direct your anger elsewhere.","approval"
"nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol","amusement"
"Thank you much better now","gratitude"
"You are right OP didnt think this 1 through","approval"
"Man it’s easy to cut your wiener off. Easy!","neutral"
"if you see someone has the am logo as their only profile pic its pretty obvious they would be looking for an affair, at least to me.","optimism"
"I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]","love"
"Get out. And take your facts with you.","anger"
"Anyone else on the Knicks you would want then?","neutral"
"My bad on the phrasing, it’s more of a hole with a vent cover ","remorse"
"Only people who think they’re better than they are blame their losses on a grenade in the game.","disappointment"
"I mean who cares, this show isn’t built for perfection. It’s built for comedy. ","joy"
"that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing","neutral"
"I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed ","surprise"
"Happy Another Day random strangers!","joy"
"They do not believe in the NAP nor do they believe in property. Although [NAME] would balk at being associated with [NAME]","neutral"
"I hate when that happens.","disappointment"
"People talk so much shit when I say [NAME] is just a fast as [NAME] again, [NAME] just barely wins ","annoyance"
"Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.","sadness"
"Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all","admiration"
"Chances are you’ll be playing against potato players that are worse than bots, so I think you’ve got it in you.","optimism"
"I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.","approval"
"The Roy Laugh is the show's highest honor.","neutral"
"Haha I hear ya man. Congrats! It's a real ride.","amusement"
"[NAME] has been attacking the basket a lot this game,good to see.","neutral"
"Dilly dilly!","neutral"
"Left the spasms behind long ago, we're now at full on convulsions","neutral"
"That's this whole sub lol","neutral"
"I buried the hatchet with them last year. Phuck Philly","neutral"
"so did [NAME], she really held back","neutral"
"Relax everyone i'm sure USPS isn't going to cry because you didn't ship on the date especially if its on a weekend.","neutral"
"Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again","embarrassment"
"Parents should at the very least monitor the childrens activity or put an adult block on the websites","neutral"
"Oh good point! I bet the farthest they go is reporting to credit agencies. Which still sucks but he can always fight that outside of court.","admiration"
"The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.","joy"
"Where's the love button","curiosity"
"2019 should just be a picture of a trash can or dumpster on fire. Amazing how shitty DICE can make things in 10 years.","disappointment"
"Nice try Iwobi","optimism"
"Won't continue. But the positive thing is it's not on fire shooting. It's great ball movement.","admiration"
"I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.","disapproval"
"Depends, do you become so old and senile that you have dementia can’t walk and shit","annoyance"
"Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy","amusement"
"Honestly, it would be even better if she handed the reigns to a brick. Then no deal definitely happens and everyone's happy ever after :D","neutral"
""Don't be stupid and be a smarty, come and join the Nazi party !"","neutral"
"Yep gave me goosebumps.","excitement"
"Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.","disapproval"
"I love sliding so yea","love"
"Crows going to bounce back hard.","annoyance"
"I’m not sure what there is to disagree about. It was obviously a subjective claim.","disapproval"
"Making DC climate an unapologetic brutality with blistering dry winds and no snow on a typical day.","neutral"
"Things did not go well on Eros Station...","disappointment"
"How do we know you're not a Mossad agent? I mean, not right now but, what if you joined in the future? /s","neutral"
"Why would you miss school because your dad is in the hospital? Plot hole like you read about.","excitement"
"They 100% know each other, maybe not personally","approval"
"Kinda off topic but is the "More from this artist" broken for anyone else? Usually it just shows the same album 3 times.","confusion"
"That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>","amusement"
"im shaking and crying right now this is so powerful","admiration"
"That was the moment I fell in love with [NAME]. He was also really good in Frier Fall (Free Fall).","joy"
"If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.","disapproval"
"Enough food to feed the whole village just wasted","neutral"
"No problem! I've been chillin in capture the flag for couple of days now and she is super strong and fun in this mode.","neutral"
"It's not even artisanal? You're a monster.","annoyance"
"Oh shit. Is back?! Time to import","confusion"
"Beet Juice and strawberries on top to hide the ugly blob looking thing on top?","neutral"
"[NAME], don't fucking front the pass if your help defender is [NAME] he will not help you","annoyance"
"You're right! What a nightmare.","approval"
"not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert","annoyance"
"I love that show, that theme song is my ringtone, I never thought I'd see that anywhere else haha","joy"
" I didn't see any thinning spot. Again, it could very well just be the way his hair is cut this season. ","neutral"
"Oh Lord...","neutral"
"*Noveau riche* effect. American tourists were similarly perceived as 'the rudest' in the mid-century.","neutral"
"Apparently those corpses, along with hideouts, are the only ones that can give you treasure maps","neutral"
"I mean it wouldn't be the first time honestly- we have a mod thread every so often about Justno's in the news.","disapproval"
"visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!","optimism"
"It's almost like they actually prepared to govern instead of just obstruct. Remember "Repeal **and replace**"?","curiosity"
"this is my worst fear","fear"
"Im very interested. Contact me if you are going to set one up and want/need help.","curiosity"
">[NAME] pulls publicity drama stunt with mild success. FTFY","embarrassment"
"Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.","approval"
"The DPRK is ethno fascism","neutral"
"If you’ll check my medical records you’ll see I have a crippling arthritis in me index fingers","neutral"
"[NAME] has been really good this game and I thought he was good against the coyotes as well.","neutral"
"Sweaty little incel virgin","neutral"
"Tough deal haha. The recall just happened though so you may still have time.","neutral"
"someone woke up on the wrong side of the sleeping bag","neutral"
"I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued","disappointment"
"Literally anything regarding [NAME] and her weird fans belongs here","disgust"
"Ahhh, I was curious about that since I do both Postmates and IC at the same time.","approval"
"Typing burns too many calories","neutral"
"Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D","caring"
"Probably left the crusts on ! Borderline abuse right there !","disgust"
"I was killed by him I didn’t actually run. By the time he got back he wasn’t there","disapproval"
"That's not it, the game (sigil is a derivative if scrapheap challenge. Thanks for the suggestion I appreciate the suggestion though.","admiration"
"I was wondering if it's Oxford, felt like I walked under that bridge.","surprise"
">the ad, which has been both criticised and applauded Applauded by non-customers. Criticized by customers.","disapproval"
"If you want BCH to be successful on its on merits you have to vacate this subreddit.","admiration"
"We are not Barcelona or PSG we have structured wages.","neutral"
"Not sure if this means solution or obtrusion.","confusion"
"Don't hesitate to do it.","neutral"
"Bank of x .co .uk","neutral"
"I would have said ok well I'll just take this back to the store.","approval"
"Then enjoy your shutdown!","amusement"
"Wtf? Really?","anger"
"OMG kids are dying from polio??","grief"
"No.. that's the exact opposite of what they are.","disapproval"
"Omg... Yeah leave him sooner than later... Abusive men can kill women in the long future.","amusement"
"You’re a good man. Stay blessed","admiration"
"Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.","grief"
"Hey, it's working again! Somebody at YouTube must have given the server a whack, because suddenly the recommendations are making sense. I wonder what happened today.","curiosity"
"Lol, talk about a blast from the past! Your comment really doesn’t solidify any points. ","amusement"
"The complexity of the killie boo boys is fascinating","neutral"
"You have to be a patron for that.","neutral"
"Some call sharks the dogs of the sea.","neutral"
"im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3","joy"
"OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx","annoyance"
"That specific block is probably one of the worst in the city.","disgust"
"I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...","optimism"
"The stress that effects you stresses the baby before it’s born. It effects the bond you have and even your milk supply if you breastfeed.","neutral"
"I thought I couldn't get more depressed about last game, but.....","disappointment"
"Based on a quick google search, there are 65 species of possum, 1 of which is native to North America.","neutral"
"Please...amuse us.","neutral"
"There are courts. You need to document all this and let the judge give him a tongue lashing. Not that that would make a difference...","optimism"
"It took me, like, 3 hours to finish the shading on your upper lip. It's pretty much the best drawing I've ever done.","admiration"
"At least we’re in this together? 😓","curiosity"
"Men and women praying side-by-side doesn't make Israel any less of a [RELIGION] state.","approval"
"You're in for a real treat!","admiration"
"I just want to be alone in a cabin up north near flagstaff.","neutral"
"Not sure about [NAME], but I think [NAME] would win easily against [NAME]","excitement"
"20 seconds, how about you guys?","neutral"
"The reason I play quickmatch. I wont feel the shame..","approval"
"I think the scene with [NAME] kissing in the bathroom after Midge’s death is really good. Idk, maybe it’s just me. ","neutral"
"Love it. Be well [NAME]","gratitude"
"I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.","disappointment"
"Looks like [NAME] had the last laugh with [NAME]. Everybody was calling them foolish for not choosing Beale St.","approval"
"Say it louder for the Dwight’s in the lockers.","anger"
"It has to include a scene where Polio ruins his childhood. And he learns about raid low-irritant spray. Because that’s a thing I remember.","surprise"
"Wow crazy. Proud of her","excitement"
"You really going to claim our foreign policy is equivalent to that of Iran and Russia?","curiosity"
"i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.","love"
"Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.","love"
"Thank you for your help my friend","gratitude"
"Well that sucks","annoyance"
"@AOC for President 2028!","neutral"
"I can’t wait until [NAME] turns 21 so he can get a triple double too 😂😂😂","amusement"
"sorry it was absolutely not like that","disapproval"
"Oh, I'm dying to know if you noticed any reaction from him!","sadness"
"Now I wanna know how the hell did you stole the body of an NPC :o","desire"
"Not even going to open the link. Already know I agree with Sloss.","approval"
"SO SMUG!","neutral"
"Never thought I'd see the day lethbridge got onto SRD!","neutral"
"Tell them you Reddit while you poop. No one will dare question your bowel movement and you'll be free to share the story!","annoyance"
"my credit is not good enough for a loan and having no job would make it impossible to get 6k. and being able to speak.","disapproval"
"I refuse to watch this. Lifetime exploiting [NAME] gross behavior to sell 'entertainment'.","disappointment"
"> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.","admiration"
"I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.","annoyance"
"It's a great museum. Very graphic. Very moving. Very emotional. You might need a couple hours and some drinks to mentally realign yourself.","admiration"
"“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*","anger"
"Happy Cake 🍰 Day! 🤩 ⭕⭕⭕","neutral"
"Right now I’d have to say [NAME] new restaurant UB Preserve is my favorite place to eat. So good.","admiration"
"Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫","fear"
"I LOVE this.","love"
""I wish I could just be whatever my online identity is. Where's our internet singularity, scientists?!"","neutral"
"That is the plan!","neutral"
"The whole Summerside area is a wretched hive of scum and villainy. Source: I live in Summerside.","neutral"
"Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.","amusement"
"This would just be to make it on/off, [why make it look even more amazing.","joy"
"Pretty sure [NAME] graduated, and I would assume the [NAME] thing has to be related to the injury...","neutral"
"I tried doing it but it’s hard when you’re Indecisive and always want to remake the characters design","realization"
"Who tf told you that weirdo is left?","curiosity"
"You and me both 8 years wasted on an ssshole narc I don't know any good advice really just wanted to offer my support stay strong.","annoyance"
"The only winner here is this guys future divorce lawyer.","realization"
"The ending was awesome","admiration"
"Good to know. The little chapel in there is pretty gnarly.","admiration"
"Welcome aboard! May your pies be round and crusts be kissed with char.","gratitude"
"I don't think the blame rests entirely with America (those woh joined the taliban still made a concerete choice) but no US forces are not innocent.","neutral"
"We accept the love we think we deserve - Perks of Being a Wallflower","neutral"
"We also blame their money","annoyance"
"Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.","approval"
"Lmao your posts are always good for an eye roll","gratitude"
"The cost of centralized mandatory services is an example of socialism driving up prices. Get your facts straight.","neutral"
"deserved better :/","neutral"
"oh cool! Must be tiring for [NAME] though. Looking forward to watching them!","optimism"
"the dude wanted to watch the talking car show. geez. haha jk. thats freaking creepy","amusement"
"No thanks.","neutral"
"This is what he has to say about this 'natural' physique","neutral"
"Damn, super glue and band aids stat!","neutral"
"Be careful on there, some people instantly denounce everyone with a female avatar as “trxps”","caring"
"I wonder how fat activism intersects with animal rights tho.","surprise"
"same, just found it interesting and sent it so people could see. ","approval"
"Is it that good ? i'd need it too in that case :(","confusion"
"Wow! I just played my self","surprise"
"Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo","admiration"
"Thank you for your reply. It gives me hope, and I will your previous post in a bit.","gratitude"
"[NAME] that was funny too. She was mothering him the whole episode","amusement"
"Plot twist: they don‘t Want to Go To school","disapproval"
"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action","approval"
"I can only focus on that pastry.","admiration"
"Just got my nose pierced last week! So fun to have the freedom. :)","amusement"
"It feels oddly comforting and familiar that we suck at hockey again.","approval"
"Exactly. It just shows they can't make a good argument.","neutral"
"My friends who do a lot of flirting could care less if some ditsy broad blows it out of proportion.","neutral"
"If all else was equal it’d be a good idea but I don’t think it’s feasible.","disapproval"
"Incredibly stupid if they are caving to the anti-gun rights lobby! Not like [NAME] are big fans of gas-guzzling monster trucks...","neutral"
"Did you guys hear about the Pacers quiet start? Yeah, that's done, now.","neutral"
"Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis","amusement"
"That doesn't sound right but I don't know enough about stars to dispute it","confusion"
"Yeah I guess in perspective it really isn't a big number at all.","disapproval"
"The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.","anger"
"He's manipulating you by using his mental illness as an excuse for his behavior. He knows what he's doing too.","approval"
"Now you see me.... Too. Lol","amusement"
"I use them to lean against cause my lower back often hurts. But then again, any pillow could do that ","sadness"
"congrats to everyone who picked the over","admiration"
"i never knew i needed this","realization"
"Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?","neutral"
"He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this","caring"
"[NAME] shoots 2-10 but shakes his legs around after dunking like hes doing something this game","neutral"
"Close game but glad to see we came back in the end","joy"
"Siri "calling mom would be sad"","sadness"
"[NAME] YOU SLIME","neutral"
"Seems fun, wonder how she would have ended up if the ca er was not there","admiration"
"Man I didn't think our fanbase was this delusional.","realization"
"Is anyone familiar with what the post was about? Im guessing it was on the NYC hate crime?","curiosity"
"Here is the original post","approval"
"I'd enjoy a nice warm hug. Along with a delightful conversation. But that works too.","desire"
"I had the same thought","neutral"
"> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.","disappointment"
"How to instantly look 20 years younger!","curiosity"
"I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.","admiration"
"Also, if you start looking for your partner to get mad at you when depression "kicks in" then you're probably starting it yourself. ","neutral"
"You know, unless you die.","fear"
"Ugh. This is horrifying. Thank you for sharing.","gratitude"
"Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.","neutral"
"Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!","approval"
"The [NAME] camp is psycho. They're the same people that called [NAME] supporters deplorables.","embarrassment"
"Her expression kills me. *WAKE ME UP, WAKE ME UP INSIDE* ","fear"
"Lots of vested interests coming up with money as well as type investor donations.","approval"
"Poison is usually physically damaging","sadness"
"It's a minor part of the article. Trust me, there's actually a LOT of information that isn't olicity-related here.","optimism"
"But balance does not include the dark side","disapproval"
"He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.","neutral"
"tfw you were part of the comment chain but doesn't get to be in the meme. *INSADTINENS*","neutral"
"What you are describing is what I am feeling right now aswell. It's hard to handle the fact but atleast you aren't alone.","neutral"
"[NAME] a pro","neutral"
"If things don't fit, or you suspect them to be fiction, please report them. We do read those reports and take action on them.","neutral"
"I want you to, please tell me.","neutral"
"Come on [NAME], time to step up","neutral"
"I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.","neutral"
"This guy seems like a real genius.","admiration"
"i’m so sorry.....","remorse"
"They were tricked. It’s not like those politicians were being honest.","disapproval"
"I can’t wait to try the cleric class again!","curiosity"
"I was more responding to the "Michigan will be fighting against that all year." In two weeks, there's no preseason weight at all. ","neutral"
"Even if you don't act on them, you still should stay away. It's not normal to fantasize about doing sexual things to children.","approval"
"If you know it's the right thing to do, it's better to "lose" that person than to "lose" that opportunity.","neutral"
"Read. Smoke weed. Video games. Smoke weed and CLEAN ALL THE THINGS!","approval"
"It makes me mad when people steal them lol... chances are if you're nice I'll just *give* it to you","approval"
"well you done did it lol","amusement"
"I can try. That sounds interesting. Its hard for me to not be interrupted at my house too. But ill definitely try.","approval"
"Lol the outbreak is gone but I'm still stubborn. With this conversation I'll make my effort to come back as soon as I'm ready.","amusement"
"I know that, but it just reminds me of darkest dungeon too","realization"
"It was fucking in!!","disgust"
"I hope she's ok and that doesn't impact her life, career or hobbies","optimism"
"Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well. ","love"
"The most my dad did to help with the housework in 35+ years of their marriage was to lift his legs while mum vacuums around the couch","annoyance"
"If I can be a racist against whiteys, I'd be one. TERFcide and Mayocide.","approval"
"Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil","disapproval"
"She’s so hot. Also happy cake day","excitement"
"Looking cool [NAME]","amusement"
"Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.","annoyance"
"Maybe if we didn't choke to inferior teams we could've made the playoffs and done something about it. But of course, we didn't so.","neutral"
"Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.","approval"
"It sucks it didn’t work out good luck in cincy and thanks for that Alcs game","anger"
"Im fine with complaining. A little surprised he's complaining without playing or even reading the patch notes since they were released.","approval"
"I don’t even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.","disapproval"
"That’s the silver lining of this. Fuck Veracruz.","anger"
"But it looks so cute","admiration"
"Is this season 7? I don't remember it.","confusion"
"Im reaching that age where some of my friends getting married, having kids, making 6figures and going to jail...","neutral"
"Oh I know lol I overdid it w that comparison. The point is singers have shit vocal nights but that doesn’t make them unprofessional. Shit happens.","annoyance"
"He might be, indeed...just remember, if you do catch him doing this, that he's just a kid without any understanding on that stuff. ","realization"
"Our love is like, a violent game between children baby.","approval"
"Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂","neutral"
"What, we are all gonna be corpses soon. Do I become that sooner?","curiosity"
"Think many people misunderstood your intentions here and the conversation just went on a tangent from there.","approval"
"I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.","desire"
"You absolutely dodged a bullet. You can be sad about it because it sucks to be broken up with but you def dodged a bullet.","approval"
"Hey thanks!","gratitude"
"I'm so sorry. This is no way to be live or be treated. It's so immature and emotionally-abusive. I really hope your circumstances improve","remorse"
"I could honestly just go without intermission interviews altogether.","approval"
"Get your daughter into therapy. That is some crazy manipulative shit she went through.","neutral"
"Please post any news you may find about her fate. This is so sad and so wrong. We need to know what happens to her.","gratitude"
"Lol maybe he is not but I think my point still stands 😄","amusement"
"You can't reason with some people. This person said people call 911 (emergency number) when they see his face.","fear"
"They could have checkmated the "journalists" and avoided this situation by saying they decided to switch to only pay for quality journalistic work.","annoyance"
"This happens in America as well. Unfortunately the news cycle isn't interested in reporting such things. Just doom and gloom.","neutral"
"Not caring is fine with me, but I have to lie to my mother every time I say I love you.","remorse"
"The photos are haunting","fear"
"Sometimes I wonder if people are that stupid or that malicious","disgust"
"Wow that's amazing, I hope my situation is as good next year. ","admiration"
"Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.","annoyance"
"i know, but it's a paper weight?","confusion"
"That's what I ended up actually doing.","disappointment"
"Must've took a pic of [NAME] to the barber's","neutral"
"the hate we get in here is palpable.","optimism"
"FBI open up","neutral"
"Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure","approval"
"I'm concerned for my fellow redditor. You seem to not be feeling well, and hallucinating. Shall we have a mod come check on you? ","caring"
"I was putting my comment on why and when PC players (like yourself) will complaine. Seems I wasn't too far off","neutral"
"Because the dude was fuuuuucked up.","neutral"
"Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year","disappointment"
"There's the room for [NAME].","neutral"
"I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].","anger"
"Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.","approval"
"This is fucking hilarious","amusement"
"Are you afraid of [NAME]?","confusion"
"I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it. ","neutral"
"The last time Russian military contractors met US forces, they lost 200 men and dozens of armored vehicles. Lmao.","amusement"
"Agreed. Was just pointing out the rules to OP.","approval"
"Nailed it !","pride"
"I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD","excitement"
"wow octane is pure garbage lmao","amusement"
"thats amazing!! Congrats!","admiration"
"Athletes in the making. Can't wait to see them playing professionally.","desire"
"I liked the charlie one more.","admiration"
"So it's we now eh jerk-off, as in troll farm to creat FUD and drive the premium up on the order book. I knew it.","neutral"
"Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.","relief"
"Omg. This is just the best ever. 💜💜💜","excitement"
"take it easy","neutral"
"Yeah, I read that the first time. Nobody is forcing you, other than yourself.","approval"
"This is it thank you so much","gratitude"
"Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.","anger"
"Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.","admiration"
"when to do it- janitor or something and out of cleans, everyone agrees to it. when not to do it- d2 literally ever","confusion"
"I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.","approval"
"Idk my brain doesn’t process what I’m watching if I can’t read along at the same time","sadness"
"Yes, this at least makes sense. ","approval"
"I meant one sided comment. My bad","annoyance"
"Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(","disappointment"
"That treatise is working well for the environment! 😉","neutral"
"[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.","disappointment"
"Hahahahah, I will consider","neutral"
"Yhea but you wouldn't be surprised then.","disappointment"
"Will do bud 5>4 Celtics have one of the youngest rosters in the NBA, Sox just won a series over your southern folk","admiration"
"On hamsters. You forgot the hamsters.","realization"
"He is so boring ....","annoyance"
"You just brushed off the entirety of his video and reverted back to the original argument.","approval"
"Wow fuk I'm watching that right now","surprise"
"Just the fact that people constantly use words like "incel" to demean people proves that society is getting worse than it already is.","annoyance"
"Interesting. Expected them to go with more established names, but glad they didn’t.","disappointment"
"Seriously. I legit laughed at this.","neutral"
"Ugh, man, I really liked Louis CK. Not anymore. I still like Brand New even though [NAME] is a creeper.","desire"
"Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!","disappointment"
"And also something against [NAME]. (My definition of [NAME] is just people at the bottom of love distribution)","disapproval"
"That's your justification? You're a terrible person. Correction: You're a terrible child. Get some help.","fear"
"Yeah. It didn't even work, that's why nobody went crazy. ","disappointment"
"Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(","disappointment"
"Thanks. Nice input as always.","approval"
"Shoulda told her to come watch it at ur place","neutral"
"Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol","love"
"[NAME] has been a lot better since he stopped doing Xanax with [NAME]","admiration"
"as someone who dealt with a burn out/mental break down 4 years ago, /s/ this post makes me feel very optimistic about the future /s/","neutral"
"Thanks man I hope I can get it before the end of the week","gratitude"
"> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.","nervousness"
"[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3","neutral"
"Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right","embarrassment"
"Sacrifice them to [NAME]","neutral"
"It's to bad I live in a society that only wants my continual existence.","neutral"
"Mail Call, great show, have all of 'em preserved for history. RIP","admiration"
"Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low","annoyance"
"Proven defense and offense at 26 years old on a contract that would cover THE ENTIRETY OF HIS PRIME isn't an upgrade over Andújar?","neutral"
"(While I love this moment, she wasn’t a judge, she was an inspirational guest.)","joy"
"My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.","optimism"
"Super cool to see","relief"
"Sorry dude. I’m pretty new here. Wasn’t sure I had to do that. My bad. 😢","caring"
"You just gotta have little faith. They are gonna need more money and maybe then we can get to Tahiti.","optimism"
"Where’s the bar on this canoe?","confusion"
"I'm curious!!! The likes of [NAME] and [NAME] may have been choices for me in another timeline. Who took names that you know of?","curiosity"
">People can literally have conversations with each other just using google. My nipples explode with delight!","amusement"
"ooohhhh when he look at the camera at the end it's the cutest shit ever","neutral"
"I do this but that's because I miss a lot on first watch and my Bf doesn't.","neutral"
"Thanks for sharing this with me btw. I shared the video with [NAME] and it was a hit","gratitude"
"Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].","neutral"
"These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.","annoyance"
"does any body notice that 8 in 2018 looks weird","curiosity"
"We all are afraid of losing our jobs here or being blackballed all the same.","sadness"
"this is the best thing I have read in awhile. so simple yet so hiarious.","admiration"
"*I bring you Love!*","optimism"
"I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.","gratitude"
"We did it [NAME], we stopped racism","approval"
"Article says she was present when this happened sometimes and that she was physically and psychologically abusive as well","neutral"
"Omg! Sounds like [NAME] was right about calling [NAME] a weirdo! That is so so odd!","annoyance"
"Same here. There's so much good to discover in any decade really.","realization"
"hahaha [NAME]???","amusement"
"Theyre paid with taxes..... Do you think you're arguing against an anarchist? lol","annoyance"
"But there's supposed to be only one survivor, and they win the million dollar prize!","neutral"
"Wishing the best for your pupper.","caring"
"Lol this cant be possible.hey thanks for the link and info! I'll look into it!","amusement"
"Now we play the waiting game.","neutral"
"Stay strong, you’ll pull through.","caring"
"You sound angry.","anger"
"Thankkks and np","gratitude"
"Kill trading is still bad imo but i agree that losing the round was correct","approval"
"I know. Honestly, I'm applying to other districts. Tired of 56 miles round trip daily for a miserable job. ","annoyance"
"Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*","neutral"
"Long straight hair on the face is going to look quite odd I would guess.","annoyance"
"I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.","sadness"
"The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!","love"
"I have scars, but they’re not deliberately self-inflicted. I am just a massive klutz. ","neutral"
"Omgsh. What’s bad is if you look at her two years ago she looks normal and just beautiful and then it progressively gets scary","neutral"
"I love how you're making an assumption to try and make a point.","love"
"Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.","gratitude"
"Its more about Russia not making such overtly antagonistic statements about Iran.","neutral"
"Me too!!!","surprise"
"[NAME] never suited up for a Dodger affiliate.","neutral"
"I hope she makes enough for therapy for her kid.","optimism"
"If she deleted your Snapchat just because you showed up to a bingo, then it seems she's a bit of a bad person","disgust"
"I think it means it’ll be revenue neutral until then not that it won’t open until then.","neutral"
"Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.","caring"
"They can try to do that for as long as they want, doesn't change the fact that 2/3rds of players still chose him over [NAME].","neutral"
"Without fail saying "moist panties" makes every woman cringe.","neutral"
"That Moment when you suddenly find yourself in a 3 minute starring contest","realization"
"love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!","admiration"
"Why am i reading all these different","neutral"
"Sue the shit out of her for damages to your private property.","annoyance"
"That's more like [NAME]. Breakdance vs Capoeira.","neutral"
"I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time. ","fear"
"Heat back in the day. You would go in and there would be a horrible mix of Joop aftershave and Bourbon in the air.","neutral"
"They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.","joy"
"If you're going to troll us, at least put a little effort into it. ","neutral"
"Yeah it can feel a bit weird but I feel like Cali girls use dude for guys and girls so it's not an immediate L","disapproval"
"I see , they don’t sell phones any more","surprise"
"I shed a tear at how beautifully well said this comment was.","admiration"
"It's not the best hockey but the boys have regrouped nicely after that horrible game in Edmonton","realization"
"It's a troll. Look at the history.","neutral"
"I like how because it’s on topic you assume everyone involved is making it their entire being. Lmao.","admiration"
"That was just embarrassing. We should not be loosing here.","embarrassment"
"You gotta try harder than that. That wouldnt even take a bronze in mental gymnastics","pride"
"Oh, I see. ","neutral"
"He’d be 7-0 against u","neutral"
"They got washed away by the endless sweat from his forehead.","caring"
""Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that." - [NAME]","optimism"
"thank [NAME] it was returned","gratitude"
"I'll keep my eyes out, brah!","neutral"
"You sound like my gf. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.","love"
"Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right","annoyance"
"You have social anxiety go see a doctor","caring"
"The entire generations thing needs to die. What are they useful for? Feeding the ego of some dumbass on the internet?","confusion"
"The [NAME] camp is psycho. They're the same people that called [NAME] supporters deplorables.","amusement"
"Get through Hartford by 7 AM or you're going to assume you've died and gone to hell.","anger"
"[NAME] baby where you going.","neutral"
"I can't really provide anything to you that you haven't already deliberately misread yourself. I can't force you to be honest.","annoyance"
"Ah the city of brotherly love <3","joy"
"Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.","approval"
"Not at all. It's great of course for financial reasons, but it then makes me worried about how much time she'll have for a relationship.","sadness"
"I haven't messed around with it that much, everytime I go in it seems like people are looking for players way better than me.","admiration"
"This is going in the next update.","neutral"
"can we get a power stone remake? how about dragons dogma 2?","neutral"
"Children whose lives are in danger daily because their parents won’t vaccinate them should be legally allowed to kill their parents.","nervousness"
"I like this, but it doesn’t quite convey the horrifying rotting smell. It sounds sort of cute! She was not lol ","optimism"
"I honestly miss [NAME]","realization"
"[NAME] receive the maximum sentence and her jail mates know that she kidnapped a child.","surprise"
"44 is chilly. I'm in Colorado and we were single digits earlier in the week so 50 today was like a heatwave! Stay warm ;)","annoyance"
"lmao I didn't realize that error.","disappointment"
"Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it","disappointment"
"Land near those coastal hotspots is running out. If you want to live in the Midwest, it's still cheap. ","neutral"
"I love crows!!!!","love"
"Aha thank you!. I didn't know there is a ca one","gratitude"
"They could have prepared you better. I'm so sorry. I wanna give you a hug and tell you it's okay.","remorse"
"Rip the guy from psych","grief"
"Destroyed healthcare you mean? We have to pass it to know what’s in it. 🤣 what a dumbass.","annoyance"
"Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.","annoyance"
"She’s so hot. Also happy cake day","neutral"
"Or us 2014 babies","neutral"
"Monthly blood loss totaling 9-12 oz on average. That and never being able to feel safe.","sadness"
"So would you want [NAME] first round, [NAME] second then this guy in the third?","neutral"
"Exactly why I will never again play a pvp game on PC.","neutral"
"THEY ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!!","admiration"
"Saying babcuck should be fired = woke gimme updoots","neutral"
"Have a look at the decks from the latest weplay tournament and if there’s anything you like the look of.","neutral"
"> make sure you register the claim against them and hit their credit score how does one do this?","annoyance"
"That sums it up perfectly, but for a lot of people it's still the worst mgs... So you can tell it was very risky","embarrassment"
"I hate they way he says "ssssshit"","sadness"
"I think you overestimate the ability of politicians to rig the vote c.f. May 2017","neutral"
"Yes, I will GI A+B6 LH more often, it's really good. Thank you for the tip!","admiration"
"Now this is poke choking!","disgust"
"She had a reality show that actually showed her in the act doing horrible stuff","neutral"
"Lol that's my cat, he sometimes does that when he eats too fast or we switch his food, he is okay haha","amusement"
"Thanks! I’m Excited To See How This Meme Become In The Future!","joy"
"It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility","remorse"
"5% more people identifying as liberal than conservative, 4.3% more people supporting the tax rates. [NAME] activated","approval"
"Thanks for pointing them out, it's hard to see through my tears 😢","gratitude"
"I am inexplicably excited by [NAME]. I get so excited by how he curls passes","neutral"
"Love the fact that the security guard or whatever he was made him roll down the passenger window instead of walking around to the drivers side, lol.","admiration"
"i wish i could wear what she's wearing! * _ * Sooooo beautiful!","admiration"
"Didn't notice the date, sorry.","sadness"
"ORaNgE MaN bAd AnD iS HiTlEr!!!! EvErYoNe I dOnT lIkE iS HiTlEr!","disgust"
"The problem is complex but in the 60's til now we where facing major propaganda against marijuana and this stuck to the head of most poeple.","neutral"
"Because people hate freedom","neutral"
"Rather than having to guess at which part you consider a strawman, maybe you could just quote it for me. I may not always recognise fallacies.","neutral"
"I will keep that in mind for next time","neutral"
"Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon","disapproval"
"Yeah cuz they don't exist lol","amusement"
"I thought that was gonna be the Pelicans after [NAME] is gone(sorry Pelicans fans)","remorse"
"She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!","admiration"
"I never imagined the world would get so weird that I *wanted* to believe the conspiracy theorists, but here we are.","disappointment"
"this depends on being upwind from the bear though being loud and prepared in bear country is never a bad idea","neutral"
"That was the middle school dream","approval"
"I wouldn't say that publicly. The guy is still alive and he's coming for you","nervousness"
"Signatures are no longer required for transactions in the US as of April last year, so I guess this no longer applies really. ","neutral"
"That's not what he meant. He means the use of a lot of different hashtags.","disapproval"
"They have no confidence at all, the mark of someone insecure is shouting out loud how secure they are.","disapproval"
"Love the place but be ready to wait. They really do take the time to make sure you look good and fresh.","admiration"
"Why slum it if they’re giving you actual cost?","disappointment"
"You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].","annoyance"
"Always have a Stockholm syndrome induced craving for HSE standard jelly and ice cream anytime I think of hospitals here","nervousness"
"Man, never underestimate the power of a crock pot, some frozen chicken, veggies and cottage cheese.","disappointment"
"You have the bear mask?? :D it is glorious!","admiration"
"I can just do it with my eyes open. Is that weird? It kind of hurts.","approval"
"Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.","neutral"
"I know. I didn't say I agreed with it did I?","approval"
"we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something","approval"
"Have you read /r/NEET ? You'll find that not all people hate being unemployed - they choose to be unemployed.","curiosity"
"so doing something illegal only dehumanises you when caught?","disapproval"
"Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.","disapproval"
"I've been here too long. My first response was: "I imagined worse."","annoyance"
"I love the claps after he fell 🤣","love"
"She looks dead on the inside in the photoshopped pic","neutral"
"I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.","fear"
"I was there, too. I do NOT remember that, though. Yikes...","surprise"
"Happy New Year everyone! It’s 11:42 in CA 2019’s almost here","admiration"
"That may not be their choice anymore","realization"
"[NAME] backhands when they're on strike are sexy as fuck","neutral"
"I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40","love"
"Go Pack from RVA!","neutral"
"Hip hop has fallen down so far music in general, since the 90's. ","neutral"
"Sorry about your poor trolling. 3/10.","remorse"
"I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].","anger"
"Ok 🤷‍♀️ I believe in you, you can do it. ","admiration"
">Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. ","fear"
"Ah, didn't read the comment that way, my bad","disappointment"
"gotchu lol, in that case sorry you got downvoted to hell for this lol","disgust"
"Just got back,amd I realized that The Ducks are getting clutterfuckedd","realization"
"Lmao y'all are in for a real rude awakening with [NAME] if y'all thought *those* were soft.","confusion"
"“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012. ","love"
"Why did it fracture from just a kick?","curiosity"
"hahahaha. Love it","love"
""I like it when you x", "can you try doing y?" - focus on positive and giving advice","caring"
"Reclining seats typically reduces the legroom of the person who reclines. That's the way those seats are designed.","neutral"
"Lovely act of kindness🤗","joy"
"Can’t imagine taking on that contract","disapproval"
"BJJ guy isn't wrong, he's just being waaay too sincere with somebody who's taking the piss.","neutral"
"I guess but we love each other.","love"
"Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.","fear"
"We're all humans, why would a darker skinned [NAME] not be "one of their own"?","neutral"
"We're worse to animals than we were 100 years ago, js.","anger"
"Nah I wish, that would have been awesome!!","admiration"
"Are you retarded?","confusion"
"Not an awful offer but I don't know if I see AD promising to resign long term in Dallas.","disapproval"
"i wish it was 2 hours :(","desire"
"It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day","neutral"
"I hope this works","optimism"
"Gotcha. That can happen sometimes too but make sure you follow up with your gyno just incase.","disapproval"
"ah, rejection. i know something about it","neutral"
"They weren't, though. They were just sitting there which is to be expected when you have someone on the verge of being arrested at any moment.","neutral"
"I’d be very concerned if the posts on this sub were coming from 7 year olds.","neutral"
"Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.","annoyance"
"Omg!!! just saw an interview of her! Wow this [NAME] is a horrible mother!!! Oh my Gooood! 😱","neutral"
"Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.","love"
"Can't wait","curiosity"
"You are not the only one. I rage quitted UNO","anger"
"It only got things right that were in the email leak","neutral"
"I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.","disapproval"
"Um, trump got peed on. ","neutral"
"Damn you! Now all this dirty money is flooding Frankfurt and Dublin!","disappointment"
"Whataburger misses you","love"
"Baby rape. Can’t make a funny joke about it.","joy"
"I have no idea what you're talking about, I'm in the UK we have a different class system !","confusion"
"Ground vehicles too it seems. Obviously wouldn’t be a problem if the game shipped complete with proper vehicle customization.","neutral"
"It was good, but not great.","admiration"
"and who's going to enforce that ?","confusion"
"Wow he is... ugly.","anger"
"> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing","gratitude"
"I have a bad feeling I’m gonna regret not tuning into this","remorse"
"In what fucking world is this drawing not bad","annoyance"
"It's probably easier when you're given all the money and connections you need without doing anything worthwhile to earn it.","approval"
"RDX. Definitely a head turner","neutral"
"That's awesome. You are a great and good person with a good heart. Never, ever change❤","admiration"
"Photo taken by myself today in a subway car in Bucharest.","neutral"
"but but TIME IS MONEY right?","neutral"
"Great shot, from experience very difficult. ","admiration"
"Why does the feminization of a title belittle the role? I truly don't get it.","confusion"
"What do you mean “call you out on things?” Are you being disrespectful? Disruptive? Unsafe?","disapproval"
"Condolences. Take comfort in your cats and breathe. Consider a grief counselor.","neutral"
"I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.","approval"
"*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** ThaJarseff! ^(hug)","neutral"
"Noooo... Went and saved all the webpages as PDFs, though it's not a perfect solution.","neutral"
"The comments on this have me rolling 🤣 more seriously though, I hope everyone’s alright!! ❤️","admiration"
"I know, that's why it's a little unfortunate they don't have a test. ","nervousness"
"I am confusion","confusion"
"He was so apologetic the bulls couldn’t bring themselves to it.","caring"
"And people still support him....","surprise"
"oops, my bad.","sadness"
"This is what unions are for. The great only appear great because we are on our knees","approval"
"Lol [NAME]. Everyone ignores me. This just sounds like something a child would say. Sad.","annoyance"
"I find porn disgusting and boring, could this be a sign I'm asexual?","disgust"
"Lindt don’t fuck about","nervousness"
"What? I though unicorns farted candy floss?!","neutral"
"[NAME] family must be having a field day there today!","neutral"
"no thanks","gratitude"
"It's literally essential that everyone stop what they are doing and watch this, the best video, as many times as possible and then some more times.","approval"
"Good luck to you darling. I hope you feel strength and happiness.","joy"
"[NAME] is a gold digger but she’s actually a pretty cool chick","admiration"
"Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.","disgust"
"Can you stop shilling for Russia every damn time they are mentioned?","anger"
"Or they freak out if it’s “not the right sub” for your post. Like calm down","optimism"
"Yes, I'm just banking on the fact that there will be a bigger idiot than me out there. :-)","neutral"
"Thank you for the detailed response. It’s about time I worry about making myself happy rather than them.","gratitude"
"Yes, risky. In fact don't click it at all.","disappointment"
"[NAME], I love these kinds of threads.","excitement"
"Love their king onion soup! Such a gem, also they have good local wine there","admiration"
"*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*","love"
"This really is matter of principle. Its small now and it would only encourave him to take more next time.","neutral"
"[NAME] looked like he was having a heart attack the entire game... welcome to the madhouse lol","amusement"
"Probably cause our FBs are not strong enough defensively so we need a way to justify playing them","neutral"
"Saying cancer isn’t bad precluded you from being a rational human being.","neutral"
"Please feel free to laugh at me if I am wrong but I have seen this movie before...this game is over.","neutral"
"I thought it went well, but then she clearly didn't I guess it started to go downhill the second she saw my face C'est la vie I suppose.","disappointment"
"[NAME] I forgot the [NAME] administration literally invented a mass killing whole cloth to make a political point. So much has happened since then","disappointment"
"I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity","disapproval"
"Worst feeling ever","sadness"
"Reminds me of when we used to have an RB named [NAME] while [NAME] was at Texas","joy"
"Since [NAME] are technically [NAME].","annoyance"
"It kind of was for some people.","approval"
"well, they never said anything about curing her...","neutral"
"All of the ones regular people have, just applied in a more logical way I guess. ","optimism"
"Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great","admiration"
"Oh, no wonder I like her so much!","excitement"
"This would be very much appreciated.","admiration"
"There's a guy that died after he let a horse do that. He'd probably have survived if he sought medical attention sooner.","grief"
"Wow, AP. Just wow.","excitement"
"He suddenly realises that's not his house.","realization"
"Ha ha you're being down voted. Edit: Hey, you're being up voted! Congrats!","amusement"
"Not gonna lie, I'd be intrigued for sure. ","approval"
"I'm laughing because this exact thing happened to me.","amusement"
"This is why I worry about you sometimes","disappointment"
"Me too! First time in a couple of years!","approval"
"I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]","anger"
"What evidence are you basing this on? What evidence would you accept as convincing you're wrong?","curiosity"
"Ours came today too :). We got 22 hbu?","neutral"
"People who don’t want to own houses","neutral"
"Good job ignoring [NAME].","admiration"
"I am in distance relationship so this probably me and my boyfriend for this valentine. This suppose to be our first valentine.","neutral"
"Love the top logo although I’d gladly take the bottom one, the goat head, or a poop emoji any day over the buffaslug.","gratitude"
"You just needed a [RELIGION] grandparent to be killed","neutral"
"Wasn't north and south Dakota one state at some point? Are they putting aside they're difference and getting back together?","surprise"
"Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.","curiosity"
"How did that tree not grow?!","curiosity"
"Alright dude just fuck off ok, it's not the funniest thing on the internet but it did make me smile so in conclusion fuck you","anger"
"I thought about it but I wanted a sub that didn't exist.","desire"
"Subscribed. Where's your video, coolio? Oh, wait...you're probably too cool to make a video *un-ironically*","neutral"
"This must have been pre Make Believe. From what I gather, [NAME] doesn't even take tylenol anymore ","neutral"
"I wonder what a hug would feel like a lot too.","surprise"
"Thanks!!","gratitude"
"Had to go way too far down the thread for this answer!","neutral"
"Verisimilitude, which here means, utter bs meant to help justify terrible favouritism.","anger"
"Poppers do relax muscles though. Source","neutral"
"The ID cards wouldn't have been a problem if they were like the EU one. It was the fuckload of biometric data that was abhorrent.","annoyance"
"Oh, okay. Thank you. I hadn't been keeping up with it.","gratitude"
"She’s so hot in the video damn","neutral"
"Until you get to mid silver lick dps and carry. Then you can go back to tank and you'll get back up there","neutral"
"How are you punishing him for sneaking food? Why isn't that working? What alternatives have you considered to get him under control?","curiosity"
"A girl known as daddy... well that’s a new twist on an old trick","surprise"
"But all-Korean teams don't always do the best in OWL/Contenders, look at Outlaws v. Seoul, etc... ","disapproval"
"This guys still alive?","surprise"
"Because she's a mediocre writer who got lucky with Harry Potter and is in no way relevant unless she needlessly retcons HP.","neutral"
"luckily she’s getting a new one soon for Chinise event!","neutral"
"Analytics and instagram... are you joking?","neutral"
"Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this","disapproval"
"Huh. So it really comes down to looking at her senate career vs her AG career.","annoyance"
"ASMR is a weird sexual fetish for incels, and dont let anyone try and convince you otherwise.","annoyance"
"Oh man this is horrible and the best summary of this subreddit in one single comment. I love it. Thank you so much.","approval"
"Dogs get itches every now and then and use the ground to scratch it out. But usually it's on dirt not asphalt.","realization"
"It's been cross posted.","neutral"
"I travelled for almost 9 years. Now I'm an auditor back home. So yeah boring.","neutral"
"We’re all bible on this blessed day","gratitude"
"if your favorite subreddit is the correct spelling of Zack then you’ll LOVE r/zach","admiration"
"We don't deserve [NAME] one does.","neutral"
"You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!","approval"
"Wow this is getting huge","admiration"
"Piss off a small percentage to gain an even larger one? That's hardly unheard of. The amount of publicity alone for this is astounding.","admiration"
"I'm paranoid that I might not have all of them. A download would be helpful!","optimism"
"Trade up for Haskins. If that doesn't happen give me Greedy.","neutral"
"So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.","embarrassment"
"It a scammer not an undercover","surprise"
"As always I leave reddit slightly more confused than when I came here","confusion"
"Please ruin my wedding","gratitude"
"Athletes in the making. Can't wait to see them playing professionally.","excitement"
"mtv has agreed to take some of the load by having them on...i wonder if they get paid per appearance or flat season fee.","surprise"
"Thank the heavens RuneScape is coming at you all read his biography it's incredible. r/scriptedasiangifs.","gratitude"
"Great [NAME], love Oasis, saw this in theaters when I had the chance.","admiration"
"Hey man, it’s hard out here for a cat!","disapproval"
"Glad you liked it!","gratitude"
"I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well","love"
"I'LL MAKE SURE THAT YOU CAN NEVER POST ON REDDIT AGAIN! I AM THE ENBODIMENT LF r/iamverybadass","approval"
"I fucking love this GIF so much.","excitement"
"Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.","neutral"
"[NAME] will definitely turn to the dark side at the end of IX. This will leave fans on the edge for another 30 years before X.","approval"
"Whew lad they're bleeding employees, reminds me of [NAME] before they bit the dust","neutral"
""LOOK AT ME!!"","approval"
"Look at all the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Lol","amusement"
":) dormant intp. Unlock awakening","neutral"
"Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU","caring"
"That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )","joy"
"If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.","anger"
"I'm glad I could contribute some positivity! All the best to you and your kids!","joy"
"I think that toxic masculinity refers to toxic behavior that has misogynistic undertones.","curiosity"
"It was a bad one, and you should feel bad. ","neutral"
"oh [NAME] what did i do","disappointment"
"Links above suggest a "polio-like" outbreak occurred. Perhaps on this issue like many others she is a bit confused. ","confusion"
"Yup. What is interesting is that Newton's third law is not applicable to SJWs... they arose out of a self-hating, anti-free speech vacuum.","neutral"
"Maybe someone up there is wondering what it's like here","curiosity"
"Whatever you say, mate. Good luck trying to tell kids not to love their parents.","neutral"
"[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] make a solid 2-5. We need a 1","neutral"
"Because they're [NAME]: > Puritanism: the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy > ([NAME])","caring"
"Thank you! Looks delicious.","admiration"
"I'm flattered but I'm a good [RELIGION] scarf","approval"
"Well said. And I love your username. 👑","approval"
"Yea it’s so weird","disappointment"
"My mother was missing a left leg and my wife was missing a right leg, now they will be able to walk normally","neutral"
"Oh whoops haha","amusement"
"That would be really great, but good luck.","admiration"
""[NAME] will be Turkey's Vietnam" yeah, we saw how that went lol ","amusement"
"Because it’s more fun?","confusion"
"Just report his comments let the mods take care of this misogynistic twit","neutral"
"It’s beautiful. I think I need to move. 😊","admiration"
"That’s what we said about 2017 and 2018 after 2016 it only got worse and it’s not gonna get any better I guarantee","disappointment"
"Oh ok, thanks for that. Didn’t know.","disapproval"
"He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort ","disappointment"
"Checked my EBT balance yesterday. "You will not be receiving benefits for February.". I wonder when the riots are going to start.","neutral"
"Any food shortages will be caused by these idiots each buying 38 tins of beans a few days before we leave.","disapproval"
"Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.","annoyance"
"And other hilarious lies you can tell yourself...","neutral"
"Lol religion is a crazy thing","amusement"
"Ask for a pic without the hat on. That hairline must be chilling with [NAME].","neutral"
"I sure hope so","neutral"
"You know it! Just gotta find the right someone.","neutral"
"Me, joining in everyone in the room saying it when she appears....","approval"
"Welp, can't see [NAME] beating [NAME] if she's in this form!","neutral"
"Less to keep track of","neutral"
"Hey, I get your point of view. I appreciate the explanation. :)","gratitude"
"“[NAME], tell [NAME] what you bought when I sent you to town to get that weird thing.” Me: “Curse you, magic beans!”","neutral"
"11 seconds. I'll try harder next time.","optimism"
"Is she dead? She looks dead...","confusion"
"Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it","annoyance"
"Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.","neutral"
"As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.","love"
"Guys don’t typically pick up random women at night unless it’s a prostitute.","neutral"
"I do the exact same. It typically does the job and most people are just mad at people who steal rather than me.","neutral"
"Reaching parity with Steam's 15 year legacy in a single year would be an amazing effort.","admiration"
"Every game counts for the Kings tho. Suns are out if the playoff race and this is a must win for the Kings. BOL!","neutral"
"You want a fight, and I’m just not up for one. Good day!","neutral"
"I equally love and despise them when they talk about a player diving as "flopping"","love"
"Did I miss something? I don't think she's announced yet. Someone could still beat her to it.","confusion"
"Thanks for your kind words. They made me tear up a bit.","gratitude"
"This is a family friendly sub; please don't say the McC-word.","optimism"
"Probably preschool.","neutral"
"You should dm her and say I'm sorry","neutral"
"[NAME] might've told her when they were talking about [NAME] being on her period.","neutral"
"If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.","relief"
"Yeah whether or not an animal is cute is pretty subjective, I was just in a bad mood when I wrote the post honestly.","admiration"
"Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY","amusement"
"Boooo Hisss :)","neutral"
"Falling for such low quality bait","annoyance"
"Stop using your corporate jargon around here!","neutral"
"I love the outfit that [NAME] is wearing","neutral"
"Finding that common attraction or chemistry is extremely hard for me. I can totally relate to this.","approval"
"definitly whining my dude","approval"
">cat beby the fuck is wrong with you","anger"
"Seen this result coming. Best result for us and rangers unfortunately.","approval"
"Unfortunately, we do not routinely keep 20 liters of fentanyl in the pharmacy,","neutral"
"[NAME] probably won’t like that lol","amusement"
"I'll take just being able to have the Wellington ending in season 4. Atm you cant even get the scar in season 4.","approval"
"You had sex with multiple different people on acid? Lucky mf","neutral"
"Unfortunately, he'll never quite see that.","disappointment"
"I guess my story was too subtle. Alone on an indian burial ground after dark. It's literally the core of multiple horror stories.","approval"
"are they worried their dog will get autism or something?","confusion"
"How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!","disgust"
"We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.","love"
"WTH?! Sorry, but you might need better friends! That is wrong. So wrong. ","anger"
"She does seem fully committed. That’s just why I’m a bit confused. I’m hoping she does deep inside. Thank you.","gratitude"
"I recommend this. I read the WN and it fucked up my English for months. English is my second language...","annoyance"
"They hated [NAME] because he told them the truth","disgust"
"Yeah nice one dude","admiration"
"Don't torture yourself like that.","caring"
"My same thoughts! Post this there and see what options you have! That is unbelieveable your dad would do that!","realization"
"Ugh, this fucking tumblr account. I posted about this bitch before, they wrote that [NAME] drug rehab fanfiction.","anger"
"I read this to my 17 year old brother and he was kinda pissed off just saying","anger"
"Choose wisely, you ....","neutral"
"[NAME] damn cummonists","anger"
"Yes, I've had this fear. It's even worse when you *don't* say goodbye and then it's the last time you see them.","approval"
"I have little to no anxiety and it really helps me when i have to take a test.","joy"
"> edit: Sidenote they blatantly and obviously brigaded two other threads on this Of course they did.","neutral"
"Saw this a couple days ago and had to stop it and rewind!","neutral"
"I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come","admiration"
"That rain bit was hilarious.","amusement"
"YOU GOT FAT!","neutral"
"Where’s the bar on this canoe?","curiosity"
"[NAME] damn it I'm so tired of seeing Instagram between fights","disappointment"
"Similar to seroquel?","neutral"
"Oh. My. [NAME].","neutral"
"TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it. ","curiosity"
"Read it again. Your response shows you didn't understand what I said. "YES" = yes you need a degree.","approval"
"Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.","anger"
"All the ladies can stay at my place.","approval"
"No it’s not! It’s much easier to pull in to the space and leave it there.","neutral"
"The denials is crazy in here","anger"
"In this case his hands were up, so the solution is them keeping their hands up, and not beating innocent people. ","neutral"
"The fact that this statement got downvoted shows how worthless some people on here are.","neutral"
"When are the Blackhawks going to play again games that matter? :(","neutral"
"Nail in the coffin. Sucks that refs always feel the need to call an equalizer penalty","neutral"
"Get dunked on","neutral"
"i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow","realization"
"None. If you get anything at all, it's a bonus, but don't expect anything.","neutral"
"Edmunds has a dog beach.","neutral"
"Oh wow I didn’t realize that","surprise"
"They're the ultimate hodlers; the ones who've lost their private keys.","neutral"
"PHX at home? Should be a cakewalk, right guys?","surprise"
"The chicken and bacon one sounds absolutely baller. I’ll have to check it out! Thanks","admiration"
"I used to have fun with it and didn't feel angry aside for when [NAME] was op lol","approval"
"That's why I said "much" instead of "most" ... 70 is still 5 over 65.","neutral"
"You’ve just exemplified your own idea, thank you for further explaining it. I couldn’t agree more.","disapproval"
"You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!","anger"
"I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over","surprise"
"Proud of you.","admiration"
"I wouldn't say that publicly. The guy is still alive and he's coming for you","optimism"
"Music and getting outside really helps me, even if I’m not sober. Cheers.","approval"
"Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish","caring"
"If you're making a point I'm missing it","disappointment"
"Oh my [NAME] I forgot about that movie","surprise"
"Who was it? I got here after it was deleted, and I'd like to read the comment history.","curiosity"
"Serious question, why is she still employed? There are many talented women in WWE.","confusion"
"He wasn’t hot to me but he has that attitude I find attractive af.","neutral"
" cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk. ","neutral"
"Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!","anger"
"I worked in a daycare","neutral"
"Good kid.","admiration"
"Someone beat me to this beauty of a term!","approval"
"Great! Can't wait :)","curiosity"
"Your brain is confusing itself. Try not to think about it too much. It's.. real weird to consider.","annoyance"
"I’m sorry you’re dealing with this too. But hopefully it helps to know you’re not alone...?","curiosity"
"Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.","neutral"
"[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe","disappointment"
"Doing Martial arts since I was 16 (26 now), hasn't done much about my FAdom","neutral"
"It's the same with librarians. Out someplace, see someone with a confused look, and that autopilot kicks in. ","approval"
"My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.","admiration"
"[NAME], loved the story. Personally I don’t think this was petty I think it was quite fair and right. Good job dude.","admiration"
"Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.","anger"
"People love him on Yelp:-)","admiration"
"16-37 and 25 fta. [NAME] is so fucking overrated. Volume chucker/flopper in a fast paced no defense league.","anger"
"Plot twist, they're all looking at a mirror because everyone there is a beautiful student","admiration"
"Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat","excitement"
"Amazing story. Thank you for your service","admiration"
"Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now","neutral"
"Ok. He is likely done in the NHL after this season I guess.","neutral"
"As always - in need of good shower.","neutral"
"[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.","annoyance"
"They barely even back pedalled.","neutral"
"I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer","realization"
"We try too, but more often than not those who wish to discuss are not on the level, rare is a Lib here in good faith.","neutral"
"plz no foul trouble","fear"
"Sometimes we pick the bad option to make a point.","neutral"
"Just like that great historical fact about the [NAME] head being used to mark abused women's shelters in ancient Greece!","annoyance"
"They do realize that the guy in the first picture is from a musical that mocks the [RELIGION] religion right?","realization"
"I can't help it. It's just so perfect.","approval"
"This is the worst I've ever seen. It really is","disgust"
"Awful tattoo , looks like a child ! Get your money back and money for laser treatment.","disapproval"
"I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.","annoyance"
"Oh yeah didn’t notice the username. Yeah please do. I just recently got into photography. Total noob but I love it.","love"
"Muddy Rudder has Irish music on Sunday evenings.","neutral"
"Hahahaha. I can picture it as if I was a fly in the walll. I love mj like [NAME]","amusement"
"Didn’t they play a game earlier this season with both [NAME] and [NAME] out?","confusion"
"It's good worrying about things that can be helped. Lol","approval"
"Crying? Yeah i like crying C-calling R-out Y-for I-serious N-mental G-treatment","sadness"
"It doesn’t get better than that","disapproval"
"Oh my [NAME] strawberry watermelon menthol that sounds amazing","excitement"
"I think him and [NAME] are gonna start getting similar amount of starts. [NAME] is just finally able to play again after getting hurt earlier.","neutral"
"I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.","neutral"
"Noo this guy was parachuting down fromthe mount blanc to kill his self","realization"
"CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.","admiration"
"Might be wrong but isn't it [NAME] who wanted gase more than mac","curiosity"
"Yes, I realize that. All my other relationships have been a year or longer but even a month into those I was miserable ","approval"
"But platonic cuddling is comfy (after making sure the consent stuff is a ok for all parties)","approval"
"I don’t get it why are you quoting this Edit can someone explain how he got me and not just downvote lol","confusion"
"Shes stunning haha","admiration"
"[NAME] is a gold digger but she’s actually a pretty cool chick","neutral"
"Klokslag 12 I find really enjoyable, horror movie podcast, Im not a horror fan but I find these dudes very entertaining","amusement"
"She did NOT try hard, that's the problem.","sadness"
"To drool on.","disgust"
"your post is awesome. People need to hear this more. Thank you.","admiration"
"The food clapped","neutral"
"that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else","approval"
"We're not a democracy. WE'RE A COUNTRY","approval"
"The minute I heard about this this morning, I just knew [NAME] would use it for his benefit someway, somehow... lol. :/","approval"
"You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.","anger"
"Yikes!! This rebuild year isn't fun","disapproval"
"Great news. Thanks for sharing Crunk! Donated...","gratitude"
"I wanna see her debate [NAME]. He would shit all over her.","desire"
"looks cool, i want it now.","excitement"
"Done. Good riddance. Thank you for your comment","gratitude"
"Which means his lifestyle is unsustainable. Look at the house and the cars. Even renting he’s just racking up debt pretending to be a millionaire.","neutral"
"It even has a name on it from the original creator you reposting scum.","realization"
"I like how you can see how it really looks with the minimap","optimism"
"[NAME] oh wait, this aint Instagram ","neutral"
"That facial hair....guy just finished playing red dead redemption 2 probably","neutral"
"And she wouldn't give it to him. Poor fellow.","sadness"
"Completely serious here, what do you base that claim off? Like, from experience and talking to people or from a larger scale example?","curiosity"
"[NAME] lost her guitar canonically","sadness"
"I'm sorry to hear that! But thank you for sharing I imagine several years of not seeing someone you care about would be draining!","caring"
"That's absurd, people commit crimes blacked out on drugs/alcohol all the time. Also, they could just claim they don't remember it either way. ","anger"
"Kinda is. But whatever. Complaining on reddit works too. Except it doesn’t.","neutral"
"I don't see a mom referring to a group chat as a "thread".","neutral"
"Ya, he’s a lot better. If someone maxes dlo that will be the new [NAME] contract.","desire"
"They would be part of a nation controlled by the media.","neutral"
"No, absolutely not. How bout if you have more to lose you be more careful about not breaking the law. ","caring"
"I wish they would just let us stream their music. I have all their albums but every iPhone I get I have to redo the entire library 😴😴","annoyance"
"Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.","curiosity"
"Oh wow thank you all for your opinions, I was just curious and wanted to stare at cool skins :3","gratitude"
"Lmao, I remember [NAME] saying this was the best game he'd ever played and was debating whether he should switch from HS.","neutral"
"Same, I still need to sleep to go to work tomorrow.","desire"
"Nice job with the censor","admiration"
"Have a great safe driving record, save up to buy stuff, and meet people face to face to talk to them.","admiration"
"Not that surprising, but *very* exciting to see! Here’s hoping Syria reclaims its place as a major regional industrial and commercial center!","optimism"
"You get her off 3 times and she doesn't finish you? That seems very selfish.","realization"
"Kill whitey!","anger"
"Here. I didn’t delete it, but rather changed my tumblr name.","approval"
"No, she was just under investigation by child services.","neutral"
"i love them both but I still think you have to be a stupid cunt to think they live happily everafter together in the end.","neutral"
"What song was that earlier ? It went oooh oooh ooooh oooh oooh oooh.","confusion"
"Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame. ","anger"
"We gotta keep [NAME]","neutral"
"Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.","annoyance"
"If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.","nervousness"
"Nice try, officer.","admiration"
"You’re on thin fucking ice, buddy","annoyance"
"OOF. DEAD ON","neutral"
"pretending the issue is your wife cheating on you is why you're not learning anything","neutral"
"My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.","love"
"there are 6 characters total, we do not know the two in the middle which is what he was mentioning not the literal last two that we sceen","neutral"
"Wouldn't it be great if [NAME] went down with charges?","curiosity"
"Thousands of people born every single day! But mine? Mine's a god damned miracle!","admiration"
"Toxic feminism is ti blame","neutral"
"it’s a 3 year cegep degree (college","neutral"
"Sorry, that was a camel (unless you're talking about the remake).","caring"
"Will do! Thanks!","gratitude"
"Pls provide a timestamp to their antimigration chants and bravado lol","neutral"
"For real though, I do apologize. That's a bad run of luck for sure, it's such a rare syndrome ","disgust"
"And blames the girl and claims it can’t be his","neutral"
"You are delusional if you think big oil and existing deeply entrenched and rich traditional energy can’t pay scientists more money than new renewable energy can.","neutral"
"My bad lol.","fear"
"That sounds great, I *love* Rogue One. It's also the movie that's perfectly safe for TLJ fans to despise.","love"
"Can you imagine not being able to pick your nose THE WHOLE GAME ! Those poor bastards.","annoyance"
"Love this show :)","love"
"That’s kind of what makes the “guest” response funny, how did it get there?","curiosity"
"Great post, thanks for coming here and sharing.","admiration"
"I’m so sorry that you both have to deal with this ❤️","remorse"
"[NAME] is one of the worst announcers ever. [NAME] is one of the best.","admiration"
"Do whatever you want if/until you have kids. Just stay safe.","caring"
"Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.","disapproval"
"Somers is full of bougie rich people and Mansfield is all college kids.","neutral"
"They hated [NAME] since the beginning of [RELIGION], they treated them like animals","neutral"
"“Dear [NAME] you Coach [NAME]?","curiosity"
"We would leave ours up a long time. Cooperate decides when the come down. Maybe that's why.","approval"
"[NAME] is the best character in cinematic history","admiration"
"Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!","joy"
"> broaden your vocabulary I'll try my best. Thank you for this","gratitude"
"right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.","neutral"
"Welcome to non union states!","gratitude"
"Hmm. That may just be enough ;)","neutral"
"At first glance I thought he was just being a good citizen and trying to perform CPR on the poor guy","neutral"
"NO THEY DONT FALL OUT","disapproval"
"They call her she/her now but they've done a lot of weird things leading up to it","neutral"
"This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!","disapproval"
"Millennial here. Have a few motorcycles, none of them Harleys. I do not like overpriced, unreliable and bad performing vehicles. ","disapproval"
"I think it has more to do with them deriving a sense of identity from work. Remove the work and what remains?","neutral"
"I haven't gone by the name [NAME] since, oh before you were born.","disapproval"
"To be honest he doesn't have to be sorry for smoking weed. Your neighbor is a yuppy.","neutral"
"Literally a post on reddit by a woman being creepily hit on by a neighbor, with his wife's permission. Today.","neutral"
"Sorry This and [NAME] shot in game 5 of the 1990 finals are my all time favorite moments in basketball.","excitement"
"My nuts hurt watching that second part","disappointment"
"i thought i was the only one who felt this way!","curiosity"
"Whining on reddit about whining in game.","admiration"
"Heroin definetley isn't safer than Ritalin. The whole reason people prefer prescription drugs are because they are cleaner, thus safer","approval"
"I love how they keep getting smaller 🙊","love"
"Silver is deadly to were wolves, witches and certain other beings. Steel burns the shit out of [NAME].","neutral"
"I’ve reported her before I think that’s why she stopped pming me and started following my comment history instead.","realization"
"🤣 wow... I read it all in a serious tone until the end! 🤣","excitement"
"[NAME] it’s ok the trumpet player can’t hurt you anymore","disappointment"
"May the fleas of a thousand camels infest their armpits.","neutral"
"I mean, I'm glad that we support human spaceflight and that there were ghosts in the courtroom?","admiration"
"Likely just a scam","confusion"
"Want too big and lean to be naturally achievable.","desire"
"> The headline writers are misrepresenting her words (second publication I have seen in minutes that has done so). Oh wow I wonder why","anger"
"Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack","gratitude"
"This is just a stupid question. The answer is who cares? [NAME] is on an entirely different level from [NAME].","embarrassment"
"That’s why you gotta say you’re allergic to everything except your non-mixture opioid of choice 😉","neutral"
"Your 'brother' had texted alot of girls and ended up on in Internet many times then, what a celebrity! Did everyone clap as well? ","amusement"
"And maybe you can divert her physical touch to something like holding hands, or putting your arm around her while sitting on the couch. ","neutral"
"No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.","realization"
"If I met a woman that loved me and I her, that stuff wouldnt cross my mind. Its life. You make it work. ","approval"
"I think this is the clearest that it has ever been described. Thank you for this. It nailed it, for me anyway....","gratitude"
"Counter's clean, you're welcome!","neutral"
"What about Dallas and Austin?","neutral"
"What are the issues you have been having?","neutral"
"Where is you fur, human? You're a disgrace for all young generations","disappointment"
"Nobody likes you nonhuman mimics and everyone knows what you are.","disappointment"
"Now that you put it that way I can’t un-see it.","neutral"
"whyyyyy !!!! ughhh","neutral"
"Yeah, I actually do really like the TD Centre. Love walking around on (non bone chilling Saturday's) and just admiring the city.","love"
"I knooooow. I’m expecting more water splashes :p [NAME] I was not expecting a manga using the term *girlyboy* to actually be progressive.","surprise"
"Ah, I read it wrong. Jzk. ","realization"
"Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too","disappointment"
"Dear [NAME] man! (Irony intended) You didn't say "proof" you said "evidence"!","annoyance"
"I hated [NAME], but only because I thought he was good and played for the Cowboys. I feel the same way about [NAME] and [NAME]. ","admiration"
"My mums been with her second husband 30 odd years now. Second marriages can work but you definitely have to fix and heal yourself first.","disapproval"
"Just when I thought I was burnt out on comic book movies! Hell yes, let’s go! ","neutral"
"But you do know it, so that's good","admiration"
"I love trying new foods for the most part","love"
"Wow, guess my penis is small after all..","amusement"
"Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.","confusion"
"I think it was a one time thing because they still go for a lot more. I got lucky.","joy"
"> I’m tired of being realistic and open minded. Me too! Now it is all about being selfish and aloof. Not even kidding.","disappointment"
"Short, succinct, and perfect. It would be nice if the more of the world realized this simplicity of life.","caring"
"Yeah but everyone dies so that makes no sense lol.","amusement"
"Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.","disapproval"
"Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.","admiration"
"This only makes me want him more. Proves he is decisive and has self belief. Our team has been devoid of both.","neutral"
"[NAME] that was so awful I collapsed into a singularity","annoyance"
"All the best to you truly. I hope you can find balance in yourself which is what we all secretly need","caring"
"In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special","disapproval"
"Me me big sad.","sadness"
"It was nice knowing you all.","gratitude"
"Where are [NAME] and [NAME]??? Time to kick some butts!","neutral"
"Walmart is also a good place to look at the local fauna.","admiration"
"Gotta love the mermaid gems.","love"
"I find it gross, especially when it starts to cool. Chicken is great but leave it out of my dip and off my pizza.","admiration"
"You are megalophobic, my friend. Welcome to the club.","gratitude"
"Yeah it kinda sucks, that much is for sure, I'm just wondering if anyone knows why or has the same problem","disappointment"
"Thanks for an interesting thread. How many of the [NAME] in Malaysia would you characterize as [NAME] or supporting political [RELIGION]?","curiosity"
"It can swim tho, right? Couldn’t it just get some speed and hop up on the ice if it fell in?","neutral"
"Man I wish that was a real sub","desire"
"I've always encouraged people to check out far-Eastern Oregon... like Boise.","neutral"
"I’m not sure what to make of any of this but stay strong, friend. You’ll get through this eventually!","confusion"
"You misunderstand. I'm referring specifically to activist groups who mean to put women in elected office.","approval"
"Goodbye yes, but she could be alive","neutral"
"Good lord, that 'chandelier' made entirely out of antlers is pretty ridiculous 👀 ","admiration"
"He also owes [NAME]. a little payback.","pride"
"Total non-reaction by the trio of guys. ‘There goes [NAME] again. Every time we come out here.’","neutral"
"I hope it all works out for you and your baby girl, its hard doing it alone but itll be worth it for her. :)","optimism"
"Reverse racism is just racism","neutral"
"Having fuck tons of fun right now","excitement"
"My height is definitely a huge (ironically) factor. Im 5'1 no girl would date a guy 5'1.","pride"
"Next commercial break mute your TV and watch this for old times sake","neutral"
"If an addict gets clean of booze/drugs, you congratulate them! What a horrible crabbycrab to try to shut down someone who got their addiction under control.","annoyance"
"I would love to see some encouragement and smiles on the sideline instead of yelling and whining.","approval"
"F then.","neutral"
"My life has been destroyed","disapproval"
"I would rather this crappy meme die.","neutral"
"An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.","disappointment"
"I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her.","approval"
"gonna jump from there","neutral"
"Don't worry about stupid people and you do whatever you want. Screw them kind of people.","fear"
">not to a non negligible extent buy a thesaurus","neutral"
"There is no doubt about either one. Question is offside for this one.","neutral"
"My new favourite bromance","excitement"
"Well if this post isn’t just like staring into a mirror, I don’t know what is. ","confusion"
"And a pretty bad [NAME] too.","disapproval"
"You clearly don't have a clue about [NAME] career so don't start worrying about it now.","nervousness"
"I already trained him to snap if they treat him like a normal pet.","neutral"
"Yeah, this belongs on r/wholesomememes","neutral"
"I'm not very good at pressing the devils doorbell, but apparently I'm decent at licking it.","approval"
"Trust me, you can anthropomorphize anything and fuck it. Or at least, that’s what the internet has taught me.","anger"
"deserved better :/","disappointment"
"I blinked at the perfect moment and thought no one was going to save that man.","realization"
"Thank you so much for the help 😊","gratitude"
"The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland","approval"
"My girl has slowly been getting more and more into different [NAME] music, but she will always make it a point to play this track. I love it","amusement"
"I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao","amusement"
"I haven’t seen the episode yet but wow, what a reach.","admiration"
"Thank you, I always try to keep professional (despite their lack of it). I will definitely do Glassdoor","desire"
"Holy fuck this sub is the gift that keeps on giving","annoyance"
"Thanks for all these suggestions!","gratitude"
"We would leave ours up a long time. Cooperate decides when the come down. Maybe that's why.","confusion"
"Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3","admiration"
"Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.","sadness"
"As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.","love"
"Gotta cop the crust","neutral"
"This is amazingly unsatisfying.","disappointment"
"Worst deal on the leafs right now easily","disappointment"
"How done is she? (Check all that apply) [ ] Done. [ ] So Done. [ ] She can’t even.","neutral"
"Women are more neurotic.","neutral"
"Basketball is more entertaining than football","realization"
"I'm laughing hysterically at midnight Thanks LMAO","amusement"
"Soooooo Florida?","curiosity"
"He is [NAME]. That's the twist this soap opera needs!","approval"
"They’re not hated for their ethnicity. They’re hated for their actions&behavior.","realization"
"Rofl this pysyk kid is a disgrace","embarrassment"
"Everyone except [NAME] dying and [NAME] doesn’t know what happened","confusion"
"Hat tip to /u/ianamolly, this is from Sept. 2017 - ","neutral"
"Dude my brother just paid $300 for an ounce, can’t wait for legalisation","excitement"
"Ill take condoms and council tax over dying in horrible pain from typhoid but each to there own.","annoyance"
"You have a real axe to grind about this. Should've pulled your bootstraps up more and mowed more lawns in the summer, son.","neutral"
"I love it","love"
"Look at the size of those shorts!","neutral"
"You said it baby, can't wait to see what marvelous wonders the rest of 2019 will bring!","curiosity"
"Also, if you start looking for your partner to get mad at you when depression "kicks in" then you're probably starting it yourself. ","approval"
"Was just wondering about the mobile thing. I only use mobile and I've never noticed anything odd. It's not something people would care about anyhow.","confusion"
"but she got kicked out of japan and isn't allowed back bc she violated her visa lol edit- also no one in japan want her","neutral"
"I love that username","love"
"[NAME].","neutral"
"Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.","amusement"
"You legitimately sound like a hipster.","neutral"
"We're moving from Utah to California later this year. These statistics make me even more excited!!","neutral"
"He seems like the most genuine dude. I’m so happy to have him as our coach.","joy"
">tyrannical absolutes = must be sarcasm Oh, sweet summer child...","amusement"
"Blatantly fake.","disapproval"
"I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...","disappointment"
"I tried the pilot and it just felt very "meh" to me. Does it get better or is it just not to my sense of humor?","annoyance"
"No problem! Glad to help.","relief"
"Yes thank you","gratitude"
"My son isn't old enough to remember his brother and my husband and I feel like that's a blessing.","joy"
"Still seems to exist. I'll check it out. Thanks!","gratitude"
"I don't think fantasy draft has been a thing for a few years in career mode.","disapproval"
"The second i had a coven free weekend I went into ranked. I already knew how the roles had worked because I watched skimms videos","neutral"
"I would make that face too if I just realized I was HC of the New York Jets","desire"
"It is the truth lol","amusement"
"I know, that's why it's a little unfortunate they don't have a test. ","disapproval"
"It's not exactly hard to keep track.","disapproval"
"Crayfish. thank you! this cord was from an old beam-type smoke detector.","neutral"
"People use condoms with their spouse? Are you guys an open relationship or what?","curiosity"
"My 47 year old sister is still creeped out by the original theme show's music. She refuses to watch it.","neutral"
"I didn't say "do it for the children," but I understand if reading isn't a strong suit for you.","neutral"
"Congratulations! Hard work always pays off! :) Hope you enjoy your new job!!","admiration"
"I don't remember accurately but something in the lines of >and slightly leaning back so as to not be able to reach the remote","disappointment"
"Ha you're hilarious. Upvoted","joy"
"That’s interesting, I took it as the dad being in a coma and the daughter visiting him in the hospital","caring"
"They're so scared","fear"
"Can always join the discord and submit a vod, would still work!","neutral"
""five minutes of fame"... [NAME] lmao. Ok, whatever u say kid.","joy"
"oh shitttt. it’s upside down","anger"
"Please tell me how you feel about [NAME] and [NAME] again once you've finish with your manufactured outrage.","neutral"
"You missed so many...","disappointment"
"Lmao I love how no one replied to say you’re wrong but you had -1 upvotes","amusement"
"That's the idea, don't be so indignant that I called out your bs.","annoyance"
"For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out. ","sadness"
"football is my best cope. its like chess to me","joy"
"I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in","admiration"
"It'll certainly make Naboo throne room interesting.","love"
"Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !","approval"
"I love your Grandma! Good for you for not just giving in.","love"
"Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore","joy"
"My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.","grief"
"Shot info -> Canon 5D Mark iii & Sigma 150-600mm C f/9 ▫️ 1/60 sec ▫️ ISO 400 **instagram**","neutral"
"Manager of the Year: [NAME] ... and [NAME] gets hired away to NY or LA.","neutral"
"Oh look even more whinging by a Brexshitter about how its all gonna sort it self out fine, such fantastic info.","amusement"
"You have no idea what you unleashed","neutral"
"Had to comment just to say that I don't even know what to say to this. It's so mindblowingly stupid.","anger"
"Just from this video I can conclude that Saquon is a better DB than BW Webb is.","approval"
"It's not nearly as easy to underreport murders as you think","fear"
"“Go for the sodas and ice cream” would be sufficient. No need to rag on the food.","neutral"
"Hi dying, I'm dad!","neutral"
"I usually find it is something like a balloon and wait for them to have saved more often lol.","neutral"
"He never said that, but he always bit me!","realization"
"1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.","approval"
"Well. I’m sick and slept through the game, that wasn’t the result I expected to wake up to lmao. What happened?","curiosity"
"Faces covered up.... hmmmm","neutral"
"Congrats to you","joy"
"Reality is often disappointing","disappointment"
"That's good eatin' mate.","admiration"
"Explain how British farmers taking common aborigine land in Australia to be used as private property 'isn't rooted in colonialism'.","curiosity"
"I'm disappointed in you too.","sadness"
"[NAME]: I want to be where the people are... I want to see, want to see 'em dancing... ","neutral"
"Also linked with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is virtually done.","neutral"
"I love how defeatist we've all become.","admiration"
"Is that meat or veggies?","neutral"
"It's a [NAME] family tradition!","approval"
"Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.","caring"
"Thank you for your vote of confidence, but we statistically can't get to 10 wins.","gratitude"
"Hey! Have any work that I can see or listen to?","neutral"
"to the post","neutral"
"Yeah and if the media finds out that they weren't drug related we will never hear of it again","disapproval"
"Try to be rational instead of angry.","caring"
"When asked about my hopes for the Wild, i always (half) jokingly say, “i hope my grandkids can see them raise their first Cup”","optimism"
"He's given them a year and a new budget. Everyone knew this was going to happen.","optimism"
"That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.","sadness"
"Sure you can, but the question is whether or not the kid will listen, or if you will upset the parent. ","neutral"
"This is very accurately funny and sad. 🤦🏻‍♂️","amusement"
"Except 47 out of the 59 tribes were in support of the pipeline. Don't let facts get in the way of your narrative though.","neutral"
"You didn't write that very clearly at all. I Wish You Would is a cover anyway, and I highly doubt that was the point of the tweet.","neutral"
"I think I get this reference, GradeAUnderA?","approval"
"Google owns youtube.","approval"
"Yes. I often dream of death or further isolation","approval"
"the good ol days","joy"
"I want a [NAME] podcast. Doesn't have to be weekly, just once in a while let him ramble about something","neutral"
"Both good and not so good, but mostly good! You should DESTROY HER. NOBODY NEEDS TO TAKE UP THAT MUCH SPACE ON THE CURB. ","annoyance"
"That could be a quick way to see the next great Orlando big man end up in LA, haha. ","approval"
"This is caused by a downed power line discharging to the ground around it.","neutral"
"Dude, your mentally handicapped post history. /I'm ignoring ya it's all good","confusion"
"But it'll hurt","sadness"
"My guess is that we will get it done at $9.1 for 8 years. Slightly high number now that will seem like a bargain in 4-5 years.","neutral"
"*geez oh man my father was a mailman*","realization"
"You forgot fusion","annoyance"
"Love the cheese!","love"
"Reminds me of my favorite [NAME] post","approval"
"I think the [NAME] person is a Prequel and [NAME] memer right? Like this basically confirms it","neutral"
"Wait, this is an INDUSTRY person? Wtf.","annoyance"
"Definition of "Threading the Needle" ","neutral"
"Get better jobs","neutral"
"Is it only possible for men to be crossdressers? I’ve never heard a woman called that, even if she’s dressed like a man.","neutral"
"People hate him? Why? Most call him the most dominant player in CFB this year.","curiosity"
"Oh my gawd. WHAT?","surprise"
"I'm sitting here as he has never even lurked.","neutral"
"[NAME] and [NAME]. There really is NO point of them staying and they are unbearable to watch.","disapproval"
"I’m finishing that right now. Very fascinating.","admiration"
"Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.","neutral"
"It’s not unlikely that his family was already imprisoned or dead, which gave him the window to run. ","annoyance"
"You mean more handouts than they already get?","neutral"
"Lol. I will be bartending and serving.","neutral"
"okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse","excitement"
"The what now?","neutral"
"I wouldn't be surprised if their confidence is so shot that they lose this control and lose 3-0","annoyance"
"I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.","desire"
"Finally some appreciation","gratitude"
"I don't care. I shouldn't be forced to suffer allergies and a messy car","realization"
"Damn, learning from Hungary real fast I see ","neutral"
"Sorry my teams gave you your only two losses this season ;)","remorse"
"I’m sure you could find some unsatisfied women looking for a hook up.","pride"
"Exhibit A, lol","amusement"
"Yeah I totally wasn’t going to until I saw this comment.","neutral"
"Is this just fantasy","disappointment"
"I'm sorry I watched that","sadness"
"Bruh Nicollet Mall is downtown Minneapolis. There’s nothing suburban about it.","neutral"
"I hardly think guys who never even reviewed Moonlight “would rather do arthouse or indie stuff.” They love obscure genre movies, not indie/arthouse.","love"
"Let's be real, [NAME] is coming back.","curiosity"
"Still the greatest timeline tho","admiration"
"I've finally found my people who know the struggle.","joy"
"She’s horrible","fear"
"I pose you this question, "How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?"","anger"
"I you use a /s .... Don’t know what to say to you m8...","confusion"
"It's got what plants crave.","approval"
"Oh. This is so true. I have maybe 2 close friends. Smh","neutral"
"Did you accidentally buy the Australian model of the camera?","curiosity"
"Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.","caring"
"Zero chance. Jeeze.","disappointment"
"Dude, stay on drugs and leave politics to sane people","caring"
"Boys lets go start a donnybrook","neutral"
"It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.","neutral"
"Maybe, but I don’t think he’s capable of make a studio by himself lol","amusement"
"No surprise, it's nearly impossible to find a seat in the library any time remotely close to exams. ","realization"
"Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow","optimism"
"I think that making someone an approved submitter might get around that. Not 100% sure though.","confusion"
"Let's see, collectivized commons leave less grass on the ground and wreck the economy. Nope. The tragedy of the commons still holds true. Try again.","excitement"
"As an [NAME], I expected something different.","desire"
"What? That doesn’t answer my question.","confusion"
"Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!","amusement"
"Is this in the US? 30k per year blows my mind, my tuition is like 9k ish a year+rent","neutral"
"If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.","neutral"
"I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.","annoyance"
"Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.","caring"
"Wait is this a euphemism for ditching your husband and finding a new partner or did you lose 179 pounds?!?!","surprise"
"Just explain what is going on. But also understand the other people involved will probably be at least somewhat upset. No one likes plans cancelled on them","disappointment"
"My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.","approval"
"That'll make it too easy.","optimism"
"Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.","love"
"Do you need someone to talk to [NAME]? Your comment history is pretty disconcerting.","caring"
"Yes religious abuse by parents because their son dared question their religion","neutral"
"Oh you magnificent person. Yes please.","admiration"
"Good thing there’s someone sensible in the Whitehouse.","admiration"
"The my bad thing is hilarious.","amusement"
"My mom is attractive. My dad is ugly. I look like my dad. My bro looks like my mom infact he is a chad","neutral"
"[NAME] lost 250-57 1st map to EU and then just quit and wasted all of EUs time.","neutral"
"Think there was a huge delay I hop on Twitter right after the stream showing them lose and [NAME] tweet was up 2 min ago","neutral"
"I moved here a year ago, this is the second time I've seen a flipped car in this sub","neutral"
"I blinked at the perfect moment and thought no one was going to save that man.","neutral"
"Yes - summer, and I was with my parents who did all the actual work so I just got to relax with the baby! ","approval"
"> punishment for saying no to rape Surely if you wanted to rape someone you'd have to punish them for saying yes...","anger"
"I always say "Good Luck!" "Well Played" after winning/losing match.","neutral"
"If its your first time with dxm, I would take that first and maybe the other drugs on the comedown","neutral"
"He has become that which he swore to destroy!","neutral"
"I wish they had what they advertised. The end of that era was sometime in my teens.","desire"
"“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.","neutral"
"Or they really trust Verdugo","neutral"
"You go home now","neutral"
"Those are female toes. Busted!","anger"
"I wake up in a cold sweat at four am on a Tuesday like "table twelve never got their ranch three Fridays ago" ","disappointment"
"I’m totally having a fantasy about publicly shaming someone for giving their server attitude right now. Sweet justice.","annoyance"
"your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware","disappointment"
"I love how far some people stretch. I don’t think this fits the sub and now I’m a [NAME] that uses storefront. Nice.","neutral"
"You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day","caring"
"just a single point","neutral"
"I’m dying! Perfect!","admiration"
"you guys are getting a better pick that we are. take solace.","neutral"
"I love working with people but sometimes I really hate people. 🤷🤷🤷","confusion"
"This is one of the new accounts that tried to call me a cunt!","annoyance"
"This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you","admiration"
"[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird","annoyance"
"Me: laughs in Florida.","neutral"
"So unnecessary.","disapproval"
"I guess my story was too subtle. Alone on an indian burial ground after dark. It's literally the core of multiple horror stories.","annoyance"
"Yes. Especially if I go to sneeze and I lose it, I just look up to a light and bam. Sneeze time!","amusement"
"Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.","caring"
"Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.","annoyance"
"I just got there and saw "Chicken Pox" When the image is about smallpox","surprise"
"Yeah, I haven’t kept up with that show lol ","amusement"
"Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺","admiration"
"[NAME] is a guest speaker in one of my classes this semester. Can’t wait.","excitement"
"Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.","approval"
"Oh and just fyi for everyone, the girls are bisexual (obviously haha) and I am Pansexual, though [NAME] thinks she may be Pansexual too 😁","amusement"
"that's a lot of karma!","neutral"
"All of this is almost blow for blow identical to the conditioning children in abusive homes go through. Take from that what you will.","neutral"
"Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...","sadness"
"True.. but it just seems weird that of all the ways [NAME] could have died in that throne room, he was killed by being cut in half. ","neutral"
"That backfired in the most delightful way.","admiration"
"Well. That went sideways pretty quickly.","neutral"
"Shocking description of the criminals. Never could have guessed that","surprise"
"you are lucky to have him....lord knows i wish i could have a so, but its natural to want friends too.....dont feel bad","approval"
"If you're in the Arrowverse, stay away from [NAME] and [NAME]. Swipe motherfucking **left**.","neutral"
" thanks bot! You too man!......Soooooo, what does YOUR hair look like?....","gratitude"
"Haha my cat does that as well. Had to get round door knobs.","amusement"
"This is me yesterday, oh and today. ","pride"
"No problem, I hope that you are able to accomplish what you wish :)","caring"
"I love you.","love"
"He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.","approval"
"It’s an 05 and we don’t know when the battery was last repacked lol","amusement"
"Fantastic thanks! If there’s anything I can do to help you out with the interview or your first year teaching let me know!","admiration"
"You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.","curiosity"
"I don't date women who smoke. As for pills or syringes etc, I don't find recreational drug users attractive. Similarly for being drunk.","annoyance"
"Felt this way ever since he tried to rip [NAME] arm out of its socket.","neutral"
"I apologize, that sincerely was meant for Askreddit. If you look at my history you'll see that's where I always post. My mistake.","remorse"
"toxic players will sure show you the ways soon enough. Hope you got the game for free.","caring"
"yes i emailed him and within 10 minutes he emailed back and asked me to call him directly. we spoke for over 30 minutes.","neutral"
"That's why the link points directly to that time stamp.","neutral"
"I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.","fear"
"All of your examples are legal entities established as groups. The [RELIGION] Church and LULAC are a different concept then "the [NAME]". ","approval"
"You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.","disappointment"
"That’s me! Got it at the sens store by 304","approval"
"Most likely cuz it’s an addiction to dopamine","neutral"
"Watch it and find out. Go in with a fresh mind.","neutral"
"Yay, just in time for the commute","relief"
"What. The. Fresh. Fuck.","neutral"
"Yay I feel so uplifted!!!","excitement"
"Would it make you feel any better, little girl, if they was pushed out of windows?","caring"
"It didn't take me any longer than the first, and I feel uncomfortable now","annoyance"
"Trust me no one getting caught but this dumb MF","nervousness"
"I can't believe offense blew such - oh nevermind.","realization"
"I only wrote it down as a last choice if I have trouble meeting people on campus.","approval"
"Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.","admiration"
"Because that doesnt create any unintended consequences","neutral"
"Praying yea hope so","caring"
"So sorry, for your loss.","caring"
"You'll find a lot of those posts in most Tulsi threads","neutral"
"People who hate [NAME] really really hate him. It’s quite fascinating.","disapproval"
""Feed the wars and fuck the poors" is pretty much their policy.","anger"
"don't know any [NAME], sorry","neutral"
"So every interaction with a dumb or crazy person is news?","confusion"
"*looks through comments* Who said it was going to be unbiased?","neutral"
"Ah, this may explain all the untimely heart attack deaths we hear about for those who opposed the state or whatnot ","grief"
"I mean, it's aight","neutral"
"These are icels. Anything that has its own porn category is kinky to them.","excitement"
"I've always loved [NAME] just saying are we all forgetting he literally won rookie of the year I know it was against no competition but still.","love"
"[NAME] seems like such a quality guy","neutral"
"Thanks very much, so do I! :)","gratitude"
"If it results in killing [NAME], [NAME] is willing to be merciful and hold his wrath back against the kids.","neutral"
"I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.","anger"
"For real. I get tired of all the griping. Deal with it or get out.. or start a freaking riot and make changes.","optimism"
"Sounds awesome!","admiration"
"And that's why I prefer archive links instead of directly linking to a reddit post.","relief"
"Omg creepy!","fear"
"My dad doesn’t believe in climate change. This is way too accurate.","disapproval"
"Haven’t forgotten, but let’s get his ridiculous defense up to par. ","neutral"
"Yeah after an hour he started walking and eating. But for now he’s staying inside my home for the week","realization"
"As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.","love"
"Ik was more curious with our communities opinion","curiosity"
"Yeah I've been finding it so hard to not eat everything in sight since Christmas. I'm still staying under my TDEE, but I feel nasty. ","desire"
"[NAME] understand a hudna like this alludes to quranic truces made by [NAME], which he violated on extremely flimsy pretenses once the strategic situation shifted in his favor. ","neutral"
"I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count. ","disapproval"
"My mom thinks this neighborhood is safe, and I kinda don't want her being more paranoid but I feel like I should do SOMETHING.","disapproval"
"Dude... are you okay?","caring"
"It bothers me that he doesn’t respond to your texts. That’s weird","annoyance"
"Stop crying already","caring"
"Certainly possible. I think you can wait until 15 but that's just a gut thing.","neutral"
"They're not the brightest bunch.","disappointment"
"Damn I was kinda counting on evolution to get me to heaven, but who am I to argue if [NAME] says it?","desire"
"Pretty impressed that they have pork roll there tbh","admiration"
"This is beautifully written.","love"
"Oh she dead","sadness"
"I was more concerned that your comment held a frame of reference assuming it was real.","pride"
"DONT RUIN THIS FOR ME","neutral"
"This kills the country.","neutral"
"The must be on the prowl because I've been getting these calls a lot lately.","neutral"
"OOOOOFFF, now that'd be a kick to the head","neutral"
"If Wacky Races kept on going it would have 100% adult viewers","optimism"
"Comparing [NAME] to a tantruming toddler isn't new but comparing him to one's *own* toddler is bizarre.","neutral"
"The only thing missing from their stupid play book is some sort of weapons of mass destruction hysteria","disapproval"
"No idea at this point... found in the garage from my wife's residency many years ago... (she won't let me say HOW many years)","neutral"
"Not really grinding you down though. The EU is just sticking to the agreed schedule","neutral"
"I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(","optimism"
"I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly","love"
"Well good luck! Hoping to see you in my diamond games soon. Psn is LokleLad if you ever wanna stack","desire"
"I've got six aces","joy"
"Long hair for guys should happen more, it looks cool *and feels nice too*","neutral"
"If there was ever such thing as a tasteful neck beard this is it. Such a beautiful bird","admiration"
"Great night in the Midwest 200 in three hours. I hope all my fellow uber drivers did good. Happy new year I wish you the best in2019.","gratitude"
"Besides the fact that he hasn't announced that he's running yet (to my knowledge), there are CONSIDERABLE problems still lingering from his last campaign.","neutral"
"I was dispointed in 5. it was clearly thrown in to sell 3, as they wanted to make 3 not 5 D. ","disappointment"
"As a Cardinals man i agree, makes me want to deck the cunt but hes huge and i love him, so conflicted","approval"
"this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot","disapproval"
"if you see someone has the am logo as their only profile pic its pretty obvious they would be looking for an affair, at least to me.","joy"
"Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.","optimism"
"Bye that's it for me. I'ts all over.","realization"
"Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams","neutral"
"Well two other close testers are really upset about rolling","neutral"
"[NAME] “sociopath”.","neutral"
"So happy for you :)","caring"
"That really is fantastic","excitement"
"He was the best hitter in baseball 2017 ST. That's not a joke. What happened since is a few things, but he was.","neutral"
"When I play duel for fun I usually go attack speed GEB xD","annoyance"
"No femshaming, guys.","anger"
"Oh yeah, definitely. Sometimes I was with three people while on one date.","neutral"
"Sitting at home drunk waiting for my tech to charge so I can sit out back and listen to music lol","amusement"
"I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/","sadness"
"I punch them in the throat before they get the chance to speak.","anger"
"Might is generous lol. He totally killed that guy.","neutral"
"[NAME] is playing with so much energy today. New year, new haircut, maybe he's feeling like it's an opportunity for a fresh start. ","neutral"
"soulmate <3","neutral"
"I sense no awful taste here.","disappointment"
"We need an update, man. What's this "Outside" like???","curiosity"
"[NAME] And [NAME] were [NAME] in the ND game, they both need to be investigated & executed ","neutral"
"[NAME] taking a backseat this episode but it sounds like he'll join the fray once [NAME] goes completely crazy.","excitement"
"To annoy you That's the real on reason","anger"
"Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.","surprise"
"i said first world :)","neutral"
"More like the in-law that nobody likes.","disapproval"
"What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!","excitement"
"How does she hear everyones prayers?","confusion"
"Where can you watch community? I can’t find it anywhere and it looks great.","neutral"
"When it didn’t work in r/aww r/funny or r/animalsbeingderps he came here","neutral"
"I ask them straight why they don't respect my decision. That usually fixes it.","curiosity"
"If it were food, it wouldn't be made of warm. 11/10 cat logic. ","neutral"
"Centrists compared to which left wing parties in other countries? Compared to the UK you guys are **far**-left.","neutral"
"Chaaaandler BING! OHHH MYYY GAWDDD!","realization"
"We really need to sign a new CB now with [NAME] out injured. [NAME] isn't good enough yet.","neutral"
"Scars do not fade after 2 weeks. Its gonna take a few months. I've got some nasty scars too girl I feel your pain","sadness"
"You dirty abo","neutral"
"Not if it’s above the waist!","neutral"
"I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since [NAME] and I would kill for my Lions to get him.","admiration"
"Didn’t locals cry bloody murder about that and get it rejected? I hope the state tell them to pound sand and do it anyway.","curiosity"
"OH MY GOD!!!! The poor parents must have gone from gutted to PISSED in a matter of moments.","annoyance"
"It was a poor choice of words.","disapproval"
"Im a revolver guy so I've always admired the rhino and its low bore axis design. The Rhino and the Kimber k6s are on my list.","realization"
"Go to the school administration and explain the problem with the nurse having an oil diffuser. See if they'll take action.","neutral"
"“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.","anger"
"Thank you. I really appreciate the help","admiration"
"I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...","realization"
"I can respect profiting from morons.","neutral"
"I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals. ","neutral"
"Nice! I'm glad there was a great turnout. Congrats!","admiration"
"What I'm saying g is this is really on the edge of being a that happened I mean it could be partially true","approval"
"Happy new years!!!!","neutral"
"that's fair. problem was that some of these responses make a fairly incorrect generalization.","realization"
"banned from the show floor - second sentence. It’s in all the sources I’ve come across.","neutral"
"Not me personally, but I do think it's an excellent idea. You never know when a stomach bug might hit.","nervousness"
"He wants to make excuses for his affair and I doubt you'll feel better after listening to him. In fact, you may actually feel worse. ","approval"
"Why do you keep doing this thing where you say you disagree but not why? If you have a counterargument, go ahead.","confusion"
"if it makes you feel better I still think your a good person .","neutral"
"Guys. Our defense is bad outside of like two guys.","disapproval"
"“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure","annoyance"
"LMAO me too! Just give us the life sentence and be done with it 🤣","amusement"
"Nope, not me. I am primarily a cyclist and drive as little as possible.","neutral"
"Oh nice I was wondering if you could mix flavours. I'll still stick to mint though 🤷‍♂️","surprise"
"It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day","approval"
"Story checks out.","neutral"
"If by probe you mean “ask questions” then it’s To fully understand what you’re trying to say — why else?","confusion"
"Love the beauty of nature.","love"
"I wasn't sure either. I'm 30 and my doctor has never said anything about getting retested or revaccinated.","confusion"
"Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!","disgust"
"People have gotten triggered on this sub the past month if you didn't call [NAME] a [NAME], so I think we can handle it.","approval"
"Watt made you think this was funny?","surprise"
"Thank you so much. I fixed it","gratitude"
"did it work?","curiosity"
"Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding","amusement"
"[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.","caring"
"What no one in the history of time has ever recovered from a bad first date? Hard pass on this anecdotal evidence.","curiosity"
"You drive from Burlington to London to school???","neutral"
"At LEAST one. It could be up to 3 additional victims who were uninformed that they had a biological son.","neutral"
"I believe it's free","approval"
"You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.","anger"
"That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.","admiration"
"Once they saw the purple hair dye go into the Amazon cart, they got real scared. ","fear"
"A thousand year old institution that is hundreds of years old and has remained largely unchanged for almost a decade.","neutral"
"Looks like something you would see in a comedy movie.","amusement"
"Ayyy you're welcome! x)","excitement"
"That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.","gratitude"
"Hi, how are you doing? ","caring"
"Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this","annoyance"
"Ok, so if I was to start what package/expansions do you suggest I buy ?","neutral"
"Wow I forgot we were competing with Sevilla for 3rd place. That makes this win even more important then!","excitement"
"Those Boys risked their lives for a strong independent woman.","admiration"
"Yeah, but what if he didn't have a camera? You see it in Russia all the time, which is why everyone has a dashcam.","neutral"
"He’s always ready","neutral"
"that's so wholesome 💜","admiration"
"There are more candies in the picture on those 2 brownies than there are in the entire pack of 6!","neutral"
"Don’t quote me on there being fish in there, it just looked like a nice picture.","disapproval"
"You might be on to something, but did you have a question?","neutral"
"No thank you, I'm just here to use your bathroom","neutral"
"Thank you for mentioning that!","gratitude"
"If you think NOED is OP, use small game, if small game is bad, your argument is invalid. ","disapproval"
"No it’s true. However it is time to rethink how we recycle clothing in cities and the elimination of donation bins is step one.","disapproval"
"I am confusion.","confusion"
"I don't care. It's adorable.","admiration"
"I feel like you need to get out of your current situation for the sake of your own happiness.","caring"
"Wow, the video is a lot worse than I thought. His actions after he asks for the age is very uncomfortable. ","disappointment"
"I mean [NAME] rookie of the year thing. Lol am dumbass Just a misunderstanding.","amusement"
"The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.","admiration"
"Love the Cafe Zoetrope, such a charming place. Beautiful building too.","admiration"
"It's very r/thathappened","neutral"
"I’ll read that, thanks!","gratitude"
"My ex with BPD said this to me about her ex. They have been apart for nearly a year.","neutral"
"Just think of the awesome stories though!","neutral"
"And then there's "having to listen to parents bragging about how hard they have it" tired.","neutral"
"ya how dare anyone like live and breathe around you. another joy of life you must be in person","anger"
"Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.","admiration"
"IMO the only place worse to gain than ya stomach is your face 😭","annoyance"
"The only time petty revenge backfired lol at least from what I understood unless I missed something","amusement"
"It's very interesting that the fresh water doesn't just dilute the salt water","realization"
"What a nasty goal! Gives you chills!","disappointment"
"Disgusting, I bet you he will never even be inside that apartment condo ever.","disgust"
"So we should just complete one study on anything, never question the results or methods, and just accept the initial study as gospel. Gotcha.","neutral"
"Nets well run? Should I being bring up the trade?","curiosity"
"She is an asshat for driving on the walkway but fuck these guys. They should probably find something better to do with their lives.","neutral"
"IM ALL JACKED UP ON MOUNTAIN DEW","neutral"
"I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved ","love"
"I don't need to have [NAME] as my husbando to love my mom","neutral"
"> You don't own them so that they will give you eggs, you saved them and now coincidentally they give you eggs. This!","neutral"
"Three year olds learn it's wrong to draw on the walls with crayon. I think you look stupid in this thread.","admiration"
"I'm already a member :[NAME] Already posted it there too.","approval"
"Can we put down weed bro? He’s faced too much suffering.","curiosity"
"Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.","surprise"
"I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.","love"
"Booping can be dangerous though.","annoyance"
"Signing a 31yr old injury prone player for 5 years 60mil is pretty stupid. [NAME] would have been similar cost wise and he isn't made of glass","annoyance"
"I got a free Razor for being a student so I'm a net loss on their company :D","sadness"
"[NAME] is not fascist. Heck,she's not even alt-right","disapproval"
"I wish I didn't know that...😔","neutral"
"Wow!! very funny","amusement"
"How has nobody in the coaching staff tried to stop [NAME] from going in and killing us","neutral"
"There’s no reason to scare a parent into vaccinating their child with all this crazy talk of measles and polio. Everyone’s right!","neutral"
"I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.","remorse"
"Oh cannot do anything ... click pass so much fun:) Not yet pass all 3 lanes :)","amusement"
"LOL, had me confused for a second. Didn't realize you had responded to another comment of mine as well. ","realization"
"Hope + Sabres = Mistake Just remember that you love hockey and do your best to enjoy the ride.","neutral"
"Would you start by cutting all education or by cutting all healthcare?","confusion"
"The last two years have made me see why [NAME] do what they do.","neutral"
"Dear Governor of Louisana, 2009 NFCCG That is all Now take the L","neutral"
"This meme is dated and lost it's humor years ago. All you're doing is taunting people who have followed a different path in life.","neutral"
"*DRAINS, CLOGS, BACKED UP LOGS [NAME]!* *OH, NO, TOILET OVERFLOW [NAME]!*","surprise"
"[NAME] will get injured after today or in the next one or two matches. Death, taxes and [NAME] injury.","grief"
"Luckily he is not.","joy"
"Autistic space AIDS","neutral"
"Hell yeah, i agree ☺","approval"
"We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.","anger"
"Just be honest with this person. Sorry I didn’t read the whole thing I don’t have time rn :(","caring"
"He seems to have a really cool fashion sense, maybe he can do something with it one day, maybe go to Paris?","admiration"
"Oh Yes. She says to me: now we can plot world domination together. I say back: and we'll never get around to it","neutral"
"it depends on the page you moron.","anger"
"Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?","surprise"
"Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically. ","anger"
"isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird","embarrassment"
"I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!","joy"
"i am the new [NAME] hope she doesn't get hated on when she returns on all stars","optimism"
"I mean it’s definitely rushed but your clock is ticking and could be possibly on the verge of running out. I say go for it.","neutral"
"Sad to see this as a one-off. [NAME] seemed to be really enjoy the game and itself. Will give the game a try.","neutral"
"[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck","annoyance"
"[NAME] in the Lego movie? Get outta here","neutral"
"Yeah, try to buy a relationship, good idea...","admiration"
"I'm going to hold out hope for something minor even though it looked really bad. Just going to wait for the official news.","optimism"
"Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.","neutral"
"You know what’s a real tragedy? I’m yet to find Soleil art with brand.","curiosity"
"Mine was apparently [NAME] and the giant peach!","confusion"
"[NAME] and a top 60 protected second rounder for [NAME]. Who says no","neutral"
"Do you agree that voter literacy exams and grandfather clause in post civil war USA were de jure racial-blind but de facto racist?","neutral"
"Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!","optimism"
"The good kind","neutral"
"The guy at the deli this morning when I went to get ham looked liable to collapse.","fear"
"The fact that people STILL believe this after 5 years is mind boggling to me..","neutral"
"I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad","caring"
"I'm shocked, shocked, to find that redditors don't read sources and stay with the info they get from the misleading titles. ","neutral"
"Your team lacks ethics.","disapproval"
"Shame about him killing [NAME] on camera.","disapproval"
"One of the most posted things on reddit. Please delete","disapproval"
"You’re better off going to University","caring"
"Maybe they actually went to help the guy who fell instead of just filming?","neutral"
"They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.","anger"
"Yeah I have no sympathy for them.","approval"
"I've actually taken this opportunity to get back into making YouTube videos.","approval"
"Degloved finger...*ouch*. One of the worst types of avulsions.","disgust"
"We’ve got the terrorists screaming [NAME] while commiting terror acts to thank for that.","neutral"
"Someone just needs a hug","caring"
"If they take on Crabbe it could be alright. We should try to get [NAME] and [NAME] from Chicago while dumping Crabbe.","caring"
"that offense averaged 20 points a game. the same as this year and look where we are.","neutral"
"Switching to GEICO could save you 15% or more on car insurance","excitement"
"Maybe crazy dude is looking to bring water to [NAME] in the 90s-set Fresh Off the Boat. Something about [NAME] does it for me too. /s","neutral"
"That’s an insult!! To fecal matter.","disappointment"
"This happened to me too. Also how I found out my cpa is an exmo.","neutral"
"No, I was very interested in the game until this news broke. Now I’m a little disappointed. But at least I can opt-out. ","disappointment"
"I hate u i love u.. best song that describes that","admiration"
"Maybe his son is 30 and drunk","neutral"
"This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.","disapproval"
"Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?","confusion"
"I would like that.","approval"
"Yes please. What's that @ ?","neutral"
"I am so blessed to be a lesbian.","gratitude"
"? sometimes i play ffa with my friends to have fun","joy"
"I hope you’re okay! I’m so sorry that happened. I’m glad I don’t work in gastown anymore","optimism"
"That's false","disapproval"
"DEAD DUCK INSIDE DO NOT EAT. Well, I’m not sure what I expected. ","anger"
"Originally just a child murderer.","neutral"
"She sort of left under the appearance that she had just been beaten up, like she was fleeing. That narrative has changed.","anger"
"You know nothing about this guy... this is a not cool thing to say.","disapproval"
"This is what unions are for. The great only appear great because we are on our knees","admiration"
"Damn you have a lot of alts. :D","amusement"
"Soundboard operator needs to start blasting duck quacks whenever we block their guys","approval"
"and the duck shaped nozzle makes it easy to slam entire bottles!","realization"
"That looked HARD","neutral"
"I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol","amusement"
"This is why I clean my belly button every day. That’s disgusting","disgust"
"Let’s get some shoes!","approval"
"Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao ","amusement"
"I'm so sorry. Read about you getting kicked out at home. That must be devastating","remorse"
"> I'll only debate subjects I'm knowledgable of. Then you're not good at debating.","gratitude"
"you can tell who is in power by who you can't criticize' = Israel","confusion"
"thanks guys appreciate the clarifications!","gratitude"
"Lol he was actually roasting OG fans that lick his arse, not [NAME] himself. Take the upvote.","amusement"
"If [NAME] really did look like that guy though...why was the dumbass gonna step to him like that?","confusion"
"Feel free to use as many rhymes as you want, after all you have the final say of your word play.","approval"
"I've seen guys who didn't know each other start conversations about sports. It all seemed very effortless.","annoyance"
"i just don’t think we are aggressive 100% of the time","disapproval"
"Not sure why you are getting downvoted for this comment. I really dislikes the Facebook type posts on this sub.","confusion"
"That's a good idea, I'm going to have to make some room! Thank you. ","admiration"
"I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.","anger"
"It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.","disappointment"
"If only they were more like [RELIGION] amirite?","confusion"
"He is [NAME]. That's the twist this soap opera needs!","neutral"
"Glad to hear this gets easier. I want to visit Hawaii, but I've held off to avoid those feelings. Same with Portland sadly. :(","admiration"
"Why!? I just don’t understand why? Somebody tell me why?","confusion"
"In what ways?","neutral"
"Nah, they always were a government's tool to enslave us","disapproval"
"That sounds fun. I think I can make it. I have tickets already. I’m excited to see [NAME] play as well.","amusement"
"I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy","approval"
"Does taking a small jab at [NAME] shrek 2 mean something has to be wrong with me? What a fragile world you must live in...","confusion"
"I just gave you a quote direct from the current finance minister regarding the supply. Get real, man.","approval"
"[NAME] is a fucking god","neutral"
"Tbh bastion is still super op before it now I can just abuse him more","disgust"
"Exactly. It was The fact that everything happened and ended so suddenly that left me speechless.","realization"
"Hahaha, that's brilliant. Stupid and hilarious. ","amusement"
"Entry level?","neutral"
"How to accidentally run over your dog in one easy step","curiosity"
"It seriously is impressive to wake up and see Clemson fans taking full blown hay makers at all of their competition at once.","curiosity"
"Cancel your trip, man. This shit all too much for you","neutral"
"The only person I didn't want was [NAME], and I ended up getting [NAME]... ","annoyance"
"I noticed that too. How cute.","love"
"is your dad very wealthy by any chance [NAME]","amusement"
"He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!","annoyance"
"I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..","neutral"
"I believe we are playing them in June and November in the Euro qualifiers","neutral"
"Does not giving the puck away in the defensive zone every single fucking time he touches it count as an elite level skill?","neutral"
"I was hoping - thank you.","admiration"
"I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing","anger"
"It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].","annoyance"
"Oh I got one are you overweight","neutral"
"I’m slowly starting to get excited about what we will do with the draft pick(s?) they will most likely get in a trade","excitement"
"No now a days they’re regularly updated to reflect the current stats and rosters. This commercial would have been great for The Show 17.","neutral"
"get blood orgies out of our ideology thanks","gratitude"
"Can't believe people like this actually exist.","surprise"
"Well, if 10% of active gun owners each convert 4 people, we win :-).","approval"
"gonna jump from there","neutral"
"All I can think of is her sweaty mom cooking away in the back 🤮","love"
"You had me at “unspeakable scientifical horrors”, lol!! You are my people, [NAME]. ","neutral"
"Yeah I probably would've started crying on the spot. Loud, sudden and especially shrill noises are extremely *"cringey"* and uncomfortable and stressful","annoyance"
"Like ConfusedYehud, I'm also curious why there is a difference between a woman's face in a newspaper and a woman's face in the street.","curiosity"
"Yo mamma so flat, Earth gets jealous.","love"
"true I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.","disapproval"
"This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.","disgust"
""12 inch"","neutral"
"See [NAME] this is the problem, I don’t know if you’re talking about cutting people in half or halving the population","confusion"
"What was that behind the back nonsense, criminy. TO THE BENCH","annoyance"
"This is the saddest thing I've seen today","sadness"
"No deal then? Sick of reading about this shite.","annoyance"
"They said Texas! #Woooooo TEXAS","neutral"
"We need some old school evil empire moves, sign [NAME] NOW!","neutral"
"And no fall damage","neutral"
"Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️","neutral"
"In my opinion at night peds have just as much responsibility of being seen as drivers have to see.","disapproval"
"I don't like it but it also makes sense. If [NAME] headlined a deal with the Mariners for [NAME], I'm all for it. 10000%","approval"
"He has been horrible in pull up situations but not horrible with catch and shoot this season.","annoyance"
"I listened to this song the other day for the first time and... oh boy yeah","approval"
"If by "better", you mean "more fun", then I'd go with the second one. <smile>","approval"
"The thing I keep thinking is that there must be some pretty daming evidence against him to actually charge him.","neutral"
"I saw that twice last year.","neutral"
"Its nice to have time to be able to get a job and a new apartment before having to start paying back those loans.","joy"
"Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view ","remorse"
"Any other reasonably priced recommendation?","confusion"
"Coincidence vs correlation vs causation","neutral"
"Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...","disappointment"
"He keeps saying this in my playthrough when that's definitely NOT what I'm doing. I just suck at hunting!!","disgust"
"[NAME] damn cummonists","annoyance"
"I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.","sadness"
"Yeah right, like other government look to [NAME] to learn something our politics is hot mess won't happen, will stay a dream I guess","annoyance"
"Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.","neutral"
"I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!","approval"
"Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action","sadness"
"Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(","disappointment"
"Hope + Sabres = Mistake Just remember that you love hockey and do your best to enjoy the ride.","caring"
"My 3 year old is an asshole. His 8 year old sister was also an asshole at 3. It gets better!","disgust"
"Can’t wait for this match","excitement"
"I see , they don’t sell phones any more","neutral"
"There was a horrible accident","fear"
"Oh my gosh! I subscribed to both! Thank you so much for the recommendation.","surprise"
"Why tho... I don't understand why I like this so much","confusion"
"I wonder how that works if the seatbelt wouldn’t fit even if they were sitting in a regular seat? They only go so far, right?","surprise"
"Seems very very aggressive. I would love for you to be right.","caring"
"Wtf the dude is 29? Seemed like only yesterday he was the most hyped goalie prospect in the world...","disgust"
"I completely agree, I just think there is more of a chance of Clowney getting tagged than [NAME] getting tagged a second time.","approval"
"Hypothetical: If you were a GOP senator, who would you want to lead the caucus after [NAME] steps down or is defeated?","confusion"
"Wishing that sweet boy a super quick procedure and an even faster recovery. I’ll keep you guys in my thoughts.","caring"
"Thank you for that statement.","gratitude"
"Now that's ride sharing!","excitement"
"A few times but people like this have a short attention span/only care when the tv says too","neutral"
"Why pay so much character and it feels so good. In the humble of 1996, the website was a skinny stoner with long hair.","admiration"
"He missed my personal favorite of "harridan" though. ","disappointment"
"I have a feeling if my car won’t start my ETL would come and Uber me to work","neutral"
"Im glad youre going to be a perfect parent who never makes any mistakes. Make sure you write a book!","joy"
"i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were","anger"
"Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.","neutral"
"I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.","joy"
"He would like to speak in third person.","love"
"Interesting take there","curiosity"
"I remember seeing that scene the first time and being like.... I loved Princess [NAME] before, but now... something is different","love"
"Prayer will help you more than any of us can","caring"
"Two overtime games on championship Sunday? We are blessed as football fans. Too bad one game had to be between FYTB and FUKC","curiosity"
"I really hope [NAME] or [NAME] or somebody from the show sees this 😂","optimism"
"Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.","joy"
"It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.","annoyance"
"Your posts cause cancer.","neutral"
"Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world","annoyance"
"I like it but it’s my least favorite [NAME] solo album because I like his other albums more","admiration"
"And I taught my room was dirty and that I was not taking care of my self. Good job op","realization"
"Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.","amusement"
"That's ma'am!","excitement"
"It worked for me too!!","joy"
"Hi [NAME] nice to see you","excitement"
"> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.","desire"
"Alot of friends and family make that or less. It's pretty crazy.","excitement"
"[NAME], the "launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]" one made me lose it.","neutral"
"Ooooh that was a missed opportunity","sadness"
"Wait what’s wrong with [NAME] lol I’ve never had any problems listening to him personally","amusement"
"Wow 40 years at 18 wow how unfortunate.","surprise"
"> Clothing predates religions though Can you cite that? It seems like a somewhat interesting question.","admiration"
"The intelligence of the average houston driver doesnt make this possible","neutral"
"Removed due to being wtf question.","neutral"
"Not anymore it seems.","disapproval"
"It sounds like you’re enzyme deficient, I’ve never heard of someone becoming sensitive to a drug from using it ","approval"
"Damned straight.","anger"
"Glad she's not living in a bubble then....","joy"
"two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case","love"
"His whole point is that he doesn't have to give a damn about others or how they feel.","disapproval"
"I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate","caring"
"Fun fact that I learned not too long ago, [NAME] did the voice over for [NAME] during the “indeed” era of Kaientai ","neutral"
"If that's a euphemism for "emotional thinking" then I agree with you","approval"
"don't send that message","annoyance"
"The last two years of heart-breaking Saints playoff losses have *almost* made up for the horror of 2009.","neutral"
"I remember seeing her twitter profile when it all went down and she was a rocket","excitement"
"I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's","joy"
"I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this","remorse"
"Always upvote Funhaus","neutral"
"If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him","approval"
"Long, difficult but rewarding combos. Simple defense mechanics. The speed it’s currently at. Meter burns, risk reward. ","admiration"
"sad knight noises...","neutral"
"Ty for introducing me to The Barberettes, friend! The taste is *superb*","neutral"
"This hurts me","disappointment"
"What logic justifies $33 that would not also justify $5000?","confusion"
"That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.","sadness"
"I think OP said teacher in correlation to how he was using the word "lesson." I don't think they were an actual teacher.","disapproval"
"Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful","optimism"
"You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.","annoyance"
"*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!","approval"
"Nice try @ some dude. Also i joke around my gf on the same topic, she doesnt believe me","admiration"
"Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you","caring"
"Uh, no. Not even remotely.","disapproval"
"Who's we? Because a lot of people on your side don't seem to want that.","confusion"
"I feel like most of us were pricks as kids","remorse"
"Brilliant! I have absolutely no idea what's going on.","admiration"
"iRemindme 7 days","neutral"
"These are some of the best movies to watch high (esp Butterfly Effect)","admiration"
"as an underweight couch potato I don’t relate to any of them.","neutral"
"Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem. ","disapproval"
"Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.","anger"
"Thoroughly entertaining.","amusement"
"[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.","fear"
"Calm down, dickwad","anger"
"oh yes, we are.","approval"
"Um, except you would be trusting your private key with a third party. I would recommend verifying a signed message though as a feature to be added.","neutral"
"[NAME] was the [NAME] of the [NAME] years. Didn't realise he was still about.","confusion"
"I like that, and the baby laughs at the duck so it makes it cute rather than annoying :)","admiration"
"The entire culture of NE is win at all costs. Not sure where you live but if that kid shovels snow..tell mom to him bring home .","neutral"
"I'll admit. I wanted to be upset because I don't identify as a feminist, but also that dress is super cute omg you are very talented","admiration"
"All this theft should be reported to the school so it can go on his spermanent record","approval"
"You know the first thing they're going to ask "so, are you hungry?" ","curiosity"
"This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.","desire"
"At least he didn't knock himself out on the ground....","gratitude"
"Omg sorry I just laughed out loud and also died inside for you.","amusement"
"I know and that made me sad!","sadness"
"Ugh, this is so beautiful. The richness in those colors. It makes me wanna cry. ","admiration"
"Seriously. "Haha british people pronounce something funny" "Yeah well your children are murdered in violent attacks and your healthcare system puts millions in crippling debt" ","amusement"
"Most underrated subreddit.","disapproval"
"This is awesome!","admiration"
"alarms are kinda rude.","annoyance"
"You’re looking at hard time mate","annoyance"
"(:)","neutral"
"Just be respectful.","neutral"
"That would be fantastic!!","admiration"
"I want to like Caesars so so much. But I can't. All those delicious flavors end up tasting like a thick red septic tank. Maybe one day...","desire"
"> I don't understand why a reasonable person would perceive it as being objectively mean. Simply put, journalists are not reasonable people. ","annoyance"
"Does your son do Scratch? My daughter doesn't do fortnite but Scratch is her favourite internet thing and she would love to add new scratch friends.","approval"
"The card game in Episode 2 is probably the happiest [NAME] has been in a while.","neutral"
"Not a different issue especially when the majority of the people affected by these deaths are lower income","sadness"
"My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.","amusement"
"Have you ever tried to give her lessons in cooking? It could be fun and a bonding for you both.","curiosity"
"It was understandable, but it was comically basic. He just wanted to take over Earth for Darkseid IIRC. ","neutral"
"I deserved it. I'm a garbage cumslut. He owned me and he took his property.","disappointment"
"Oh no, not what I meant at all! Sorry for the confusion :O","confusion"
"You could easily avoid him. What a crazy concept","amusement"
"I won't even reply anymore. That radio silence mid convo really gets on my nerves.","disapproval"
"I will thanks :)","gratitude"
"Story of my life","neutral"
"Is this Hawaii? I had such a feeling this was Maui when I saw it.","neutral"
"[NAME] was a pastor who witnessed the “Wood Scrape” and credited the rodsmen of the [NAME] cult as creating [RELIGION] 1.0","neutral"
"Removed. Rule 4.","neutral"
"It only points out that when only men can change things concerning gender inequality there is an obvious gender inequality.","neutral"
"I love how adgag laws are legalized illegal activities, look it up!","love"
"a guy named [NAME] had a nightmare of [NAME] getting shot at a live performance.","neutral"
"Just so freaking miserable. Trying to make me miserable as well","annoyance"
"US is of the top oil exporters in the world. 2003 wants it’s talking point back.","neutral"
"Does this really work? Any one else try this yet? I'm surprised I've never heard of this before thank you.","confusion"
"Ah, victory ","neutral"
"Nicely done sir","admiration"
"You should see a "heat map" about the movement of a winger and you would be surprised where do they spend more time on the field. ","neutral"
"Wow. Yellow erasure much??? 😡","curiosity"
">you never learn anything ever from university This is not true","disapproval"
"I dunno, I've found some of my holy grail products through bloggers.","approval"
"be careful of the island guy, he is sweet but he can be a lion too"","neutral"
"That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.","admiration"
"You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...","sadness"
"Reminds me of that last scene in Coraline, where she's walking through the woods. Cool photo.","admiration"
"It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.","approval"
"nice!! I'll try this one","admiration"
"i smell a sitcom!","neutral"
"I can’t look at [NAME] with this hair!","disgust"
"Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.","gratitude"
"In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3","disappointment"
"When I was maybe 8 I discovered that I liked hot dog buns with just ketchup. I shortly discovered what heartburn was.","disappointment"
"Oh damn it! I was just on my way to the post box","annoyance"
"This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.","disgust"
"**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.","love"
"Honestly you should have gone nuclear on him","neutral"
"What a bullet, and what a sequence for [NAME]","admiration"
"Not even slightly.","disapproval"
"Do you work in education?","neutral"
"Can you adopt me? I’m after those bones","curiosity"
"They didn't have a "bullpen" when they won the WS or when they went to the ALCS last year. They will get by as always","approval"
"No I meant it's like the 5th post I've seen this week about it. 3 of them have been memes.","neutral"
"Sorry for your loss; this story is heartwarming.","grief"
"Marriage isn't all about sex. And the fact you think so makes me concerned for whoever you end up with.","caring"
"I got undifferentiated androgynous, just slightly more femme than masc, which, honestly, sounds about right as an AFAB nonbinary person tbh","sadness"
"Don't confused sex with gender. Gender identity can't be boiled down to beards and balls.","neutral"
""Smile Dude"","joy"
"That's what I thought (landlord myself). Even if you rent a room to someone, still that's a bit extreme.","neutral"
"I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.","neutral"
"Still looks pretty delicious, makes me really want an omelette rn tbh","neutral"
"I'd love [NAME], boy can shoot","love"
"They did, donated a penny for someone else’s happiness/luck. ","neutral"
"I was thinking she suspects her husband is being unfaithful and sneaking around.","neutral"
"I definitely liked him last game against Houston. Hope this is the new AG!","admiration"
"Hate the taste, switched to a plastic nalgene bottle","disgust"
"I laughed several times","amusement"
"Shame [NAME] is no longer with us","neutral"
"for a moment i got scared and wondered what was this doing here then i read the happy ending","joy"
"Weird how the cops can pick and choose which laws to enforce and when, but I guess that explains a lot.","optimism"
"Must be why I'm alive. That sucks.","annoyance"
"Fried Egg is my #1 since cricket cafe stopped doing breakfast sandwiches.","joy"
"The only way I can make people laugh","joy"
"Are you surprised. He doesn’t do anything with himself","surprise"
"Oh [NAME]. But I'm sort of confused as to how the pic was taken, sorry if you said it but I'm a bit stupid and tired","confusion"
"Yawn. They’re toxic together and their only trait seemed to be getting naked together.","disgust"
"Id buy those shoes and walk in the dirtiest places just to piss [NAME] off.","neutral"
"I heard [NAME] makes someone his bitch on a usual basis. Anyone remember how often?","neutral"
"It's a waste of water to shower that often.","amusement"
"Thanks guys for the explanation, didn't know that!!","gratitude"
"[NAME] should be in. Tough road for Red, but they have been a lot better their last three games.","optimism"
"Or is that a 3:14? You’re in trouble pal.","caring"
"I’m always weirded out whenever I see him without a beard because in my game I got the longest beard I could","neutral"
"Who’s vid is This?","confusion"
"Then leave, if that is your purpose.","disapproval"
"Can you make your flair "Every other team in the metro"","neutral"
"...a golden sex toy?","confusion"
"“We just need more MONEY!”","neutral"
"ConEd vault in my office building blew, and now the entire building is closed for the whole day. What a clutch start to Friday","neutral"
"Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.","approval"
"Cheers, sololander!","neutral"
"My jaw dropped","surprise"
"That whole chart looks like something someone made up to post on incels.","love"
"ok so that was fucking sick","sadness"
"Typical spewing of logical fallacies by a dotard. Go back to bestgunnit and play with the other special needs children.","neutral"
"Where is the discusting from?","confusion"
"I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried. ","fear"
"Not sure why you got downvoted, it's easy to miss some of these brand replacement names","confusion"
"This WILL work for you [NAME]!! I have hope for you bro!!","optimism"
"That’s crazy. Depending of the state you’d effectively be obligated to work for that employer.","admiration"
"Air traffic controllers are responsible for 100,000x the amount of lives. Should they be getting paid more? I'm not sure this is the best argument to make. ","confusion"
"GUYS WHAT IF THE PEOPLE WHO ARE UPVOTING THE HORNY IMAGES *ARENT* THE SAME PEOPLE AS THE ONES WHO DONT LIKE CAMILLA WHHOOOOOOAAAAA","excitement"
"[NAME] spam them till they bleed out.","anger"
"That was my favorite character... :’(","joy"
"Dude. Do you have any idea what that would cost??","neutral"
"Lol hows that different then [NAME]","amusement"
"Oh, for the love of... The knock goes between the index and middle fingers, [NAME]!","neutral"
"Curious about your thoughts on BC’s LNG activity.","neutral"
"It's good to know that I'm not the only one lol","relief"
"He’s just behind [NAME] and [NAME]. Having 2 second rows on the bench would’ve been overkill when we’ve got [NAME] available.","neutral"
"I think that would fall under exile, right? Do you think its important prisons/prisoners are somewhat self sufficient?","disapproval"
"Believe me when i say not having a job doesn't change anything. It's an endless nightmare being ostracized from people your whole life.","disappointment"
"That's a cute little theory","admiration"
"How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.","admiration"
"Hope it works for you OP.","desire"
"I went to the pharmacy to get vaccinated (sign said for free) and they turned me down for not having health insurance... so","disappointment"
"I'm the one who died inside here","disapproval"
"It surprises me Turkey doesn't intervene even there. I would presume that at least OB-ES areas are off limits and Turkey would intervene if HTS entered them.","surprise"
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid "guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??" posts are the absolute worst","curiosity"
"I'm 5'6" and three quarters haha. Have hair though.","neutral"
"You're saying [NAME] sucks at drafting...?","confusion"
"That would increase [NAME] political power inside Turkey even more. Especially when he is getting weaker because of economic distress and refugee problem","neutral"
"I would love a game with either of these two!!! 2nd choice being Caracalla!","excitement"
"Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.","disappointment"
"A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!","joy"
"I really miss AG","sadness"
"Meanwhile, in r/nba *Typical [NAME] publicity stunt with a grandmother, the perfect deflection smh* Probably.","approval"
"She wasn't a fit parent when she molested then 5 year-old [NAME] while she was high on meth. That ship has long sailed.","anger"
"FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.","annoyance"
"luckily for us all the retarded companies are plummeting","neutral"
"Maybe you’re not bringing as much to the table as you thought","neutral"
"r/everyfuckingthread Reddit Cliches have been observed by this bot 951 times.","anger"
"Watching LEC is such a snooze fest... the casters are awful, the interviewer has awful flow, the players have no personality...","disappointment"
"I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.","approval"
"It’s dumb, but now that I think about it I would like to try hot coffee poured over a tiramisu","desire"
"Yes, its from the song Ultimate by [NAME] (kinda of a hype/rap song)","approval"
""This is a warning, there's a bomb in spar, we're giving you circa 100 years to get out"","neutral"
"Oh now that's receipts.","neutral"
"No he's overrated","disapproval"
"They likely just didn’t have enough forex to pay their bill 😂","disapproval"
"> They are all one entity with the same goals. Agreed, sadly.","approval"
"what would be the point of that I already told you I was dumb my little vagina looking friend","neutral"
"Ok... if you think its time.... have a fun safe trip","neutral"
"That’s fair, personally the manufactured electronic beat sounds the best to me","admiration"
"i know the feeling dude","neutral"
"Something on the telly about Scottish football that saves me watching [NAME] and [NAME]? I'm all for it.. Fair play to them.","approval"
"Write her a hand written letter and go back and deliver that to her damned door.","neutral"
"thanks, it’s been so much better","gratitude"
"Great video, and kudos for waiting them out and not letting your primal instincts let you attack from a wrong position!","admiration"
"I have no idea. That restaurant loves to put fried spaghettis everywhere.","confusion"
"He was afraid of flying","fear"
"Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried. ","disappointment"
"Detective from svu.","neutral"
"Welcome to CTH where everyone pretends that socialism will work, next time.","annoyance"
"Haha i love chinese food","love"
"I know you're trying to play devil's advocate but [NAME] doesn't hit close to as well as [NAME]","neutral"
"They wont investigate cause the damage isn't worth $1000+","disapproval"
"Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.","disappointment"
"Yeah but i have hard time finding keyboards under 60€ that are blue switches with nkro, if u have some suguesstions please leave a link.","disapproval"
"The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].","anger"
"Don't go into alcoholism because of my comment :(","approval"
"for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.","embarrassment"
"Enjoying oneself automatically makes an action harmless?","annoyance"
"No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda","sadness"
"Hell yes!","anger"
">You do realize that video is from a movie right? >Mentions [NAME]","curiosity"
"I guess not, thanks for clearing it up mate","disapproval"
"Then let's leave society and start a better one.","approval"
"Well, in that case I don't think there's any use in trying to explain. Carry on :)","neutral"
"Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.","sadness"
"This artwork is amazing! Only thing that bothers me a bit, is that [NAME] is wearing something that looks like Korean traditional wear as opposed to a kimono","admiration"
"Nice width but every day is trap day from now until the show.","disgust"
"This is so bad that I immediately retold it to everyone I know.","disgust"
"Enjoy it! You have a good one for your first!","joy"
"Oh [NAME].","neutral"
"He's also a chaser and is convinced that shouting at someone is an escalation from a shooting spree. He is incredibly dumb.","neutral"
"That was like a movie the way [NAME] and [NAME] were slaying on the enemy ship with Cobbobles firing canons from their ship.","neutral"
"ITT: People defend delusional shitposts.","anger"
"I guess [NAME] has something he wants to tell you","neutral"
"When it’s read this way it’s way more badass. The way people normally quote it just sounds stupid.","disgust"
"Gotta love how "QUESTIONING" is front and center in the list of things these warriors for [NAME] consider brainwashing.","love"
"Because he's too impulsive and needs to be able to tweet while eating ice cream in bed.","embarrassment"
"Benzos stop working after a few weeks because they’re very addictive and tolerance grows quickly. I use them occasionally but never more than twice a week.","curiosity"
"lmao okay dude","approval"
"Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad","disgust"
"I'm skeptical a single opinion would change. Politics is so polarized anyone who would bother to listen already made up their mind.","neutral"
"I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.","disapproval"
"People talk so much shit when I say [NAME] is just a fast as [NAME] again, [NAME] just barely wins ","joy"
"Nice of them to come check on you.","approval"
"Good times, good timessss lol","amusement"
"OOOOOFFF, now that'd be a kick to the head","anger"
"Okay thank you! Is there any word on when it's coming to live build?","curiosity"
"I actually do that","approval"
"Serious question, why is she still employed? There are many talented women in WWE.","disapproval"
"I saw these in a cart and I was so confused why the tennis balls were so small...then I noticed the word "gum".","confusion"
"I’m from Ocean County and I don’t enjoy admitting you’re right.","approval"
"Welcome! :)","gratitude"
"Bubble Bass should try it, just DON'T FORGET THE PICKLES!! ","approval"
"under inflated tires can cause tire fires, as per the DoT handbook and fmcsa","approval"
"It’s interesting that [NAME] is often the only little kid credited with being the one to desegregate schools in New Orleans.","admiration"
"Right. Lol Then they try to gaslight the audience. As if we cant pause and rewind.","neutral"
"> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.","embarrassment"
"Thins are my favorite and I will not apologize. It makes the flavor of the cookie shine through.","disapproval"
"Except the federal workers won’t be facing an income reduction, only a delayed payment. I wonder if that restricts them from accessing the program. ","curiosity"
"How generous :) you must really make them happy. Good on you for that","admiration"
"Omg. I just noticed that! Holy fuck, how does she smell?","excitement"
"Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.","sadness"
"The last time Russian military contractors met US forces, they lost 200 men and dozens of armored vehicles. Lmao.","neutral"
"It's a yes or no question so no you did not directly answer it.","neutral"
"Pre buff outlaw the rest just took time. [NAME] was pretty easy for me though.","approval"
"Married 3.5 years and we're down to 1-2 times a month. I feel ya","embarrassment"
"Legit. Can't beleive that society lets those people run around free like the walking sex crimes they are.","surprise"
"Workers of the world unite! We have nothing to lose but our chains!","neutral"
"yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt","anger"
"Let me rephrase what was said above: You should do some research from sources biased towards science.","neutral"
"What's the discord called","neutral"
"No, your cookies will end up flat of you so r heat your oven up pre cook. ","caring"
"I’m seeing nothing the same besides the head pose and the hair. Can’t even see her eye look because of those gigantic lashes","admiration"
"This feels more like r/fellowkids to me. This is nothing compared to some of the more dystopian stuff the government has pushed out to be fair.","disapproval"
"Omg this is so cool thank you!","admiration"
"Thank you much better now","gratitude"
"Expectations was amazing - this ain’t it","admiration"
"Fuck these trendy hipster joints. Give me my shit like normal fucking people.","anger"
"Holy hell, that sub is nice.","admiration"
"Adoption is an option. You don't have to force someone to exist but you can let them have a good life.","neutral"
"No worries. Apparently he still loves Toronto.","caring"
"Wow....while I think I knew this already, I can't quite picture it. I'ma have to go rewatch those scenes. ","realization"
"This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.","annoyance"
"I thought [NAME] trained her after the boxing was over?","neutral"
"Yes it would be a poorly thought out plan... involving alcohol... never heard of one of those.","disapproval"
"Let’s not get creative again","remorse"
"This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.","joy"
"Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.","anger"
"I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.","sadness"
"But he makes her vagina sing! How else is she supposed to act around him. Haha","neutral"
"60 young men standing around... "Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"","curiosity"
"i'm late to class (zero period) almost everyday because of looksmaxxing. i wake up at 5:45 so i can't wake up any earlier","neutral"
"Thanks so much!!!","gratitude"
"Plus [NAME] has won before. [NAME] is a perennial loser. All he has ever done is played on teams that were the worst in the NHL.","neutral"
"Sonofabitch that makes it so much better [NAME] Edit: you talking about this?","admiration"
"Lol. Thanks for the advice friend","amusement"
"out of everyone why AC?","curiosity"
"He is actually good now. No teddy but he was great last year before he got into shit","joy"
"Hope for the best but still work as hard as we can.","optimism"
"Stop it don’t tell the outsiders.","annoyance"
"Oh nice, that sounds convenient!","admiration"
"Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people","admiration"
"The level of envyness far too much","disapproval"
"The [NAME] did send his only son to score for our Pens! We are REDEEMED!","neutral"
"Fortunately, finding yourself and deepening your spiritual connection with the world only takes about 4 days in a beach hut with a thatched roof.","surprise"
"[NAME] was mad, I could see it in his eyes ","neutral"
"The good news for him, is that he can join one of these many wars.","neutral"
"To be fair [NAME] and Unite were both cleared of wrongdoing.","confusion"
"I must go, my people need me","caring"
"He got cleared in that. She hit him over the head with a lamp and he basically violently restrained her","neutral"
"I believe that any country that has hungry people, and too many animals in the shelters, doesnt have a food problem, it has a priority problem. ","disapproval"
"Yes, but [NAME] is right when he warns about the US involvement in Venezuela.","approval"
"Press F for my man [NAME], he seams like a pretty neeto mosquito. ","neutral"
"This sounds dumb but do I worry about [NAME] value at all if [NAME] is a [NAME]? Obviously I steel keep [NAME].","confusion"
"Coo bless...oncrici? Did I just summon an elder god?","neutral"
"nice work man","admiration"
""...but then some guy on internet promised, yes promised, that [NAME] existed, and it turned my life around". Dude, come on...","neutral"
"Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.","neutral"
"Was originally going to title this "BIG CHUNGUS", but it got dinged for being too short.","neutral"
"I figured that’s a British thing. Is that not a British thing?","neutral"
"Happy cake day [NAME]","joy"
"I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?","anger"
"Don't forget the fort camper.","neutral"
"Thanks for the info","gratitude"
"Brave soul.","admiration"
"Does taking a small jab at [NAME] shrek 2 mean something has to be wrong with me? What a fragile world you must live in...","confusion"
"(#1)Just love him/her (#2) Be forgiving","love"
"Essence is amazing!","admiration"
"Any proof for your statement regarding [NAME] being a PKK cadre?","curiosity"
"What it do, what it do.","neutral"
"Cool idea, I’d love one","admiration"
"Is it bad that I don't want any of them?","neutral"
"That was me a lot before I accepted myself as Trans","realization"
"Submissive? "she’s a [NAME] so literally it’s like a brand new car [NAME] has blessed me with." You're disgusting.","disgust"
"Beautiful.","admiration"
"Now we're talking!","neutral"
"Oh that makes sense. But still I think asking a girl to touch her boobs is pretty creepy xD","neutral"
"The people who announce this early only mean to shape the conversation. We can measure his influence in dollars until a smaller subset of nominees take the lead.","neutral"
"A nightmare hellscape future where the living envy the hot dogs","optimism"
"I’ve been to two locations and the burgers are SO GOOD!!","admiration"
"Don't tell yourself those lies. They only serve to keep that weight in place. We're all lucky to have you. You're a gem","annoyance"
"Say bye bye to your vas deferens and hello to your ex.","joy"
"D'oh... 1970! Good lookin out!","neutral"
"Me cheering for the Wild this year","excitement"
"Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.","fear"
"Bullying impacts brain","neutral"
"You are actually an idiot. Not it is not a proven fact, it is a biased stereotype. It is definitely derogatory. ","anger"
"I think the drug site is supposed to help solve the overdose problem, not the housing problem.","neutral"
"ok? dont really know what that has to do with it. [NAME] designs the offense, [NAME] just runs it","neutral"
"Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it. ","excitement"
"It's realistically his last chance to get a big payday.","neutral"
". . . Wait a fucking second","annoyance"
"Maybe he wanted to get rid of both of them and thought he'd go out with a bang?","annoyance"
"dear [NAME] if i hear her say "MAH FEE-YAWNN-SAYYYY" one more time.. she's a wreck poor girl. ","neutral"
"Thank you!! This is so helpful","gratitude"
"The logic is so the government can oppress you.","realization"
"I thought it was 'You are only willing to help yourself'. I could be wrong though.","disapproval"
"lol eat your own farts Trumpkin","annoyance"
"the excitement when they all first come in always makes me happy","excitement"
"She's 17. Let her brag about cool visual effects, yikes","surprise"
"Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day","neutral"
"Glad your boss backed you up","joy"
"Holy shit I’m stupid","anger"
"I wish there was some way to put this in the sidebar.","neutral"
"oh, me too, actually.","approval"
"That's a good point, I didn't think of that. It's too late now, of course, but I'll remember for the future.","admiration"
"They will be more than happy to hand you the matches, followed by the cuffs. ","neutral"
"What? I’m regular lurker here that just deiced to comment.","curiosity"
"This sub absolutely gets personal within seconds of anything he says being postes","neutral"
"Hey thanks!","gratitude"
"Congratulations! Welcome to the world, new person!","excitement"
"Sorry for the late reply. Bought it on the NHL shop, they have them in both fanatics and addidas.","neutral"
"The huge pics of [NAME] and [NAME] wedding looming over this dysfunction own","neutral"
"MULTIPLE TIMES NOW IT'S BEEN INCREDIBLY NICE ON THE MOUNTAIN THE DAY DIRECTLY AFTER I GO SKIING.","gratitude"
"I do the 4-second gap as well and is it infuriating to see someone take advantage of it.","anger"
"I live in Northern Scandinavia now and one of the biggest culture shocks to my American brain was the groups of very young kids just roaming the neighborhood.","realization"
"PLANT LOCAL WILDFLOWERS!!!! They come back year after year and the Pollinators will Love it.","approval"
"Now to get a new husband!","desire"
"I love the name!","love"
"Why didn’t she celebrate, she redirected that one in!!","curiosity"
"Wow excellent shot","gratitude"
"at least it rhymes,i'll give you that","neutral"
"when only rich people got elected and passed laws...","anger"
"Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea","disappointment"
"She won't be happy single. One of her biggest wishes is that she wants someone to love her for her, not her claim. ","desire"
"Happy birthday to that gold thong wearing, porn stache sporting son of a bitch!","annoyance"
"Good that corporate knows about it. They'll launch a LP investigation and fuck the idiots doing this.","anger"
"Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit","excitement"
"Too bad no crossprog with PS4 thanks to Sony, though I heard gamedevs are trying to talk it out with them","annoyance"
"This is just sad. So, so sad.","sadness"
"So there’s a statue commemorating unsolicited fingers in anuses on football fields?","neutral"
"THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!","disapproval"
"This is one of those hobbies where the exit strategy is paralysis or death.","disapproval"
"Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit","amusement"
"Taking the baby is the creepiest thing they’ve done yet - just so evil, in a dim, giggly way.","neutral"
"Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.","excitement"
"Chromie, for sure","neutral"
"Unless you're trying it with dollarstore shit, don't risk wasting the money. Just enjoy it.","joy"
"Loved that shithole base! (not being sarcastic)","love"
"She was going to her safe place in her mind","neutral"
"Damn didn’t see it sorry","sadness"
"I love foreign money. I enjoy making origami from it.","joy"
"Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?","remorse"
"I'm infinitely more interested in why the Physique one has an extra like","approval"
"For next time, there is a way bigger live chat over on r/BravoRealHousewives ","neutral"
"Obvious troll is obvious.","neutral"
"Also stay hydrated! That was a mistake I was constantly making too","annoyance"
"Yooooooou are the ooooooocean's gray waaaaaaaaves...","neutral"
"Went on a date with someone whose 8 years older than me. She didn't realize I was only 20. Whoops.","approval"
"So you’ve known each other a while, but how close are you?","curiosity"
"Please wake up","desire"
"Imagine if [NAME] wins the power and uses it at the noms, not realizing [NAME] wasn't even planning on nominating her lol","amusement"
"AND MY ~~AXE~~ MACE","neutral"
"She may want you and your boyfriend out, so her daughter can take the bedroom. A family meeting might force her to be honest.","caring"
"Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉","excitement"
"> he fingers my bumhole like he's trying to get the last Pringles out of the tube. My favourite line","realization"
"Something is rotten in Deutschland.","neutral"
"I don't really understand what you mean 😩 haha Can you explain please?","confusion"
"I was actually introduced to hbomb and breadtube in general Becuase of [NAME] vid on ds2. So thanks [NAME]?","gratitude"
"So you can make funny sex jokes on iFunny, obviously.","amusement"
"Right? She sure can dish it but when she got stood up to, not do much! Ha","caring"
"They did the Unreal Engine store in the same way. I'm not surprised.","neutral"
"I used to have a German Shepherd X Siberian Husky that looked so much like this.","realization"
"You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon","realization"
"The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].","realization"
"There is no way around it :(","remorse"
"your mom is safe when she bangs me she makes me wear a condom so she doesn't get preggers","neutral"
"Wow you're so moral you've changed my outlook on remainers","excitement"
"I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!","neutral"
"That thang juicy","neutral"
"The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.","optimism"
"i will downvoted u into oblivion!!!!!!","disapproval"
"Why? I've got your attention and thats when the fun begins","amusement"
"I'm not a health threat. I'm vaccinated and have no children. Thanks again for your uninformed analysis.","gratitude"
"doesn’t mean you could assume you committed a crime","neutral"
"Most of the people on top aren't even very relevant anymore, at least not nearly as relevant as they used to be","disapproval"
"Wow, y'all are heroes! ","joy"
"THAT FEELING WHEN YOU DISCOVER THE GOP CAN'T MEME","excitement"
"Sounds really boring so I hope you like it","joy"
"I feel ya.","approval"
"> Why create more jobs when no one is available to even take them? We could always import more people to fill those jobs.. :)","neutral"
"Thank god. The capitalists are the most virtuous among us.","gratitude"
"Ok then :)","neutral"
"Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.","joy"
"Well [NAME] just missed...so there’s that bit of good news","joy"
""we need to help the homeless not the immigrants" But also "if they are homeless they deserve it" ","pride"
"The article mentions that the apps are only for Chinese customers. Is that not the case?","neutral"
"Saying "don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics" isn't intolerance.","annoyance"
"How can someone be so stupid to post that online, let alone publicly do that","annoyance"
"Jersey Shore: Dubai Edition","neutral"
"That's the theme of this excellent play:","admiration"
"I like that idea!","approval"
"Honestly im a pretty clumsy belligerent and i lasted 9 months and no case is great life i regret nothing","admiration"
"I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!","love"
"I think it is more likely that you simply do not know what science is.","confusion"
"Amen. Although sometimes you look up and have to look back down before you lose the wood","gratitude"
"i sense a cup hangover for the caps","neutral"
"I'm glad that this is a normal assumption to make... incels are my answer to too many things","joy"
"Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!","disappointment"
"[NAME], Big Bang Theory is terrible so glad it's going to be gone.","relief"
"Either you meant family doc or there's an interesting story here you're not sharing. I'm hoping for the latter.","curiosity"
"I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].","love"
"Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!","admiration"
"I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.","neutral"
"This is actually funny","amusement"
"I can't wait until I can get my app up and running now.","neutral"
"So 10 bucks says shes just gonna leave him after this anyway","approval"
"Oh. Makes sense.","neutral"
"[NAME] "[NAME] couldn't wait for me to leave office on September 10th, 2001" [NAME]!","neutral"
"I’m just not sure why he thought I’d find it attractive, it deserves an attaboy at best","neutral"
"This guy doesn’t know how to life...","disapproval"
"Poor kid. He just wanted to rescue his mum from a nefarious organisation. I hope he gets decent representation.","caring"
"Wow, you are quite the romantic...","love"
"I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.","caring"
"hmmm so pretty much the same as the last 25 years.","surprise"
"a weird way to spell Boys Don’t Turbo Grafx 16","disgust"
"I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.","excitement"
"And how often the Asian guy is the token gay guy (especially since Uncle George came out). What I would give for more Asian romantic leads!","curiosity"
"We still luv u","admiration"
"Walmart is also a good place to look at the local fauna.","neutral"
"How are his past career stats relevant? Dude hit below the Mendoza line last season lol [NAME] is way better","neutral"
"Thanks, you are right, I appreciate you reaching out","gratitude"
"Thank you love. I really appreciate your input","gratitude"
"Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.","love"
"So much blasphemy... This place is not even [RELIGION]. You literally deny scripture to fit a Reddit agenda.","disgust"
"Definitely the current worst, hence 20 actually buffs coming her way.","nervousness"
"Your personality comes off as really obnoxious and overbearing. Maybe your thinly-veiled desperation explains why she didn’t want to go out with you.","neutral"
"Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat","disapproval"
"I cried more here than in Star Wars.","sadness"
"OP sounds like you need to wait a sec for the aim to focus.","neutral"
"Lol! Exactly. ☹","approval"
"Aww thanks :)","gratitude"
"wow. I think you've done all you can.","admiration"
"If I met a woman that loved me and I her, that stuff wouldnt cross my mind. Its life. You make it work. ","desire"
"I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!","neutral"
"Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old","disappointment"
"Ahh, I see. Well, he wasn't wrong!","neutral"
"Lmao we really tried that again","amusement"
"I can easily relate to that as well. The siblings are the ones who will stick with us for the whole journey to the very end.","excitement"
"So fucking heart warming. Brother love man it’s wholesome as shit.","annoyance"
"I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.","admiration"
"I personally like Picard better. But Kirk must have been more fun to write.","neutral"
"You're welcome! Happy New year!","excitement"
"dear... husband","neutral"
"Fighting childhood obesity, one babysitter at a pretty pointlessly narrow definition of harassment that includes criticism.","neutral"
"As an [NAME], I expected something different.","approval"
"That looks so delicious! What are the beans?","admiration"
"Hm so sad. Am I supposed to feel bad for you because you don't look like [NAME] phelps? Btw, he's on steroids no doubt","sadness"
"Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.","annoyance"
"Are you sincerely saying that [NAME] are bad because they were in the minority?","neutral"
"Ferrets are such good ESA's though! Good for you at least, I love ferrets with all of my heart.","admiration"
"Thank you! I’ll give it a listen tonight😊","approval"
"She's a weekend mother at best.","pride"
"yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3","joy"
"Today I wish I were a black bear.","desire"
"I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him","confusion"
"I think we'll find out how apt this comparison is within the next few years.","realization"
"Good one.","admiration"
"Modern example about [NAME]' genocide against [NAME]. Mosques burned, civilians murdered in a mass etc etc ","neutral"
"[NAME] just got to slide into Chef Bois DMs","neutral"
"He’s going to the Bengals at 11 and I hate it so much","anger"
"Now to get a new husband!","neutral"
"I *couldn't.*","neutral"
"We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.","amusement"
"GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.","joy"
"Yeah it’d be cool to pair a Young [NAME] with [NAME]","approval"
"ehhhh I don't think so. iirc [NAME] was responsible for that Russian embargo and he's the reason why AKs are so expensive now.","disappointment"
"`too many to be a little late streaks of the other two were going out for lunch at 9 pm to do the same.","amusement"
"Definitely on how they act. Although if you put deeper thought into it, calling a woman a girl is rooted in misogyny. But context matters.","neutral"
"Nahhh just as they came to me","disapproval"
"wtf i love basketball again.","love"
"OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol","amusement"
"Lol I hate this too!","amusement"
"Mostly shit paying jobs with more openings + older people rejoining the workforce. Ofc they will spin it as "good" news...","annoyance"
"TSM would be cool","approval"
"Hah. Thanks!","gratitude"
"Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening. ","approval"
"I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(","disappointment"
"eh, no. Maybe wood can be an alternative if thon is out of the option, but i will never get the allure behind ersan","disapproval"
"yup I was like "what, are porn mags scary now?" and then it clicked","realization"
"I wasn’t even expecting the reply that’s why I’m literally bamboozled.","disappointment"
"At my job I can/Do get laid a lot so the second one!!","neutral"
"I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)","approval"
"It's a shitty made shirt but if it was done well I'd wear it.","disappointment"
"The Guardian are covering it. Naturally they think we're far-right activists and misogynists whose displeasure proves the necessity of the [NAME] campaign...","approval"
"Ohhhh, that makes sense. Cheers mate ","excitement"
"If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*","disapproval"
"[NAME] and [NAME]. There really is NO point of them staying and they are unbearable to watch.","annoyance"
"I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING","sadness"
"> The defunct club still sit third in the overall NI league roll of honour despite not having competed for 70 years. Wow","admiration"
"Looks like pretty much any Donkeys fan.","disapproval"
"I mean the ST coach market seems a little dry. Maybe this is best we could do this year.","neutral"
"How much carbon you're removing doesn't matter much if you're still adding way more than you remove.","approval"
"Yeah, but the thing is that I did send them. Therefore, I don’t have them, and haven’t for months.","neutral"
"Yes it is","neutral"
"Again, “citing Buzzfeed news”... I stand by what I said!","neutral"
"Nice, i have the crown help me and the 309. Can you compare it to those?","approval"
"too bad nothing came off it","disapproval"
"I like it, especially the shovel and therapy lines","optimism"
"She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.","neutral"
"No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem","neutral"
"Unless wages for food service workers change you better keep tipping.","neutral"
"No. Hell no. It's "anxiety". When needed for medical notes and such my doctor will also write anxiety. ","excitement"
